user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197970703972,Recommended,611500,34493694,Posted: 25 August,all,Santiak,"Gameplay:For me, QC feels decidedly like a Quake game.Now, what's important to note here is that, while the game does introduce light Hero-Shooter elements, none of these profoundly impact the gameplay itself. You won't, for example, find that one Champion inherently trumps another, or that one ability is far stronger than what you could have accomplished just with regular weapons.In other words, I haven't felt as if I lost an engagement because of my or my opponents choice of Champion, nor that I suffered an unavoidable death simply due to an ability being used.Some will argue that there is still less ""Quake about it"" due to these minor inclusions, and which side you agree with, will likely depend on whether or not you expect a new installment of the franchise, or a remastering of a previous installment.If the former, it'll feel like Quake - a new Quake game.If the latter, it won't quite be Quake - close, but no provebial cigar.And the obvious retort here is that, if you belong to the latter, then there's still Quake Live as a valid alternative.For me, it still feels as fast as the good old days, and with as much potential for the high skill-ceiling as in old iterations - but again, some will disagree.Balance:I'm actually amazed at how well everything is balanced at this point. No Champion feels vastly superior or inferior to others, but instead cater to certain playstyles (via their mobility-centered passives; some mimicking older Quake games, some mimicking UT, and so on).It can be frustrating to face certain Champions from time to time, but only if you let yourself get convinced that it had more to do with their choice of Champion, than that players own level of skill - and personally, I've only ever seen it be a case of the latter, never the former.In addition to that, the Devs are monitoring their data on the matter closely - as was reported in a recent AUA Stream - and they have said as much as they would rather elevate other champions, than nerf one champion, if push comes to shove. For the time being, however, the data shows very little imbalance - some Champions may be picked more often than others in certain modes, but no single Champion outperforms another substantially.Personally, I no longer even consider Champion ""power"" when picking mine for a match, there's no point - it's that level of balanced, I find.Anti-cheat:While not implemented just yet, I haven't personally encountered any Cheaters in my time in the game (joined in CBT2). They've been gathering data on the ones that have been found, however, and restructured the base code to combat it directly, while also collaborating with another team to specfically implement an active anti-cheat, which we should see in the coming months.Monetization:While prices on cosmetics can be steep, they are also easily obtainable just by playing the game.You roughly get 1 Backpack (common loot-box with 1 item) every 2 - 3 matches; costs 2000 in-game currency, and you earn about 800-1000 per match. And you also have Daily Challenges which can net you between 4500 - 9000 Favour total, per day.You get 1 Chest (uncommon loot-box with 2 items) each level, and you level up roughly every 7 - 12 matches.You get 1 Reliquary (rare loot-box with 3 items) every 5 levels.Additionally, while this will only go into affect once QC exits Early Access, if you start a free account, you start only with Ranger, but you can rent any Champion for 24 hours for 5000 Favour.Furthermore, there is a relatively good chance that a Champion will drop permanently from Reliquaries, and even a very low chance they will drop from Backpacks.However, during EA, the entry-fee will automatically net you all current and future Champions.For reference, while anecdotal, I personally have earned a total of about 10 Champions over the course of the Beta, out of a total of about 15 Reliquaries (i.e. by level 75).Community:In general, a very welcoming and open community. The amount of sober discussions far outweigh the number of toxic ones, and contrary to the vast majority of communities I've anticipated in in the past - with one notable exception (you know who you are <3) - people are more likely to listen to well-formulated and founded counter-arguments, rather than stubbornly insist on their initial thoughts and feelings on the matter, which again makes for a very welcoming feel.Furthermore, it's one of the most helpful communities I've been a part of; in the vast majority of cases, new players seeking advice are given constructive and well thought out feedback, and in no way ridiculed, whether they do this on the official forums or by posting a YouTube video or what not.All in all, I have mostly very positive things to say about the community. There are, of course, some bad seeds now and again, but they're only an ignore function away, and other people will often either ignore them and keep playing (if in-game), or marvel at their poor attempts at smack-talk.Development:First and foremost, the positives: Devs seem aware of the issues at hand, they've done a decent job of both polishing the core mechanics and functionality, while also releasing new content, and they've been relatively open about things when they finally open up.But that's generally where the down-side comes into play: They aren't open very often. Most of the time, a poor CM is tasked with relaying what info the Devs deem necessary, so players often feel left out, especially if an urgent issue has arisen. Likewise, they very, very rarely respond on forums, or even post updates or roadmaps, but instead rely heavily on Discord to communicate with their playerbase, meaning information could (and arguably has) gotten lost easily, since no kind player was around to copy/paste that needed information onto the forums.Granted, they are currently in the final stages of a prize tournament - which one could question the wisdom of having at this point - so they are obviously very busy.They have stated, however, that they want to increase the level of community outreach in the future, so time will tell whether that will happen or not.Performance:It's a bit hit-and-miss for some. There are still some hit-reg and netcode issues, but for most (assumption) they've improved since the EA patch - for most, they've improved since early Beta.There are, of course, exceptions to this, but from what I can gather, it is as much a server-related issue as anything, so it may just be teething issues as they also upgrade servers to handle the new influx of players, but now I'm speculating.There is one persistent memory leak that hasn't quite been fixed yet, but it only comes into player after 4-5 matches, and is quickly remedied by relaunching the client.All in all:- A good base for a new, fresh installment of Quake, but only if you are willing to let go of the notion that it should be a remastered Quake 1/2/3/4/Live.- Balance is excellent, the only time you'll feel as if you lost due to your choice of Champion, is if you convince yourself of as much.- Cheating is a non-issue, I'd say - but if you are new, skilled players can easily give the impression that they are cheating - but it is something the Devs take very seriously, and from all accounts, they're just about ready to roll out the proverbial big guns.- Monetization is a bit steep at the moment, but there are plenty of ways to earn it by simply playing.- Community is excellent, very open and welcoming, and eager to help new players while also being respectful towards each other - both on official forums and other avenues - but there are obviously bad seeds occasionally, but not very often.- Development is competent but opaque for the moment being, but Developers have stated they are looking to become more transparent in the future.- Performance is hit-and-miss for some, but overall has improved since earlier versions."
,Recommended,611500,34517988,Posted: 26 August,all,Vic,"It might not be Q3A, but Quake Champions is a damn fine shooter, a great Quake game, and an incredible amount of fun. The Champion system is actually surprisingly well designed, pretty deep and doesn't hurt the core gameplay. The game's still in Early Access, so some netcode issues are present and some content (like maps) isn't quite at 100% yet, but overall my experience has been great so far. Definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,611500,34422960,Posted: 22 August,all,Armin,"WARNING! DO NOT PURCHASE THIS IF YOU EXPECT INSTANT GRATIFICATION OR WANT EVERYTHING HANDED TO YOU ON A SILVER PLATTER! YOU WILL NOT FIND THAT HERE, YOU WILL NEVER FIND THAT HERE UNLESS YOU TAKE THE TIME TO PRACTICE AND GET BETTER.This game will not hold you. You will die, you will get upset, you will call the game unfair, but you will keep playing because you will get better, you will learn from hard mistakes, you become wiser toward decision making and a worthy opponent in the arena. Quake Champions is a fast arena shooter with a take on champions. Don’t let this discourage you, the core gameplay is still an arena shooter at heart. Pickups still need to be memorized and timed in order to maintain map control over your opponents, a depth of strategy that has been abandoned in recent multiplayer games. All players spawn on equal footing with a starting gun of their choice. There are no loadouts, perks, or weapon attachments, it’s just you and the arena. Strafe jumping is still present and requires hours of practice to fully master. Players are still able to rocket jump several floors and all the weapons from Quake 3 Arena are present in QC, The grenade launcher is now called the Tri bolt launcher which is a grenade launcher variant, and the plasma gun is a nail gun, a really ♥♥♥♥ing cool nail gun.)FreedomOne of the main reason quake stands out to most AAA Multiplayer titles is the movement alone. It is completely unrestricted. Unlike games like Overwatch where it feels like your character has cinderblocks tied to their feet. You can freely control, strafe, rocket jump, and in some cases control your momentum or speed depending on the situation. There is even a character in QC that can crush you with his feet if he lands on you with fast momentum speed. So it makes every situation/gunfight more unique, and because the skill cap is so high really good players will take advantage of these gameplay aspects.The Champions themselvesQuake is an arena shooter at its core. Picking champions with different passives and abilities will not deter from the core gameplay that is quake. The champions are not overpowered and they all bring something unique to the gunfights. No champion is better than the other. This is saying a lot, especially during this day and age where game devs make characters ridiculously overpowered to reward instant gratification (I’m looking at you overwatch) But seriously. I’ve been playing since March and I have to say, ID has made great balance and server side changes, you can perform well with all the champions and this is a feat of its own considering ID SOFTWARE never messed with a hero/Arena Hybrid before. They Look at the quake pros and see what’s strong and what’s weak and they apply changes/buffs/nerfs depending on what the pros feel is right. Weapons, champions, and map changes are still to come accommodating the pro sceneThe Bad parts(REMEMBER THIS IS AN EARLY ACCESS GAME AND ROME WASENT BUILT IN A DAY)It’s not perfect. There is still some spawn issues and server sided problems. Net code could use more work, the smaller champions hitboxes need serious work but this was addressed in this EA update.  Times to get into a match are 3 to 5 minutes at most also add on waiting screens and warm up it can take a little time to get a match going. But ID is aware of these things and are making improvements. Note: Development has been free. Only now are they accepting money for QC which will obviously speed up development.To the ElitistsYou don’t play quake professionally, you just want to relive those old days at lan parties and drunk times, the professionals are actually enjoying QC and they want to see more upcoming content involved with QC, and if you honestly think this detracts from your childhood experiences, there are plenty of other games that mimic that experience. (TOXIKK, REFLEX, QUAKE LIVE, ETC)EDIT: i should address that ive played the game since march in its closed beta. My hours on steam dont reflect my actual game time."
,Recommended,611500,34471866,Posted: 24 August,all,Hawk,"MAKE UP YOUR OWN MIND. WATCH GAMEPLAY, NOT REVIEWS. IGNORE HATERS.With that out of the way. Let me give you my opinion. I'll try and keep it unbiased, but keep in mind I've been playing Quake since I was in diapers, and have been playing Quake Champions since the closed beta that started early this year. I also have 1700+ hours of CSGO experience and am a high skill player, so that may affect my perspective. I'm also going to be reviewing this as if it's Free-to-play even though it's not out of Early Access (yet) and I own the Champion Pack.[+Pros]+Classic Quake gameplay...:The same basic gameplay principles that carried veterans through Quake 1 all the way to Quake Live still apply here. Weapons spawn around the maps and have to be picked up with the exception of three starting weapons that are all equally weak, so go grab those guns! Health, armor, and ammo management are still major gameplay factors. The major pickups, the mega health and heavy armor, are key to survival and are where most fights will take place. So everything you've learned from playing previous Quake titles will still apply here. Spawn in, arm yourself, kill em all!+...Classic Quake speed...:Bunny hopping, strafe jumping, rocket jumps, and jump pads are still around and are as fast as ever. There's nothing slow about this game, anyone who says otherwise has no clue how the movement mechanics work.+...But with a twist!:Champions are a new addition, each champion offering differing amounts of health, armor, and speed as well as a single active ability and one or two passives depending on the champion. Your choice of champion will boil down to your style of play, as bigger champions are slightly slower but have larger health pools, and smaller champions are faster and much squishier. Don't let this fool you, small champs can put up a fight, and big champs can still move around like lightning, it's all about how you like to fight.Champions are NOT what uninformed people think they are. They are not a specific role you have to play, there are NO character specific loadouts. Champions do NOT have more than ONE active ability, and most champions have only ONE passive ability, with the exception of some of the bigger champs who have two. Active abilities have large cooldown timers (50 seconds being the highest I believe) and passive abilities are mostly tied to movement such as air control or an unlocked speed cap, or are tied to the active ability like being immune to acid or reducing the active ability cooldown timer by picking up health. Your choice of champion will mostly come down to your own gameplay style and not who is the most overpowered.+NOT PAY TO WIN!The starting champion, Ranger, is actually one of the best characters in the game. If you've watched any pro duels you'd know this. His active and passive abilities are easy to understand and use, and his health, armor, and speed are all very good. So if you want to go in and play for free you have a very good fighting chance. I personally still use Ranger and I know people who ONLY play Ranger. With that said, lets move on to the F2P model.Every other champion can be rented for 24 hours for 5000 'Favor' (In game coins) which is very easy to earn via Daily and 'Rune' challenges and champions can even be permanently unlocked via random chance loot boxes. All items that can be purchased with 'Platinum' (Premium currency) are purely cosmetic and do not affect gameplay. Platinum can also be used to permanently unlock specific champions that you haven't already unlocked or purchased.+Runs smooth as silk.I'm not a computer buff and I don't have a super PC. I have a GT 640 graphics card and a who-knows-what processor. I run this game at all low settings and it's still one of the best looking games I've seen in recent memory and I run it at 100+ frames-per-second geting the most out of my 144hz monitor. If you have an Nvidia card you can even go in your graphics cards settings and turn off textures (Picmip mode) if you're having trouble running it. I don't do that and It still runs fine and at it's worst I never see less than 30 fps. I bet this could run on a budget PC if you set it up properly.[ =50/50's ]=Hardcore skill based gameplay:This may be a turn off for casual or non-hardcore gamers. This game is by no means easy to pick up and play. If you're new I suggest playing the tutorial and then playing alone in a custom match with the 'speedometer' on to get a feel for the maps and movement techniques. For high skill players and veteran Quakers this game will fit like a glove. If you can pay $20 and learn how to play CSGO you can pick this up for free and learn how to play it.=Constant updates:This may be a turn off for people who get easily upset by changes made to characters and map layouts, or cant stand down-time while the game is in maintainence. This also means that there's not a whole lot of content right off the bat. There's only a handful of maps at the moment and often times people vote for the same few favorites. For example the first game I played in Early Access the players in the lobby I was in voted for an old favorite, Blood Covenant (Or DM6 for you veterans,) instead of the new map Church of Azathoth which I was excited about playing. This ended up happening repeatedly.[-Cons]-Netcode:It's been improved, and is seeing improvements, but is still shakey if your ping is over 50. Overall not a huge probelm until an official Ranked mode is in place, but I will still count this against the game.-No skill based matchmaking:This is my biggest gripe. Most matches will be even, some of them will even be really close, but I always have a few games a day that are complete stomp outs, either for me or the enemy team. Nobody likes to get crushed and I personally don't take joy in crushing people who don't stand a chance. Another problem that would be a bigger issue if there were a Ranked playlist, but right now it just means that some matches wont be any fun.Conclusion/TLDR:This is the Quake game I've been waiting for since I was a little kid playing Quake 3 pretending Visor could see through walls and Sorlag could spit acid. (I'm not kidding I actually wanted those to be possibilities and that's exactly what happened...)It's skill based. It's fast paced. It sounds great and looks great. Champions don't ruin the skill based nature of Quake gameplay and if anything add a layer of depth to combat. It runs great. It's not pay-to-win despite what uninformed consumers say. Matchmaking works fine and games are fun if everyone is on the same skill level. It's constantly being updated and in the future will be Free-to-play which is always nice, but is even better since it's FAIR F2P. Netcode can be shoddy and there's currently no Ranked gametypes, but since the game has just gone to Steam and is in Early Access those are probably going to be fixed soon. Ranked has been rumored for a September release and by then Netcode should be optimised and Skill Based Matchmaking will definitely be in. I'm going to sound like a brown noser but I'm going to give this game a solid....10/10!! Yes. I truly believe this. It may be hard for newbies, but anyone who takes the time and learns the game wont find this any harder than CSGO and will most likely find it has more depth than things like OW or LB. This is the classic Quake experience in modern form. If you think this is an Overwatch clone you are grossly misinformed or in complete denial. If you think this isn't skill based you haven't met the business end of my Railgun. If you think this is slow then stop taking whatever drugs you're on and get some help. Jokes aside this game should be in in anyone's library who calls themself a Quake fan or a hardcore FPS gamer."
,Recommended,611500,34423577,Posted: 22 August,all,jericho,"Hello!1. Brief IntroductionFirst of all, for context: I've played through all Quake games, speedrun Quake 1 and been in the closed beta for Quake Champions since the first wave; participated in some duel tournaments and followed the development of Q:C very closely.2. Basics / How The Game PlaysFor those who are unfamiliar with Quake, it might look deviously simple: you just run around and shoot enemies, right? The truth is, the game has a ton of depth that may not be obvious to new players: skill-based movement (which can be very different for different champions), map control, item timings, aiming/dodging, etc. And well, some people have been playing Quake for 15-20 years and they've got this knowledge down to a T, so be prepared to get fragged a lot until you bother to learn about these things. Although that's not to say that this knowledge is required in any way, it's just that the skill ceiling goespretty damn high in this game and there's a lot of quakedads on the loose who are ready to prey on new players.For those who are familiar with Quake, it -is- Quake. Not a class-based shooter, not a ~~moba~~, it's Quake. Strafejumps, rocketjumps, even aircontrol and crouchsliding on some champions; map and itemcontrol - it's all there.3. Champions and How They Affect The GameTo put it shortly: they don't. I like the idea of Champions - they add more depth to the game but ultimately a good player can beat anyone with any character. They're more of a ""find whoever fits your playstylethe most"" sort of thing. The abilities they have are just another tool you use in specific situations, almost like weapons - you don't spend 10 minutes of the match healing someone or holding a shield barrier likesome may think.4. State of The Game and My OpinionSince the first beta, the devs have fixed a lot of issues the game had and are listening very closely to the community regarding bugs, balance and future content. My experience technically was/is mostly smooth,few problems I've had were patched. Being in Early Access and compared to other trash that hits Steam, this is very polished, but not perfect. It's still in development, so some bugs aren't gone (yet).Personally, I think the core of the game is great and it feels like Quake. The devs are very enthusiastic about it and have been fixing issues with frequent patches and content updates. Not all of the problems aregone but I believe in id/saber, they have to hit a very high bar to satisfy everyone and so far they've been doing a good job at getting there.5. In conclusion / tl;drI love Q:C. It's a breath of fresh air among recent shallow multiplayer FPS titles that brings back and rewards skillful play. It may be rough around the edges occasionally, but it improves with every update and evenfor Early Access (and the closed betas before), I've had an absolute blast playing and watching the game."
,Recommended,611500,34534371,Posted: 27 August,all,BlackJackRatso,"The most important part is the best part so far. The rest needs work.Pros:- Gameplay is solid. They didn't stray to far off of the previous quakes in terms of gun play. The abilities do mix things up but a well aimed rocket is just as effective as any ability.- All the graphic options we'd expect from this series are there. While things do look great maxed out odds are like most quake players you'll end up setting everything to low and maxing out the POV to 140.- The tutorials are actually linked to youtube. This means less space used on your computer and the actual playing parts of the single tutorial in there isn't to bad.Neutral:- With being early access safe to say it feels like there needs to be some balancing done. Little things like with the railgun ,for the time it takes to charge the damage boost is hardly worth it.Cons- Anything that isn't directly involved with the gameplay itself boils down to spend more money. Sure you can unlock a lot of things through normal gameplay but even a couple hours in I'm already getting duplicate items and the selling price is so low you can't really get anything else in return. Also with there being already so much content being shoved in here the odds of getting what you want randomly looks laughable.- I'm still having some lobby lock ups to the point where I have to exit the game.Food for thought- A sandbox mode would be fantastic. It would be very nice to have some time in an empty arena (possibly with bots) to practice some rocket jumps or just learn the maps in general without the stress of an actual match going on.- For the older fans of the series. Having the option to add some ""classic mode"" features would be nice. Like an option to turn off the class features and have the characters be nothing more than skins again.- Some ""fun"" custom match options would be nice as well. Like gauntlet only servers instead of strict catering to the e-sports crowd.In all, it's still early access. Odds are they're going to want to get as much money as they can from this. But for now I do recommend it and I'll just be hopeful that actually put some thought and care into this. As things go along I'll update the review."
,Recommended,611500,34535485,Posted: 27 August,all,Reaper,As the dictionary says:power/ˈpaʊ ər/noun1. Having Quad Damage and Lightning Gun on hands.
,Recommended,611500,34564150,Posted: 28 August,all,Mr NoFacee,i quit overwatch and my other games for this beautiful game welcome back in my life quake (I love you)
,Recommended,611500,34432463,Posted: 23 August,all,zlr,"Game will be great once the netcode and bugs are fixed.Since the very early beta stages there have been a steady stream of improvements every update. If they keep going at this rate the game will be very good on release. Need to keep in mind this is still early access, and you don't have to pay to play. It's F2P using the bethesda launcher app and will be F2P on steam on release.UPDATE: After reading some articles and watching some videos, here are some things to look forward to:- Capture the flag mode (I'm most excited about this!)- Custom games where you can play with 'classic' gameplay I.E. no abilities, just regular quake- Ranked competitive matchmaking- More graphics & customisation options such as editing the HUD (crosshairs, etc)- Reduced upload bandwidth once they turn off the extra beta debugging information that gets sent from the client to the server- More high prize money tournaments after Quakecon 2017 if you want to seriously compete in the game (confirmed via idsoftware on youtube)"
,Not Recommended,611500,34749329,Posted: 4 September,all,eksha,"Date: 5th september, 2017Pros:+ Arena FPS is back to mainstream+ Skill > everything else like in any Quake, but it's easier than ever to pick up the game for newcomers+ Has some great maps, gameplay-wise and visually+ Champions has proven to be an interesting addition to the core gameplay of Quake, mixing different movement styles and  abilities in one game.Cons:- Horrible netcode and hit registration, absolute worst I've ever seen in an FPS. If you think CSGO was bad, you're in for a treat. You'll enjoy getting hit behind walls, zero damage direct rocket hits, leading nailgun shots a few meters off the target in close range fights and more stupid ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that shouldn't happen in a game of this caliber, especially if it tries to sell itself as an 'esport'- Horrible optimization and performance, you really need a powerful PC to run this game at decent framerates without any stuttering/freezing. Very CPU-bound performance, also it hates slow HDDs. Mouse feels delayed and floaty at the same FPS compared to Quake Live.- Too much visual noise and distractions even at the lowest settings. Hard to see what's going on behind all the explosions, LG sparks and what not. Forced FXAA you can't turn off. 4:3 aspect ratio is broken in menus- Very limited number of client settings, can't even change the crosshair- Champion balance issues. Some champions are just objectively better than othersVerdict: not recommended at this point unless you're a diehard fan of arena shooters/Quake. Save yourself the nerves and wait until the devs fix it. If you're really dying for it, just get the F2P version atbethesda.net."
,Recommended,611500,34462997,Posted: 24 August,all,MurrFukcingPurr,"Please, devs, make bots with (or without) tiers like in Quake 3 Arena!"
,Not Recommended,611500,34863959,Posted: 10 September,all,bsod,"As much as I love this game, I can't recommend it in its current state, not for $29.99. If you aren't a huge Quake fan you probably shouldn't buy this game until it improves.The gameplay itself is fantastic. Every other big name FPS released this year can't even come close. It's Quake. The multiple characters provide you with a choice between several movement styles and don't force you into playing a specific role; every character plays the same for the most part. This game is not a hero shooter. I wouldn't even call it class-based. There are some active abilities that I'm not fond of, but the passive abilities add a lot to the game in my opinion.While the gameplay itself is fast and fluid, actually getting into a game is slow and tedious. The only way to join a match is through matchmaking. The general flow of game goes something like this:Click ""Find Match"" and select gamemodesWait for match (~3 minutes on average for me, starting to get longer)Find match, load into matchGet greeted with a screen that lists players in the server and those still loading in, wait ~25 secondsWatch 15 second cutscene of players standing a line for some reason1 minute of warmup timeGame starts, 10 minutes of actionGame ends, win/lose message displays for 10 seconds or soEnding cutscene showing top 3 players, ~25 secondsScoreboard finally shows up, you can press esc to exit nowLoad back into menuClick through all the XP screens and popupsDecline rematch since it usually fails or bugs out anywayRepeatIt feels like constant red lights on a 70mph road. Why not let players play warmup immediately after joining a server? Why not keep the players in the server after each match? Why can't I skip the stupid cutscenes? Why not present the rematch vote during the ridiculously long ending sequence? It's so obnoxiously tedious and ineffecient that I'm usually sick of it after 3 matches or so. Close to 50% of time in-game is spent in menus and cutscenes. It's horribly, horribly structured.The servers/hitreg/network/whatever is subpar, even by 2017 standards. I'm skeptical of whether or not this can actually be fixed to an acceptable degree. I think this will be the determining factor of whether long-time Quake players stick with the game or migrate elsewhere.Quake Champions likes to crash a lot, too. There are several different memory leaks right now apparently. I can get through 1 match without much stuttering, if I try to play more than 2 games in a row I usually crash during the 3rd match. The game is still very much in beta, so be aware.Steamworks integration is almost nonexistent. The in-game friend and invite system is completely seperate, people you play with don't show up in the recent players window. There is currently no way to chat with other players unless you're in the same lobby.Duel is a joke. I've tried to give it a fair chance, I really have. A three frag limit is just not fun. It places too much emphasis on each life; one unlucky spawn will usually result in a lost round, especially since each round lasts only 5 minutes and regaining the upper hand against a skilled opponent is difficult enough in a standard 10 minute duel. The differing health and armor amounts for each character can feel like a real hindrance in this mode, too. Combine all this with a larger emphasis on active abilities and the whole mode just feels like a real mess. I'm sure someone out there likes it, but I sure don't.I don't like the stance the developers have taken in regards to how the game is presented. I don't mind cash shops or cosmetic items or anything like that, especially since this game was intended to be free-to-play. In short, the ""games as a service"" model in itself doesn't bother me.What I take issue with is the overly restrictive attitude they've applied to every other aspect of the game. Want to disable the obnoxious bloom effects that blind you everytime you fire LG? Too bad, no option for that in the settings menu, and the developers have recently stated they won't be adding that option because reasons. But no problem right? Just edit the config file instead. Oh wait, there isn't a straightforward way to do that, becauseeverything is deliberately obfuscated for no apparent reason. Something as simple (and essential) as capping your framerate is a massive hassle. There is no server browser, command console, config file, local matches, etc. If this game had been released a few years ago they'd be applying the same logic to adjustable FOV as well. If I didn't love this game so much I'd be eagerly anticipating its demise. I hope the developers have a change of heart soon, because this level of restriction and petty micromanagement will severely hurt the appeal and longevity of the game. This statement will probably annoy a lot of people, but compare the presentation of this game to that of CS:GO, which one feels like a more complete product?This game is a real diamond in the rough. It's really the only multiplayer FPS that I've genuinely liked in a really long time, so for me it was worth the price. I have my doubts that this game will ever reach its full potential. Even if the developers manage to fix the major issues and polish everything up nicely, the constant additions of new champions makes me wary. I'm even more doubtful that it'll attract new players after the way it was dumped onto Steam in such a state. It's supposedly going free-to-play by 2018, so I would hold off purchasing until then."
,Recommended,611500,34423586,Posted: 22 August,all,nick,ImpressiveExcellentExcellentQUAD DAMAGEExcellentExcellentExcellent
76561197964260033,Recommended,611500,34493523,Posted: 25 August,all,Goliath,"Not had this fun since q3 osp!The game needs time, there is bugs here and there.. but it's expected as it its early access and still being worked on, i have faith. Really want this quake to succeed.. Let's do it togheter folks. :>New quake, that feel like QUAKE. :)"
76561198091052979,Not Recommended,611500,34478756,Posted: 25 August,all,Frenzyhero,"Played a lot in the closed beta, got in the 2nd week they sent keys. Few things to note.NOTE-DO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYNO MATTER HOW INTERESTED YOU AREI CANNOT STRESS HOW BAD THIS NETCODE IS.It literally renders the game unplayable. Even Google Fiber will severely struggle with this game. Every tiny possible nugget of good the game could have, will be completely moot. You will have no satisfaction from the game even with the best Internet the United States can offer. Until this is fixed, the game is a complete waste of money. This is arguably the worst netcode to ever be released from any AAA developer. Whatever they did, it's a complete ♥♥♥♥ing mess. Q2Test ran smoother than this. This makes the game an abomination unfit to wear the Quake name.I keep playing and playing, and I kept telling myself it's just my Internet, so when I finally stop over at a friend's home with Fiber, you can imagine how surprised I am to see the game continues to run like total♥♥♥♥♥♥If they can make the game not run like♥♥♥♥♥ then it's a good game. But do not buy before you try.I can 100% guarantee you this netcode will kill the game.Anyway, onto the features.1- It's F2P first. Champs are available for 24hr rental using in-game currency, and Ranger is the default, available to anybody at any time, to play as much as you want, on any map and any mode. Ranger's strong, and will be very familiar to anybody that's got any time in Quake Live. The rental time is real time, not in-game time, and it's priced fair enough that if you're decent at the game, you should be able to rent a hero each day using the challenge system (things like hit X number of consecutive railgun shots). Launching for free through Steam will be available upon full release. You can also permanently purchase any hero you want using real money, in case you like a hero, but don't care about the others enough to spend $30+ on all of them.2- The Champions pack ensures you have all future champions at no extra cost. Vanity items not included, and can be unlocked through Loot Chests (which can be purchased with in-game currency or real money), or purchased outright with real money. Most other cosmetics can be obtained through shards, which are generated from duplicates (like Overwatch's loot system).3- Basically, the tick rate=your FPS. This is great for LAN play, but awful for an average person. If you're having stuttering, usually capping your FPS with something like Rivatuner helps. Connection has been consistently improved though, so it's worth keeping an eye on. But RIGHT NOW, if your connection isn't good, I wouldn't recommend buying. ***And as I said above, despite ""improvements"", it's still unplayable. Maybe if you work at NASA, then I can recommend it.***4- It's Quake, not Overwatch. Despite surface similarities they play completely different. The difficulty curve still exists and is arguably steeper since the addition of abilities creating a metagame in Duel, and making counterplay and counterpicking important (but having X hero vs Y isn't going to guarantee a win like in some other class-based shooters).5- There's no Clan Arena, Freeze Tag, Capture the Flag, or server browser yet. CTF is confirmed to be coming though. What a waste of a game mode compared to Freeze Tag, imo. Sacrifice is so similar.I can't recommend this because as I said above, anything the game does right is pointless because of how awful the netcode is."
,Recommended,611500,34493072,Posted: 25 August,all,alphaTux,"It's like playing back in '99 with some nice new features and new graphics.Finally there is a game that does not want to be mainstream and keeps up to what was great back then, not forgetting to be still new and fresh.Didn't play much here on steam yet, but was long in beta.tl dr: old fans will like it for sure, newcomers need to be open for a real arena shooter, that kicks you right in your face, just because you are not good in aim and maps knowledge.If I had morte than 2 thumbs, all of them up."
,Recommended,611500,34428122,Posted: 22 August,all,syk9ssss,I'm bad and I'm enjoying it
76561198003570750,Recommended,611500,34529440,Posted: 27 August,all,Deadlock,"Let me start of by saying that Quake 3 Arena is my favourite game of all time, played it for about 10 years, probably more hours logged into it than all my Steam games combined.I guess it's needless to say that my (and probably the whole Quake community's) expectations for a new Quake game are very high. So does QC meet the expectations? I think it does. It's just... a lot fun!ID Software tries to combine old school FPS with elements of modern class/hero based shooters. Every champion has it's own stats (hp, armor, movement speed, hitbox size) and abilities. I'm not a fan of pure class based FPS like Team Fortress 2, because I prefer that players have equal chances from the start (so your chance sof winning  are mostly determined by player skill instead of a class based advantage) and players should not be forced to one specific role for the whole game (e.g., if you are playing a supporting role and the rest of the team fails to do their part, the whole effort feels useless).This made me worried about QC when I heard they were introducing champions, but in the end your aiming and dodging skills will still be the biggest factor in the outcome of a fight. Every champion feels unique and some are better than others in certain situations (Nyx's invisibility is great for ambushes/panic escapes, Scalebearer's charge is a near guaranteed kill in tight corridors), but that's fine. It makes gameplay feel more dynamic, because the abilities and stat differences introduce new variables you need to deal with in your gun fights: Picking up a Quad Damage is never safe, because there might be a Nyx or Ranger lurking around to ambush you; you need to keep your distance from Scalebearer and Sorlag, because their abilities can easily kill you from close range, while Anarki or Slash can easily be taken care of with a point blank shotgun.I mostly play Anarki, because I enjoy his fast CPMA style strafe jump movement and insane air control. To balance for his movement speed and small hitbox, Anarki starts of with only 75 HP and 25 armor (instead of 100/25 or even 150/50 for tanky Sorlag). The other champions are fun to play as well, but I feel Anarki fits my play style best and I'm sure everyone will find their favourite. I'm excited to see which new ones will be added to the roster and I've heard rumours about Klesk, Uriel, Orbb and even Commander Keen.The latest patch added 2 new maps, which was a very welcome update, bringing the total to 8 maps (2 exclusively for Duel). Tempest Shrine and Church of Azathoth look great, but they are so much bigger than the other maps that they feel pretty empty, even with a full 8 player DM game. I feel that 10 or even 12 players might be better suited.The guns feel really familiar and the alternate models for the rocket launcher, railgun and machine gun add some nice nostalgic value. The only weapon I feel isn't worth picking up is the Tribolt, which was already buffed in an earlier patch. The delay between shooting three bolts and the relatively high damage explosions are too hard to get right and usage is very situational. A similar area control weapon like the Grenade Launcher from Quake 3 is just more fun to use, if only for the sound effect.I'm not sure how I feel about the new Sacrifice game mode yet. It can be fun, but mostly feels like a TDM game with an added objective. I prefer plain old Death Match for now, because Duel is a bit too intense for my taste. I really hope a new team mode such as CTF or even Freeze Tag will be added later on. And instagib of course!The community is not as big as I hoped it would be (1k-2k Steam users on a daily bases according to SteamDB, but it seems to be growing - but compare that to 500k for PUBG), which can lead to queue times of over a minute for a simple Death Match game. The latest patch introduced a rematch vote, but that only seems to work half of the time.There are some technical issues, such as upload rate tied to FPS (which puts low bandwidth player in trouble), direct rocket hits not registering at all, weird hitboxes, but I'm sure ID/Saber will fix them before leaving Early Access.Overall, to me it looks like Quake, it feels like Quake, so Quake Champions is what I will be playing. A lot."
,Recommended,611500,34422959,Posted: 22 August,all,Moody,"Quake Champions is not just named Quake it is Quake 3 Arena at its core. The Champions are a nice twist you have to like but people can't complain that this isn't a Arena Shooter. The game look gorgeous and still plays well on my AMD HD Radeon 6970. The gameplay is a lot of fun even though the netcode is riddled with bugs in the EA-Phase. I've played countless of hours in the beta-phase already and I'm sure the game is on the right path. I can totally recommend this game, especially if you're not easily scared away by better players. Keep fragging!PS: I still wait for Server Browser and Mod-Support though... Instagib, Clan Arena and Defrag would come with it."
,Not Recommended,611500,34819176,Posted: 8 September,all,Gauntlet God,"although I'm new to quake I love it, but I wouldn't recommend this quake until they've ironed out most issues.Quake champions feel iffy with weird hit reg (noticed it mostly with the RG and RL the most) where most shots don't miss that should've hit and I'm not talking about shots that you could've hit but the ones you've seen shots clearly hit but hear no hitsound.another thing is matchmaking. No one wants to be put in a lobby with someone on the other team that has played quake from day one and destroys the other team or have half your team leave for no one to join back. I am well aware that matchmaking will be coming at the end of this year but with how the lobby system works i cant seem to enjoy the game when theres two people that feed the other team or the guy in DM is just a god.I can see this game throwing arena shoots back into the mainstream but pushing it as an esport and letting leagues support this game at its current state is a crime to me. poor FPS, bad net-code and unbalanced champions.The only improvements I can see be made at the current moment are these:- Crosshair customistion- More client side settings with a working cosole- Servers that people can customise although we seem to be heading to a more streamlined matchmaker which is ok but options are nice.- DAMAGE BATCHING. i dont want to focus on adding up a bunch of 7's or a direct rocket and some more while trying to kill the other enemy.- Netcode fixes"
,Recommended,611500,34525147,Posted: 27 August,all,Love,">Joins game>Plays for a bit>One of the players on the enemy team types in chat>""THIS GAME IS SO BALANCED GREAT GAME FOR NEW COMMUNITY"">Starts killing himself>Suiciding loses points for your team>Win game 47 to 0whathttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1121270346"
76561197982306173,Not Recommended,611500,34858493,Posted: 10 September,all,Berjj,"Quake Champions ""Feels"" right the same way DOOM does. The sounds, impacts and movement just has that ""oomph"" to it. The maps are of varied quality, but the community mostly seems to vote for the descent ones. Quake is back and I don't need to tell you why that is good.Unfortunately at this time I cannot recommend this game due to a few reasons:- Netcode: The netcode in this game is the worst I have EVER come across. Sometimes your shots won't deal full damage (Point blank shotgun for 4dmg?) or simply won't deal damage at all. For some reason, shooting someone in the air with a rocket deals the least consistent damage and only  about half (I am not exaggerating this one bit) of my hits actually register! It is absolutely infuriating when you ambush someone carrying the Quad, hit them with 2 rockets in the back that deal zero damage only to have them turn around and burn you to ashes with the lightning gun in .1 second.- Balance: Some of the champions are just objectively better than others (Some people actually make fun of you if you play Sorlag) and the lightning gun deals ludicrous amounts of damage despite being the easiest weapon to use.- Performance: I'm running a GTX980 with 16GB of RAM and i7-6700K. The game runs smooth of silk for the first 3 matches, but then at match 4 it starts to stutter and progressively gets worse until it is barely playable at match 7 and the game needs to be restarted. I had this experience when playing the closed BETA as well but it has become significantly worse since then.- Achievements and runes that won't work: The game has lootboxes. Every shooter since overwatch seems to have them. You earn them by levelling up or by purchasing them for curency. Curency can be earned by simply playing, completing daily challenges or rune challanges. Rune challenges are unique to each character and may consist of winning 10 DM games, using your character's ability 100 times or killing 50 people with rockets. Unfortunately these don't always work and despite killing about 18 people with rockets in my first game, the rune only registered 1 kill.I'm sure these will be fixed down the line before the game leaves early access, but as it stands, Quake Champions is just not worth it. I'm really looking forward to how it develops but for now you are better off without it."
,Not Recommended,611500,34813901,Posted: 8 September,all,Malka,"I'm a long time Quake player.  I actually remember downloading qtest long ago.  I was a member of RB, we won the T2 ClanRing tournament.  Some of our noteable members include Froggy, Atari, Fo0k and Y0.  Several of us moved on to game development.  In RB, I competed under the name, ""Anub1s.""  This current iteration of Quake has major problems.  Honestly, I purchased Quake Champions because... (1) I've always loved the franchise... and (2) Adam Pyle is a standup kinda guy and I wanted to show my financial support.  But, every day, I struggle to decide if I want to keep playing this game.  I can't figure out if I'm an optimist or just a mascohist.What are the problems with Quake Champions?  The net code is incredibly frustrating.  Some of the problems relate to lag compensation... dsync... and others relate, imho, to hit boxes.  Hit boxes should be changed to capsule shaped.  Currently, they are nearly model tight.  Model tight works in military sims with sniper rifles and elaborate worlds, but not of a game of the current genre.  Quake has always been a quick twitch game.  Anyway, the net code... while playing the game you will experience weapons such as the rocket launcher doing 0 or 1 damage.  It's even worse against specific champions.  It happens A LOT.  You will also experience rails hitting you while you're around a corner. You will die from shots while you're on the other side of a portal.  I could go on and on.  There are also ongoing memory leaks with the game.What are the positives?  Well, the visual aesthetics are very cool.  The company has revisited the gothic Lovecraftian vibe again.  For the most part, the maps are well designed.  Some people hate the atmospheric music, but I thought Chris Vrenna from NIN fame did an awesome job.  If the company ever sorts out the network code and hit box nonsense this game could be special.  As of right now, I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,611500,34452791,Posted: 23 August,all,RetriButioN,"MAJOR WARNING:Datacapped users beware, every major update will be11 GB+of download (now and in the future). Their data structure is a mess that doesn't work well with delta updating, you're practically forced to redownload the entire game over again with every major update that they push.As there are no plans to change this, this review will stay ""not recommended"" indefinitely.UPDATE: They have slightly reduced upload (back to pre-steam amount) but netcode is still utter garbage. The game is borderline unplayable in its current state due to broken hitreg, teleporting players, constant dcs and unstable servers. Again, will update review if/when the critical issues are fixed.I'm leaving this review as a temporary warning that netcode issues have NOT been fixed yet, will update once they have been resolved. But currently,the game is utterly unplayable due to requiring massive UPLOAD bandwidth, causing lag, time-outs and disconnections.For more information, read this Reddit thread:https://www.reddit.com/r/QuakeChampions/comments/6azgkk/psa_upload_is_tied_to_fps_causing_massive_lag/Therefore, I cannot recommend this game in its current state. Do NOT purchase if your Network UPLOAD Bandwidth is less than ~50 KB/s (or 0.5 Mbps)."
,Recommended,611500,34424995,Posted: 22 August,all,Usurper,"Quake is back, when the announcement trailer came out like many others I was skeptical. I was concerned that ID had lost the plot and were going to turn Quake into a MOBA and losing the essence of the run and gun, skill based challenge of the Quake series.After many hours of Closed Beta, I'm glad that they haven't gone down this route and have instead tried to add more modern game play mechanics and team based composition and synergy to the old formula.Pros:Still feels like QuakeAs of EA launch a very well designed tutorial is in the gamesound design and visuals are excellentthere's a community in existence alreadya lot of bugs and problems in beta have been fixednewb friendlyCons:Balancing still needs slight tweaksNo Orbbnot enough options and customizability (but I'm sure it's coming)A pretty solid start for the state of the game right now and I look forward to following it's journey to release."
,Recommended,611500,34740578,Posted: 4 September,all,AlfredWallace,"Just AWESOME, GREAT!Here is my new favorite FPS for a while I think.PS: Require a good hardware and a tiny ping if you want a great experience."
,Recommended,611500,34439820,Posted: 23 August,all,(Shadow),"I've played this a lot during the closed beta, in all my hours played I was first skeptical due to the whole champion stuff, but in it's core it still plays like Quake, and this is coming from someone who grew up playing quake from the begnning of the series.Yes the champions have abilties, but they really take a backseat, they do come into play but most of the time you'll be relying on your aim rather than your abilities to save you.It's a fun and fast frantic game, still rough around the edges with many things to be ironed out still, but given enough time, this has a chance to be a great addition to the Quake Franchise.I thought it was going to be garbage but then a friend gave me a key for the closed beta and I gave it a chance, to my surprise it became real fun real fast.Don't knock it til you try it, if you are skeptical like I was, you might be pleasently surprised.The game IS FREE, but on steam you do have to buy the character pack for early access. not everyone plays on steam though, some people use the bethesda launcher to play for free right now too. But on steam, buying the champions pack is the only way to play the early access on steam, on the flipside you get all current champions + all future ones."
,Recommended,611500,34522125,Posted: 26 August,all,Nokterian,"I've played the game since alpha through bethesda launcher now it is on steam i can say this game is Quake.The champions and there abilities are not game breaking, there useful for that moment it doesn't overflow other things.That being said i can recommend it because it looks great, still lots of bugs to be fixed like match making and netcode, but overal it runs fantastic on my Ryzen and GTX videocard."
76561198056527648,Recommended,611500,34467337,Posted: 24 August,all,Laazarus,"Even as a player new to the Quake franchise (having started in the beta of QC), I can still safely say that this is quite a bit of fun. While it may have a high learning curve, once you get more familiar with it, it becomes a great deal of fun."
,Recommended,611500,34423639,Posted: 22 August,all,Patrol1985,"The legend is back :) Quake Champions is a superb combination of old and known arena shooter concepts with innovations such as varying characters with unique individual abilities. Don't get tricked though - it's still a fast, skill-based game relying on movement, aim and map control. If there is one title which can put some life into the rather forgotten genre of arena shooters, it's definitely Quake Champions!"
,Recommended,611500,34423561,Posted: 22 August,all,Kyuri,"Has room for improvement as of current but stays close to the original concept and brings it to 2017 with shiny new graphics.All microtransactions apart from the character are completely cosmetic.I believe this game will be fantastic after some updates, lives up to the previous quakes.edit: After playing a bit more, I realised that the hitreg is so sub-par that several weapons do not function properly, most noticably projectile based weapons. There have been times where rockets either fly through the person i am shooting at, or have hit the person, played the effect, and dealt no damage.The player base is also underwhelming due to the dodgy launch by bethesda and the seeming decline of arena based shooters.I love quake, I really want it to be a good game, but due to it being built on something other than the id engine, it feels like laziness and bethesda being cheap.If this was built on the same tech as DOOM, I believe this would have been a fantastic game however it feels a bit like a mess at the moment."
76561198017397830,Recommended,611500,34505533,Posted: 26 August,all,PelsVest,"Overall a very good and fun gameOnly improvement areas to note:-Need a CTF game mode-Need pickup free game modes, like clan area + remake of RA maps-Needs Remake of more classic maps-More customization options like rail color, crosshairs, weapon shaders for alternative models etcBut still Early access, so hope ID will add this in the future"
,Recommended,611500,34453852,Posted: 23 August,all,The Joker,"After playing closed Beta and a bit of Early Access I can safely say that it is good old Quake. ""Champions"" stuff does not make one stronger or weaker, at least on the battlefield, even if the stats say otherwise. Gameplay is still that fun ""see someone - shoot someone, while trying to not get shot by someone else"". id Proved last year that they can create amazing, a bit modernized but still oldschool singleplayer shooter, now they do the same with multiplayer shooter.If you love Quake, buy it or get it for free on Bethesda Launcher if you already played it in closed beta."
,Recommended,611500,34432684,Posted: 23 August,all,[ A E ] WinD,"Destroys all of the negativity and perception of what the game would be like at the E3 announcement last year. I have been testing since the first CBT 1 test and playing non-stop. Played in the NA sacrifice qualifiers and will be attending quakecon. Currently ranked third in NA for ESL duel ladder - I have put a ton of time into Quake Champion literally non stop for over 4 months. I bought the darn DXRACER Quake Edtion chair that just came out.This is Quake for the modern era but more importantly this is Quake.OWNING THE FPS GENRE SINCE 1996Get it in Early Access - it's worth the 29.99 and then some. If you want to wait for the release and play F2P that is fine, just know you will have quite a bit of grinding for champion unlocks or using in game / real currency for said unlocks.Replayability with this update is insane thanks to finding lore for each character around maps along with runes within backpacks that are rune trials which lead to special shaders and eventually a master skin for each character and master shader, avatar and nameplate.Stop reading - go buy it - Frag on.- WinD"
76561198053830380,Recommended,611500,34424388,Posted: 22 August,all,Splash,"It is my first quake and I really do enjoy it!It is clearly not easy to master... I started playing the beta and I was dying a lot. But I was curious to learn and interested by the game. After a while and practicing a lot, I can say that I love it!The movement on the maps, switching weapon to finish an opponent.. Once we know and control the game better it became so interesting and intense.PLay the game, practice, look at some videos (actually helped me a lot) and enjoy it.Do not forget that it is in an early access game so far but the beta was great!"
,Recommended,611500,34512241,Posted: 26 August,all,Kaiser Ducky,"•Strafe jumping and rocket jumping•Super fast-paced gameplay•People getting fragged every 2 seconds•No loadouts... you have to find and pick up all the good weapons•Classic Quake weapons•You'll often get knocked off the edge by someone's Lightning Gun, counting as a suicideIf this isn't Quake, then what the ♥♥♥♥ is?!On another note: my average wait time to find a match is about 20-40 seconds. Sometimes a little longer, but I've never had to wait a full minute."
,Recommended,611500,34550406,Posted: 28 August,all,apoisonedgift,"I've been a Quake fan since 1997 when I first played Quake 1. Quake was what got me into gaming... when they announced the new Quake was going to have champions... I was cautiously optimistic.Long storey short - this game is amazing. It's the perfect way to bring quake to a modern audience. There's a HUGE skill ceiling, and it might take a little bit of perseverence for new players (as you will likely get stomped a lot), but stick with it and it is one of, if not the most, rewarding shooters out there. Look forward to seeing how it goes in the future :)"
,Recommended,611500,34785827,Posted: 6 September,all,Xytaglyph,Do I recommend this game?For the general gaming populus: Yes.For seasoned Quake or AFPS Players: No.Pros for newer players:+Ease of Access for newer players+Dumbed down mechanics which are easier to learn+Higher emphasis on Aim skill than item control+Sacrifice mode is pretty goodCons for seasoned players:-Dumbed down mechanics which require less skill and practice to execute-Higher emphasis on Aim skill than item control reducing impact of strategy vs aim+positioning-Very low TTK on many Champions-Increased Damage while Zoomed mechanic-Speed Caps-Increased rate that armor and health decay over the soft cap-Longer Armor/Health respawn times-Odd health bubble mechanic-Poor netcode
,Recommended,611500,34567862,Posted: 28 August,all,Yee,"If you are a fan of the older Quake games, then you'll probably like this. I've only played for about an hour and I feel completely swamped by the competition, like to the point that I don't even want to play because just getting one kill feels like an enourmous feat. I never had this problem with other fps games, even stuff like tribes 2 and tribes ascend where you have to shoot people while both of you are flying through the air at high speeds.I'm not gonna say it's a bad game since I don't have much time spent in the game, but I'm mainly writing this as a warning to those that are new to the Quake series. It will be brutal, and you will get mad. I don't know how much of it has to do with the fact that the game isn't finished and how much it has to do with how much I suck♥♥♥♥♥at Quake, but god ♥♥♥♥ing damn it's hard..."
,Recommended,611500,34564135,Posted: 28 August,all,GROSS,Future classics
,Recommended,611500,34439048,Posted: 23 August,all,Zhiver,"I'm going to be brutally honest, as someone who has spent more than 50 hours in the closed beta and is deeply passionate about Quake:If you're a Q3/QL vet and Duel is you main gamemode, this is a good buy. The new best-of-5 Duel format using the champion pool is a refreshing twist on the decade old formula, the new versions of classic maps (dm6, tourney3) are absolutely gorgeous and have a couple minor interesting design/balance changes. It's only missing a ranked/ladder system and tighter matchmaking to be perfect.If you're new to Quake or look only to play casually in deathmatch/team modes, I'd tell you to hold on to your money, wait for the f2p version. Right now the new player experience is really poor, there are very few gamemodes and the matchmaking for teams is very unbalanced.Also there are some technical issues which I HOPE they will fix during EA but I'm putting them out there so people know:-The netcode is wonky, I've noticed that with more than ~80 ping direct projectile hits that do 0 damage are extremely frustrating, also you need at least 1mb upload to not get hiccups/disconnected for some god damn reason.-The engine is ""designed"" to work at 120fps, if your framerate drops below that, even if you play on a 60hz monitor, the game starts feeling less fluid."
76561198048546356,Recommended,611500,34534865,Posted: 27 August,all,se7en.2006,"It's early days, but this Quake game could live upto the hype. I haven't had this much fun in a game for a very long time, and as a Q2, Q3 CTF player, it's just like the good old days.Frantic, mahem, lucky rail gun shot, it's all flooding back to me now."
76561198032349186,Recommended,611500,34915887,Posted: 13 September,all,Odin,"I was 8.Got Quake 3 Arena (Q3A) for x-mas. Much wow very happy kiddo.Blasting people's faces off with rocket launchers bunny jumping in the speed of light while doing 360 railgun hits, blood splashing everywhere, discriminating someone with a gauntlet and hearing the amazing voiceovers, like humiliation <3The teen years came and I faded away from Quake, sadly, often thinking back on the good times I had in that ******* beautiful game.Hadn't heard of Quake Champions, until a friend told me about QuakeCon and I looked it up, and hey, there it was, a new 2017 Quake!I bought it straight away, and I am again blowing people's faces off, well, when the hits actually register which is... total RNG with the current ♥♥♥♥♥♥ netcode.EDIT: They just did a huge 11.1 GB patch with the netcode fixes amongst other things that you can see in the October patch notes! Awesome!10/10 would buy to blast faces again.Quake is love.Quake is life."
,Recommended,611500,34426450,Posted: 22 August,all,Volomus,This definitely brings back some good times and still continues to do so. I highly recommend this game!
,Recommended,611500,34469818,Posted: 24 August,all,|FA| ZEEP,"*Edit* I have played QC since the beta so i have a lot more hours than shown here in Steam.This is an amazing arena shooter. It feels like Quake all over again.Pro:Speed, movement, weapons and Physics are spot on. If you played Quake 1,2 or 3 Arena, you'll feel in control from the start.Apart from the normal fighting action each character has different abilities (double jump, teleport, spells etc) and this adds extra depth to the gameplay. I had my doubts beforehand, but it's fun.Weapons feel and sound good. Some shooting sounds could be louder in my opinion. One beloved weapon that's missing, the Grenade Launcher.Con:The thing i absolutely hate is Matchmaking.All Quake games have a Server Browser where you select a server to play on, hit Connect, and Bam! You're in-game.This is no more. Once in QC's main menu you click Play, choose a gametype, and then your waiting journey begins. Grab a book or phone, you will be spending a lot of time here. QC is all about waiting for matches to start.Waiting to find a game.Waiting to connect to the game.Waiting for other players.Waiting for the characters short intro movie.And again it's Slow, SLOOOOOW.But listen. Take all the waiting like a man, because once in-game, it's exciting, fast, tactical and everything we love about Quake.Performance:Quake Champions performance on my mid range / old pc is fine.  (i7-3770K , GTX 970)"
,Recommended,611500,34440461,Posted: 23 August,all,BCaulfield,"I got my first PC when I was 4 y.o. My very first game I've ever played was Q3A. It is the Quake I have been waiting for 16 years. This review will be updated as much as I play it more.PROS:+Even it's on early access, optimization is good. If they tweak a bit it'll feel perfectly fine.+HUD in game is great. No need to tell more really.+Choosing server for where you can find lowest ping system.+Decent loot system. Not the best but fits to Quake.+Challenges, runes, lore scrolls are really giving you what you deserve.+When you play as Doom Slayer, if you use his ability, Berserker, At the Doom's Gate (E1M1 of reboot) starts to play. ♥♥♥♥ YES!CONS:-Maybe it's just me but it felt a little slower after Q3A and DOOM (2016 reboot).-Finding a match is a nightmare. I could only play 2 matches within 1 hour. And there's lots of a-holes to not accepting matches.-Rocker Launcher and Railgun is way too OP while Machine Gun and Shotgun is needs buff.-Musics are boring. If SonicMayhem did those, what a pity. I love his works for Q2 and DXMD.-Changing weapons with scroll wheel is slow. Yes that's really bothered me a lot.-*sigh* I'm sorry but Slash is too cringy. I just wanted you to know...What needs to be added:*High speed and without ""special powers"" game mode. Pure Quake.*More graphic settings might be. For better tweaking ofc.Edit: I seriously don't know what to feel. This isn't the same Quake I have been waiting for 16 years. Why every damn FPS' has to compete with Overwatch? Why did you even considered to make it class-based FPS? I am dissapointed really, I had to refund it. My heart is really broken. 16 goddamn years for nothing. At least Clutch is fast so you can MAYBE feel like old Quake. Go play DOOM's MP everyone. It's better than this. I'm not going to change my review to negative, I can't do that to id software, but who the fucc gave ""class-based"" idea to Quake, I hope you die."
,Not Recommended,611500,34775886,Posted: 6 September,all,Tonkow,"This is a very fun and a nostalgic game, but with the♥♥♥♥♥♥tier matchmaking it's nearly impossible for newcomers to play and have fun. Don't buy this game until they patch it or if youre really good at quake."
,Not Recommended,611500,34554002,Posted: 28 August,all,Nyantez,"Netcode is pretty average. Hitting rails and direct rockets doesn't register from time to time, and throw in some broken hitboxes on a few characters and you got frustration. Game also stutters quite a lot leading to your mouse trying to compensate for the lost frames, which is just an awful feeling in an arena shooter where you're trying to mix high speed and flick shots together. I'm having these issues on a pretty decent rig on all low and even in 4:3.I would try it out if you really want to play, because it's still pretty much like old school Quake and has potential to be a great game, but if you're having the same performance issues as many of us do I'd get a refund and wait until it's polished."
76561197987881545,Not Recommended,611500,34622004,Posted: 30 August,all,beat0n,"After more time with the game I dont think it is worth getting at this time for a couple of reasons.#1 - no competitive MM yet. you can solo que into a team of beginners  vs a stacked pro team.#2 - Horrible optimization. On my rig, i7 3770k, GTX 1080, 16 gig ram, ssd I get the same FPS on 1080p with everything on ultra that I get on 800x600 and everything on low. how does that even make sense. I get aroun 110 fps with drops to 70-80 every now and then.#3 - Bad netcode. Direct rockets doing 0 dmg. Its a general♥♥♥♥♥♥show.#4 - These dumb ♥♥♥♥ing overpowered abilitys. This game can literally go ♥♥♥♥ itself because whoever designed this♥♥♥♥♥♥was shot in the head and the ♥♥♥♥ed in the hole.Untill these issues are fixed I dont se any reason to play this game over Reflex Arena. wich is cheaper and fully functional without these silly issues."
,Recommended,611500,34465496,Posted: 24 August,all,Aurochs,"Good skill based arena shooter. Much less forgiving than a game like Overwatch. An individual's performance is significantly more important. I'm bad, but I still appreciate this. The movement options for the various Champions make getting around the map enjoyable. The combat itself is fun and satisfying.The Steam launch was kind of rough initially. I had trouble getting into games, long queue times, and latency in games. That seems to be better now, though."
76561198066673553,Recommended,611500,34424966,Posted: 22 August,all,Iron|666,"Quake Champions’ gameplay is excellent. It’s fast, frantic, and the constant action makes it instantly enjoyable and gratifying. This is a return of a 'great' that older fans will instantly love – and even younger players will almost certainly enjoy it, thanks to its incredible speed and competitive play."
76561198036645650,Recommended,611500,35091043,Posted: 20 September,all,Porkhammer,"I honestly cannot stop playing this game. It feels just like Quake 3 to me, but with upgraded visuals. I was a bit skeptical at first due to this whole ability thing, but they've made it work and even fit in the entire Quake universe - at least in my opinion. I dislike some of the weapon design;  like the railgun and the lightning gun - but luckily we are given the option to replace most of the weapon models with older versions of themselves from previous games, which is great. I'm liking the maps as well, but DM6 still holds a special place in my heart, so it remains a favourite.As for the game modes, there's the good ol' regular deathmatch (kill everything on sight), team deathmatch (kill everything on sight with buddies), duel (speaks for itself), and a new mode called ""sacrifice"" in which the objective is to grab a skull that they refer to as an ""obelisk"", take it to your base, and defend it against the enemy team until it has been sacrificed.I haven't touched sacrifice, kinda hoping for a capture the flag mode instead (something Tim Willits himself said that they'd look into), and while I'm not a huge fan of the new duel system (each player picks 3 champions that they will play, first one to eliminate all enemy champions wins - or kill one and survive until you hit the timelimit of 5 minutes I guess), it kinda works when you get the hang of it. The DM and TDM feels just right to me though.A nice little feature (that some people will care very little about, and others quite a lot - I myself find it a fun little aspect) - is that there's a lot of customization available for the champions and weapons. The champions all have different armor sets, that can also have their colors altered with armor shaders. These armor pieces and colors are unlocked with chests that you are rewarded with every level. Every 5 levels you are awarded a reliquary, the largest chest with maximum amount of rewards. You can also buy backpacks with the in-game currency ""favor"" that you get a small amount of after each match. The weapon color shaders only applies to the standard weapons. If you unlock a legendary weapon you will be unable to change its color. Not that I mind - they're legendary for a reason!On the topic of features - you can also unlock runes from the abovementioned backpacks. Each champion has different rune challenges that can be completed for each of the 4 gods - 10 challenges per god. It can be everything from getting 50 machinegun kills, to get ""denied"" medals against a specific champion. Once you completed a gods challenges, you will be rewarded with a unique armor shader. I find this a good feature as you will always have something to do in matches, even when losing badly. Focusing on these little missions will give the match more purpose. I find it an excellent addition. The separate challenges awards the player with stuff as well upon completion. Everything from favor to shards (another currency), backpacks, chests, and even reliquaries for the hardest challenges. In short, it's rewarding af.The visuals are good but a bit strange, I don't see much difference between high and low. Textures and shadows seems to make the biggest difference I guess. It runs well though. My setup is an i5 4570, 16gb's of RAM, and I've got a GTX960 with 4gb of memory - and the game runs remarkably smooth. I'm running most settings on low, but I recently increased texture quality to high, and antialiasing to medium - with no noticable difference to my fps. I'd say it's well-optimized, though I have seen a lot of complaints from people getting microstutters - something that is apparently caused by memory leaks, and can mostly be solved by restarting the game.While on the topic of issues, there are a couple of more of those. The netcode can be a bit sketchy sometimes, and rubberbanding occurs now and then. I personally seldomly suffer from it, but again, other people have complained about it. The hitboxes of the champions also need a little bit of work, something I believe they will adress in the coming patch.All in all it's an amazing game, especially for being in early access! I personally think the game will only get better from here. I can't wait to see what the future has in store for us quakers.I highly recommend this title to any Quake fan, young and old."
,Not Recommended,611500,35152750,Posted: 23 September,all,LaRZy,"6/10I'm still undecided about this, but the netcode for this game feels off to me, not as respoisve as Doom multiplayer at this point in time.The games assets and artwork and everything else though is incredibly well done including excellent audio and textures within the levels which have a great sense of place and atmosphere that is Quake like.I will update this review if my experience changes, but my recent experiences the netcode feels like playing on ice..The game needed Multiplayer CTF with gappling hooks, but I guess that ship sailed with Q2, but I think this was a missed oppertunity to bring back that game mode, instead of doing another overwatch variant of Quake3."
,Recommended,611500,34426014,Posted: 22 August,all,lus.tv,"Early Access:Gives you access to the game before it goes F2P. That's all you need to know.What you missed:The year+ Alpha and Beta testers (Quake Pros included) put into this game complaining about everything (literally everything) and continue to complain about everything until satisfaction.Alpha/Beta weren't rewarded with a nifty portrait at the least. D:Game:Skill-based Arena Shooter. Not your casual OW or Paladins. You will get demolished. Huge learning curve.Servers:Fortunately not Brink. lol.Gimmick that wont go:Each champion has a skill, but it just adds an extra element of skill needed. Base Quake game is there, they just need to work out the kinks here and there.Modes:Deathmatch (FFA), Team Deathmatch, Duel (1v1), Sacrifice, Ranked, Custom Game, TutorialStore:Loot boxes for cosmetics. Game will go F2P. Support the game.Additional InformationBethesda better listen to the Quake veterans and the Quake Pros.Rapha is the end-game."
,Not Recommended,611500,35144262,Posted: 22 September,all,Satoshi Nakamoto,"EDIT leaving negative review until something changes.Amazingly fun game, needs balances. Lightning gun pushes back WAYYY too much. Tri launcher is utterly useless, needs faster rate of fire/other buffs.MAIN ISSUE: FIX NETCODE"
,Recommended,611500,35093302,Posted: 20 September,all,DotEXE,"The award winning multiplayer “FPS-classic” Quake by ID Software is back with their fast paced, hardcore-feeling theme, made even better.In this game you will get tossed around, a lot thanks to old Quake-gods getting back in business. The difference from other games is that you willenjoygetting tossed around.Quake is like the older ones, same kind of game-genre, same speed, same theme and the same badass-feeling, you get the idea, Though it comes with a few adjustments in hope to bring us a newer audience. The game itself features an abundance of unique characters with their own special abilities and skills. They all fit your kind of play style. If you want to be a fast and dodgy junkie, a sneaky, invisible one or a bulkier kind of monster you’ve got them all here to fit your kind of style.Some may disagree but I find this game particularly intriguing due to the fact that you can customize your character the way you want, which gives you a feeling of having your own, unique character. The customization comes in different “skins” a.k.a “shaders” for your armor/characters which let you change the color or pattern. And also whole exchangeable parts from your armor, going from Head, Chest, Legs and Vanity items. Vanity items are a bit rarer to get, either you buy them with real money or you hope to get them in a Loot Box at a low percentage. Their idea of adding Loot Boxes to Quake is used by a lot of games nowadays such as CS:GO, Dota 2, Overwatch, Team Fortress 2 and many others. These are so called “Microtransactions” used to get more income out of the game. Keep in mind that these microtransactions won’t give anyone else an advantage, purley cosmetic. It’s surely a smart move nonetheless in the eye of the developers.I particularly like the improved graphics and the characters. It looks like what any high standard game made in 2017 should look like, sharp, lifelike textures and good shading. Another thing that makes Quake, Quake is it's high skill ceiling. You can never get too good, meaning you will always improve. A downside is that there aren’t so many game modes. Only Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, 1v1 and Sacrifice. Keep in mind that this isn’t a fully released game, it’s still Early Access. One more thing I don’t like is the netcode and hitreg, but those things will be fixed really soon. It’s ID Software we’re talking about here.Looking back at the older Quake games, there is no surprise that you will encounter severe gore and high speed. Now add this to next generation graphics and you have got yourselfone hell of a gamewith an experience like no other these days.Overall rating (Out of 10)Graphics: 9Music: 8Content: 6Controls: 8Gameplay: 7Istronglyadvise you to get this game if you are into AFPS games. In my opinions it might just be the best game overall in 2017.I rate it 8/10 overall."
,Not Recommended,611500,34894055,Posted: 11 September,all,Happy Store,"To start off this review, I gotta say that this is the first Quake game I have played. And it made me want to get all the other Quake games and play through them.  I love this game and it's a blast to play with non-stop action. But I can't recommend Quake Champions in its current state to everyone. There are still a bunch of performance and netcode issues that I encounter almost every time I play the game. But I still play it even with these problems. When the devs fix those two main problems then the game will be a lot easier to recommend.The gameplay itself is incredible, netcode issues aside, I never seem to have a dull moment when I play this game besides waiting in the lobby for the next game to start (which can take several minutes). When I first played the Alpha a few months ago I was complete garbage. Having never played a Quake game before I didn't really know what strafe jumping was and why it was so important. I would end up getting destroyed when I first played the game but that didn't stop me. I wanted to get better at it. I played a bit and got better at strafe jumping, found out which characters I enjoy playing as, and learned the weapon/health placements on the maps. I like the grind of Quake because there will always be someone that's better than you at something. You have to dedicate time to practicing your jumps and you need to know when you should use certain weapons over others. Yeah I did rage a lot, but I'm a lot better than when I first started playing. Now I usually come in first, second, or third in the game and I'm really enjoying it.Now just because I really like this game doesn't mean everyone should go buy it right now. It's still in Beta and they have to add a lot more content before I could recommend this game to anyone for $29.99. But the developers have adressed a lot of issues the community has been vocal about. Hero tweaking, CTF (Eventually), New maps, and Ranked play will hopefully be coming in the next few months. Once the game launches it will be F2P and you will have one champion to start out with and you will be able to unlock the other champions without paying. So unless you are a diehard arena shooter fan I would say wait until the F2P version comes out and try that out."
,Recommended,611500,34810711,Posted: 8 September,all,Dock Boggs,"It's so fun I uninstalled Overwatch in between rounds.  Pure Arena FPS with characters that have quirks instead of game-changing abilities.Champions Pack worth the $10 discount on what it will cost to own the ""full"" game in 2018 when it goes F2P, and I like being able to play it now.  It's early access but pretty, pretty....pretty good."
,Recommended,611500,34717706,Posted: 3 September,all,Ricarthal,"I had never played a Quake game before, but I found this easy to get into and enjoy. I knew the basics of arena shooters, having played Unreal Tournament 2004 and UT3 back when they were new (mostly against bots), but I wasn't familiar with Quake's movement and weapons. I'm happy to say I found both easy to pick up the basics of. A week or so ago when I started playing I tended to be at the bottom of the scoreboard. Now I'm usually near the middle. It's fun regardless, and improving is satisfying.The weapons are simple to understand, each having a distinct identity and only one firing mode (the railgun's minor damage-boosting charge up on scoped-in shots barely counts as a secondary mode.) The tutorial does a good job of introducing them.Movement is just fast-paced standard FPS movement, plus one big enhancement. The ""strafe jumping"" I'd heard mentioned and always assumed was super difficult is just being able hold the jump button while moving to bounce, and then building up speed by holding a strafe key and slowly turning in that direction. It does have a high skill ceiling, but the skill floor is low. I mostly use it for getting to stuff rather than while fighting, though. At this time in early access the in-game tutorial doesn't cover the quirky movement stuff like strafe jumping, but there are good player-made guides on YouTube. There are greyed-out buttons for further playable tutorials in the menu, so I expect they will be there by launch.The Champions, choosable characters with cosmetic customisation, add a thin veneer of hero shooter to the game but it remains very much an arena shooter. Champions are just a way of picking a flavour of arena shooter. Unlike say Team Fortress 2 or Overwatch, characters don't have radically different gameplay or distinct weapons (weapons respawn at set places in each arena, as do the health, armour, and power-ups), and doing well is all about being individually good at awareness, movement, and shooting, even in the team games. The Champions just have slightly different health/armour/speed stats, one or more passive abilities, and an active ability with a long cooldown (there are pickups to speed it up.) The passive ability is something that makes sense as a baseline feature of an arena shooter, and the active ability is something that feels like a good power-up or gadget in an arena shooter.For example:> Nyx has wall jumping and the ability to become temporarily invisible, which are both things that were in UT2004. Her wall jump mostly pushes her upward rather than away from the wall though, and the invisibility is slightly different than the UT pickup, disabling her weapons and making her invincible, which keeps things simple.> The pseudo-healer class, Galena, has a passive where picking up health speeds up her active ability cooldown, and an active ability that places a destructible mine that can either damage an enemy or work as a health pickup for her or a teammate. Like all the other Champions, she's still an agile front-line combatant with more in common with Team Fortress 2's Scout or Soldier than its Medic.> Ranger, the starter champion for players who don't purchase the Champions Pack, has reduced self-damage, making rocket jumping less risky, and a projectile he can teleport to as his active ability, similar to the translocator in UT.> Slash, who I've been focussing on learning recently, has a speed-building crouch slide passsive ability from a previous Quake game in addition to the standard strafe jumping, and an active ability that boosts movement speed while laying a highly visible low-damage plasma trail that can be remote detonated if you manage to catch someone in it. Reacting quickly to the satisfying whir sound that plays whenever you're damaging someone is good for that.The daily challenges for a bonus amount of the basic lootbox currency (which is also earned by completing matches) help expand new players' comfort zones. For example, challenges to hit two consecutive shots with a railgun a few times helped me gain confidence with it, when I'd initially wrongly dismissed the railgun as a sniper weapon mainly for experienced players with very fast aim."
76561198042772881,Not Recommended,611500,35088975,Posted: 20 September,all,Rentner,"It´s Quake, so i normally like it and i play QC since the first closed betabut in this early access state i don´t like itfirst of all it´s to buggy on release and that is not id game like.and that´s the next point, it´s not an id Engine and you feel that.The smoothness and direct input is way behind id engine based games. J.C. i miss youNo Mod support so far and it seems there will not be any in the future! WTF?No config tweaking! Again, WTF?No server browser, no dedicated or custom servers! That´s a big WTF?And while playing it there are lots of ""WTF?-Moments"":sometimes Rocket in da Face=no damage givenRails are going right through enemys without countingPing>50ms is like playing Q3 with ping 200msafter 3 or 4 Rounds the game is stuttering like hell, so you have to restart. Memory leak?and many moreI´m sorry, but for now i can´t recommend this Game to anybody who knows Quake and id-Games.Maybe i will change my mind when most of the bugs get fixed"
76561198367446703,Recommended,611500,34545624,Posted: 27 August,all,OP!SkillZ,"All in all, there is more to like than dislike"
,Recommended,611500,34462453,Posted: 24 August,all,nvc,"In many ways Quake Champions (QC) is a refreshing take on the Arena FPS genre. At the time of my review QC is currently in an Early Access (EA) beta phase, so there are issues with performance such as stuttering on hit (which requires a game restart to fix). With that in mind I'd definitely suggest purchasing with caution today, but at the price asked if you can live with the EA woes it does still feel like Quake. Should idsoftware and Sabre address the performance issues I'd have no trouble in recommending it in future.If you're on the fence I stream regularly ontwitch.tv/justnvc(including tournament coverage) - you're welcome to stop by and ask any questions!"
,Recommended,611500,34434782,Posted: 23 August,all,strelokcyka,"To thosenegative reviewersregarding bandwidth/upload:You are not taking into consideration the reason for the additional upload bandwidth. Idsoftware have stated that they are taking extra debug information from clients during the beta and early access stages of the game.They have let us know the extra debugging upload bandwidth will be turned off before the full release of the game. Early access and beta stages are designed to iron out the issues of the game.It's bad form to leave a negative review for something that they are 100% going to fix in the near future given the fact that it is still 'early access' - reviews should be for the game itself, not bugs or development issues that are going to be fixed on release."
76561198139557600,Not Recommended,611500,35192246,Posted: 24 September,all,ZeroResistance 96,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. The hitboxes are aweful, the lightning gun needs to be nerfed, the rocket splash damage radius needs to be increased. Alot of things need to be fixed, and I do understand this is beta, but still, these need to be addresed right away. Will all of this stop me from playing it? No, because I still want to like this game, but its making it very difficult the way the gameplay is right now. We should also be able to edit our crosshair, that is a big issue for me, and I'm sure other people dont like the default either."
76561197980930702,Recommended,611500,34471029,Posted: 24 August,all,✠STAHLHELM✠-GER,".......................,,-~*~,,......................./:.:.:.:.:.|......................|;.;.;.;.;./......................|.;.;.;.;.|............._,,,,,_.).;.;.;.;.|.........,,-"":.:.:.:.""~-,;.;.;.|........(_,,,,---,,_:.:.);.;.;.."",,......,-"":.:.:.:.:.""""-,,/;.;.;.;.;."",.....(:.__,,,,,,,,,___);.;.;.;.;.;|...../"""":.:.:.:.:.:.:¯""""\;.;.;.;.;.,""....\"",__,,,,,,,,,,,__/;;;;;;;;;/\.....\.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.);;;;;;;;;/:\.......\,,,,,---~~~~;;;;;;;;,""::::\..........""""""~~--,,,,,,,,,,-""::::::::::\"
,Recommended,611500,34662140,Posted: 1 September,all,MR. PING,Just AMAZING!!!! FAST Paced!!! I'm new But I'm Having A Great Time. Though There are Some Issues With game but Its Still In Early Access!!
,Recommended,611500,34467435,Posted: 24 August,all,Tr3b0r,"This s****s all over Lawbreakers.Yay,...it would be better if it didn't have heros or should I say 'Champions' though."
,Not Recommended,611500,34473967,Posted: 24 August,all,Riot Sanjuro [Unemployed],The game isn't even worth playing if you have over 60 ping. Character abilities and certain weapons become unusable if you're even slightly laggy. Don't buy until they have fixed the servers.The 20 second pre warmup jerk off needs to be removed as well. There's so much garbage you have to sit through on top of the long wait times between matches that it makes the game unbearble.
,Not Recommended,611500,34460385,Posted: 24 August,all,EATGREEPS,"Unfortunately can't recommend at this current time the netcode is complete trash and you will experience desync/rubberbanding.. which is completely unacceptable in a fast paced game like this. Also some of the champions are just BETTER than others, would be nice to have a mode without champions..Unreal Tournament 4 which is in PRE-ALPHA is wayyyy more optomized, FREE, and in general more fun to play. I'll continue playing Champions but It is DEFINATELY NOT worth $30. Wait for the F2P release or play it on the Bethesda launcher(if you unlocked it)"
,Recommended,611500,34455273,Posted: 24 August,all,joeld,"Awesome game, hope it grow into a big eSport"
76561198023662598,Not Recommended,611500,34696356,Posted: 2 September,all,dream cream,"This game is great for people who love QUAKE and DOOM and have spent many hours playing either. On that note, I don't recommend buying it in BETA yet. The game defintely WON'T save your server location, as you'll have to update it everytime you play, lest you want to be placed in AMSTERDAM servers, even though you're located in VA, USA. ALSO, you'll have to update your GRAPHICS SETTINGS, because the game won't SAVE THAT EITHER. You'll get quests or challenges in certain champions but those champions are completely useless in any combat situation, as they can't keep up with the best champions. I can see what they're trying to do with the champions, but they definitely need a lot of work, the special move or whatever that some of them have are just overpowered compared to the lesser champions I was talking about, and the Sorlag special move is just in bad taste. The Sorlag move is a poison attack that damages players over time, and its just nothing like previous quake games as it presents an unfair advantage to the player, and diminishes the skill curve involved in playing quake.EDIT: BETA not ALPHAEDIT 9/30/17: HOLY SH+t, this game LOVES to stack teams, especially when there's players with less experience. If you're playing for the first time, expect to be rolled over EVERY game until you reach ~25level."
,Recommended,611500,34464746,Posted: 24 August,all,Marterion,If you loved Quake 3 or UT99 get this game!
,Recommended,611500,34568539,Posted: 28 August,all,Blooregard Q. Kazoo,">knew about terrible netcode, ping, and connection issues beforehand>have slower internet than the Nazis in WW2 did>decide to buy anyway>start Team Deathmatch, start rubberbanding, die immediately>get teabaggedI asked for this. 10/10Bethesda, fix this garbage connection so this actually becomes playable."
76561198060716650,Recommended,611500,34577434,Posted: 29 August,all,EV0KER,"Quake is back!!Pros:- Still twitchy as hell- Abilities take a backseat to gunplay, which is super tight and satisfying- When you do use abilities it feels really good- The champions breathe new life into quake- The new sacrifice mode is awesome- This game will run on a potatoCons:- If you're new you'll prolly get destroyed (but after a couple days you'll get the hang of it)- Netcode is kinda all over the place rnIf you're looking for a new fps to play, this is the one, you've found it. Don't let inexperience scare you away!!"
,Recommended,611500,34705721,Posted: 3 September,all,J^ckyyy,"I've never really played any other quake/doom/arena fps game before this but this is the most fun i've had in a shooter in years since TF2 and movement is so unrestricted and feels so good to do. Much needed replacement for the stale Overwatch where I can actually play a dps in this game.Sadly it does not come without its bugs such as weird rocket and railgun inconsistencies, but I haven't had any issues with performance at all using Intel i5 7500 and RX480."
76561198029524699,Recommended,611500,34588176,Posted: 29 August,all,Mighty Maenzel,"A masterpiece.Straight Quake action, uncompromised oldscool gameplay with a little bow before nowadays shooters.Perfect transport of the good ol' QIIIA days into 2017.QUAD/4"
,Recommended,611500,34576278,Posted: 29 August,all,XOEXECUTION,"This is Quake. I didn't think i would like the champions having abilities, but the abilities play right into the matches. They work so so well. They are also not the center of the match. Being able to outplay you're opponents and gathering weapons and armor and health are the core elements of the game still. The champion abilities are just there, and they work but they don't feel like a core element, in a good way. This game is amazing and I hope all that are interested and fans of Quake, give it a go."
,Recommended,611500,34434841,Posted: 23 August,all,Mayron,"Quake is a part of my life more or less since 1996. I'm not very good at it but love the setting and speed of multiplayer matches. The only thing i don't like about Champions is the music, but on the other hand - it's not important for an arena shooter. We can always go for good old Sonic Mayhem tracks in the background if needed.Git gud or get rekt. No tears allowed."
76561198075963611,Recommended,611500,34449022,Posted: 23 August,all,4^1► ^7Trouble,"It is Quake, with a difference.Been following this game from the start, big quake fanboy from the good ol' dial up days with my ball mouse.The idea of abilities from the start put me right off, however, it does add something new and they are not game breaking at all, the champions are well balanced, with the exception of anarky being  near impossible to hit with his speed and hit box, which I'm confident will be rectified. When it was released from BETA to EA on steam, there were some issues, matchmaking being the most problematic (unable to join a game, being thrown back to lobby) however that has now been fixed. Games can be found in seconds.The problem some people will have with Quake is it's not an easy game, there is much to learn. Strafe jumping (several different movement mechanics) item pickups etc... Then being placed into an arena with skilled players, but no game comes close to the buzz you get once you master it.Do you want a game where you can get shot by someone hiding in a bush? try battlegrounds. Want a game thats easy? try overwatch. Want a game you can master with blood, gore, fast paced arena action, awesome graphics and a female lizard who spits acid in your face? get Quake Champions"
,Recommended,611500,35233312,Posted: 26 September,all,Most Wise Sadhguru,"Before reading this review, keep in mind that the game is in Early Access. This means that development of Quake Champions is a continuous process and the devs acknowledge that there are problems with the current release, and also claim to be currently fixing many said issues as we speak.In comparison to other Quake games, this one's a lot faster - not necessarily in terms of movement speed, but in terms of the meta in which things play out. Rushing your opponent with a lightning gun is a perfectly valid tactic due to its relative power and champion max armor stack caps, and this means that tactical gameplay, while not non-existant, is much less prevalent than in predecessing Quake games, such as Quake Live - and it becomes mostly an aimfest. This may appeal to some, and it does to me in fact - but if you prefer a slower, more defensive and methodical game, I'd recommend checking out Quake Live instead. This one is great if you love fast paced action, aim based duel encounters and a thoroughly enjoyable FPS experience.Talking about the positives, the graphics are gorgeous for a Quake title, map textures look great even on low settings. The maps themselves are all great, and universally liked even by professionals in the competitive scene - the two complaints here are that: a) there's not enough of them; and b) half of them are reworked maps from previous Quake versions (Blood Covenant = Q3DM6, ZTN/Bloodrun is one of the few maps available in duel etc.).There is also a huge lack of variety in modes, with the current four implemented in the game being 'Duel' - a round based 1on1 deathmatch format, one of the main competitive modes - 'Sacrifice', a skull themed team capture game and the other main competitive mode on the game - and then the two most popular modes you'll find in public servers, deathmatch and team deathmatch. None of that is reinventing the wheel here, so I hope to see some more modes that were unique in previous quake games such as Clan Arena (and possibly new modes?!) added as soon as possible. Devs have hinted at the possibility of including more modes in the future.As for the champions themselves, they all seem relatively balanced - although Sorlag and Anarki are generally considered to be the two most overpowered and 'in meta' champions at the moment, and Clutch is considered weak to the point of being unusable in most settings. He is supposedly getting a buff in the next update. Anarki currently also has an incorrect dodge animation for his hitbox, and that will be getting fixed too.There are also a few negatives about the game that cannot be ignored. Firstly, the netcode is absolutely horrible - shots that appear on target frequently don't register, and shots that don't appear on target do register. Players with over 65 ping appear to warp and stutter almost constantly, making them incredibly hard to hit (not sure if this affects gameplay on their side too) and routing to the servers, at least in Europe, could definitely be better.Performance wise, this game is also a massive struggle. Whereas an i3 and a GTX 750 Ti would net you a stable 250fps in Quake Live, you need a relatively monstrous PC to even compete in this game currently. I have an i7 6700k and a GTX 1080 and I can barely keep a stable 144fps (which is necessary for my 144hz refresh rate). The game currently runs on DirectX which would explain the horrendous performance issues, but this is allegedly getting replaced by Vulcan soon - and that can't come quickly enough, as a large portion of wannabe Quakers are alienated simply due to having mediocre hardware, and the ones that can play properly experience frequent microstuttering and memory leaks.There are also a very limited number of client settings in game - there are no crosshair customization settings, custom resolutions (only a list of pre-defined ones you can pick from), no commands to force refresh rate, no brightskins or forceplayermodels or picmip - I could literally list a thousand cvars that were present in previous Quake games that are missing in this one. Many aren't needed - but greater customization of core features would definitely not go amiss. Something I've always personally liked was the ability to disable hudguns, and that option isn't available in game - but using the launch command--set /Config/CONFIG/WeaponZScale -1allows you to do that.tl;dr:Quake Champions has amazing core gameplay, an absolute ton of potential to be a fantastic esport, and is probably the best FPS game I've played since Quake Live came out. It's absolutely worth checking out, and if you're a fan of the arena FPS genre - worth shelling out the money for. However, keep in mind that it is currently in early access and as a result isNOTa finished product - and as a result of that, does have noticeable flaws that cannot and should not be overlooked.Sorry for any mistakes, English isn't my first language."
,Not Recommended,611500,35038395,Posted: 17 September,all,WRU,"this game is great in every aspect apart from mechanics and performancetoo bad those just happened to be quintessential quake features without which this game looks a lot like quake game yet doesn't feel like one in the slightesthere's to devs improving their game further down the road; at this point, however, it is not recommended for anyone with low-end pc or Arena/Live/CPMA (ESPECIALLY CPMA) adepts who cherish the nearly impeccable hitreg/netcode and flow of said titles, you will cry vomit and vomit cries after some time with Quake Champions in its current state of affairs"
,Recommended,611500,34682361,Posted: 2 September,all,himari,"A solid quake installment that introduces modern class shooter elements, while still preserving the fast-paced fragging action. The champions have unique movement passives that resemble the movement mechanics of previous arena shooters like QL and CPMA, so no one is left out. You can play for free on the bethesda launcher for now, and can consider buying the game once the devs actually fix the atrocious netcode."
,Not Recommended,611500,35284290,Posted: 28 September,all,Battling Joe,"Gameplay is fantastic, run smooth in 4k max details on my rig however,,,Takes forever to find a game and seriously bethesda no offline playing with bot?"
76561198010756388,Not Recommended,611500,34782627,Posted: 6 September,all,dawson686,"Game keeps crashing, havent evenmanaged to play the tutorial"
,Recommended,611500,35008962,Posted: 16 September,all,Ground Tank,"(I'll be updating this review as my experience with the game changes over time)Quake Champions has made all other online shooters boring to me in comparison.  Still in Early Access, there's enough content to provide practice without getting too repetitive.  The netcode needs work, offline modes and tutorials should be added to help new players understand the nuances of the game, and I'd like to see at least three times the amount of maps on launch.  I don't mind the cosmetic loot as long as it funds meaningful content additions and community support for years to come, and we still eventually get modding and dedicated custom servers like the devs claimed they'd add.I'm not going to pretend to be a lifelong player of Quake, I'm fairly new to the multiplayer side of the series (I played Quake and Quake 2's SP back in the day but not the MP, which is backwards yeah I know) I've put some time into Quake Live in its web browser form throughout the years so I can at least comprehend the standards that long time players would expect.  The skill ceiling is arguably lower than older Quakes, but it still towers over every other FPS on the market and offers the pacing and thrills that you can only get from Quake.  This game has the potential to be a good ENTRY POINT to newer players of the sub-genre.  I don't expect Quake Live or the older Quake communities to disappear anytime soon and I wouldn't want them to.  To the outsiders who've taken interest in these games but never had a good jumping on point, QC's ranked matchmaking offers everyone a chance to get into it (assuming Bethesda doesn't screw this up and launch the game DOA).What the passive abilities have effectively done is broken up the vast meta of Quake and given each character an aspect of it.  Some can run faster, some can jump higher and some can take more damage.  Where the balance comes into question is the active abilities.  I haven't played Duel mode yet, but I'd think every character has use in a 1v1 setting.  However the chaos of FFA and Sacrifice mode makes it hard to tell if you're winning/losing because of your performance or if your (or your team's) characters are just getting outmatched.  Only time will tell if this dynamic ends up killing long-term interest in the game's competitive scene or enriching it.  Personally I expected to hate it, as I'm not a fan of class or hero based games like Overwatch, but Quake Champions managed to do character based abilities in a way that made it feel like it's up to me to master the strengths of the characters and utilize them properly, not just pick character X who counters character Y.  It feels more like Tekken than Team Fortress.I give the game a recommendation to anyone who wants to give a modern arena shooter a chance and has the patience to mentally adjust to new changes to the formula.  I heavily advise trying it for free on the Bethesda launcher before buying the early access version on Steam.  It's been worth it to me so far, but keep in mind the game will eventually be F2P as Ranger on all platforms.  The individual characters will be buy-able one by one at that point.  As of now the early access version is all or nothing."
76561198171620997,Not Recommended,611500,34437841,Posted: 23 August,all,Devil61,"DONT BUY IF YOU HAVE UNDER 1 MB UPLOAD, Apparently their little brain died in front of the idea of making some money so they decided to put early access with debug stuff and every 1/2 if you have under 1 mb upload you get 300lag spike and game is unplayable.Rocket still bugged and do 0 dmgNetcode still♥♥♥♥♥♥Huge fps dropTheir server are♥♥♥♥♥♥and cause a lot of lag problemSome champions still buggedSlash still cant crouch slide in some part of the mapThis game was exactly bad how it was before and they put in ""early access"" for bring some money at the expense of the user."
,Recommended,611500,34594292,Posted: 29 August,all,Lira,"I dunno, I suck at the game, but I can't deny that I have a great deal of fun just simply strafe-jumping around the arena, controlling spawns and blowing people away with rockets, even getting killed is kinda fun, it leaves me all giggly and stuff. Is good game, do recommend."
76561198348681000,Recommended,611500,34446643,Posted: 23 August,all,Deac0n Fr0st,"Fantastic remake of the classic Quake games, long overdue."
,Not Recommended,611500,34744091,Posted: 4 September,all,✤SexyJesus✤,"im sorry ID Software but you really ♥♥♥♥ed up this time i have the best internet this tea drinking country has to offer but ♥♥♥♥ me what a mess i cant get passed the tutoiral becuase youv decided putting the tutorial on a server was a good idea iv never seen so much lag in my life, the beta ran better then this♥♥♥♥♥♥i have no idea whats going on over there or what crack your smoking but you should 1000000% not buy this till this issue is adressed it is unplayable at least for me. now iv got to boil the kettle to releave stress and wait for my refund to come through"
,Recommended,611500,34733793,Posted: 4 September,all,ChOuette,This is Quake ! And much more !
,Not Recommended,611500,34464879,Posted: 24 August,all,Thak,"several minutes trying to find a match, and still can't find a game in asian region. US region is at 200ms +, don't want to join that. Checked concurrent steam users, and very few plays this.Off with this matchmaking peer to peer-like trash, and use dedicated servers like what it used to be. What happened to the good old days of selecting a populated server for a quick match?No bots as of yet, so you can't at least try out a game or two. Refunding this and waiting it to be f2p.The mobile game menu look does not help as well.Don't get me wrong, but it is good to see twitch based arena shooter (although this iteration of Quake feels a bit slow for my taste) but they are pretty much scraping the bottom of the saturated FPS ""class"" based system now. Next thing you will know is that they will jump in the battle royale bandwagon (good luck trying to cram 100 players in one tiny ID Tech DM map). In fact, you can't even see this in the concurrent number of players online.How the mighty has fallen."
76561198025521685,Not Recommended,611500,34474065,Posted: 24 August,all,Trumpet,"Honestly the game could be very fun if it wasn't for the horrendous netcode. So many times I die to railgun AFTER I have fully run around the corner. Also rockets sometimes do no damage. Lots of problems for a beta. Heroes also not balanced, it's evident the speed heroes are better than the others ( Clutch is good too)."
76561198199790850,Recommended,611500,34541736,Posted: 27 August,all,Kripple,"Great game, hopefully it keeps on getting better. The time between games is a pain, I just want to get straight back in to the next match. Hackers need to ♥♥♥♥ off."
76561198005470247,Recommended,611500,34427796,Posted: 22 August,all,Chris,"The Grand Daddy of arena FPS is back.Aside from net code issues the devs are trying squash the game itself is very satisfiying, not to mention well optimized.Come enjoy the high velocity fun."
76561198014933726,Recommended,611500,34647224,Posted: 31 August,all,Dta,"Former q1, qw and q3a player here. This game has potential. But after 15 years of not playing a decent shooter my aim is so rusty:)I hope the playerbase gets huge Quake deserves it. CS and Cod are such a slow camp games compared to Quake. I must say with even around this 500 to 2000 player range it is currently i never have to wait more then a minute to play a game.I used to spam duel. But these days i like the more casual ffa en TDM. Till maybe one day my aim returns to me:)Buy it and enjoy it. If you have lag/spikes issues read the various fixes people suggest. The♥♥♥♥♥♥worked for me."
,Recommended,611500,34528451,Posted: 27 August,all,Jantje Smit,"Quake is back. I was really afraid the use of heroes would break the game but it's awesome. The game is as fast as ever, runs really well and smooth. Highly recommended. Can't wait for competitive play."
,Recommended,611500,34648107,Posted: 31 August,all,e-gamer,Somehow more funandless stressful than CS:GO and Overwatch.
,Recommended,611500,34590556,Posted: 29 August,all,Rakun,"Basically Quake 3 Arena with classes. I like it so far. Maybe an occasional crash, weapons working weird, sometimes it being laggy, but hey, it's beta!Also, currently sucking at it, but it's fun, fast, and good. GG. I rate it 9/11 so far."
,Recommended,611500,34611859,Posted: 30 August,all,the dan dude,"Despite the chapions, it's still Quake, and it's still good"
,Recommended,611500,34612372,Posted: 30 August,all,Stardust,"This is my first multiplayer Quake athough I did play the single player Quakes in the past. If you are looking for a deep and rewarding shooter this is it. Once you get used to the movement, it's hard going back to other shooters. I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,611500,34564553,Posted: 28 August,all,Pimp Triskit,"Quake 1 was the first game I played as a kid.Quake is a fast paced multiplayer meant for players that enjoy a high skill ceiling and improving on mechanics and map knowlwdge. Although there isn't a story mode, there is plenty of lore and skins you can unlock. For those that are curious about characters and backstories, they are there. I'm not an FPS pro, and I haven't played quake multiplayer since Q3. I get wrecked once and a while, but as that happens I learn and get better.Quake Champions is fast and challenging. With the addition of champion abilities quake makes you adapt to different strategies. I enjoy trying new champions that seem difficult, only to become better in time. Strafe jumping, rocket jumping, rocket prediction, LG and rail accuracy etc. They are all a major part of the game.You're going to die. A LOT. But that's okay because nothing beats gibbing anarki with a rail. Or popping sorlag the air with a rocket and finishing her off with a rail shot. These moments are only available in a fast paced game.People will always be better, but that doesn't mean you still cant play well. Quake makes me think about my decisions while I play. It's hard and requires a lot of focus, but it's a lot of fun knowing you're improving. Don't be afraid to add people that are good, and play or learn from them. Stay calm, don't rage, and don't forget that Quake is not dead.If you don't like it. Don't play it and find a game that suits you.But if you do like it, lets go gib some scrubs!"
76561198083877607,Recommended,611500,34569045,Posted: 28 August,all,Dr_N-gin,"The king of shooters is back!!!Ive been playing quake since 2002, indulging in both q3a multiplayer and q1 single player since and this game is a true quake game. While I am sad to see the single player aspect of quake largely absent, there is lore present behind all the characters, but I always have DOOM to fall back on. I have been playing the beta since late April for note-You do have to pay for early acess however you get all characters and some in game bonuses. The game will be free to play once it launches.-You do need to make a Bethesda. net account and link to your steam account-You dont need to download the bethesda client, just make an account online-Free to play will only have Ranger to play as with others available for the most valuable in game currency (pretty much your money) and a 24 hr trial with an in game currencyRight now there are 4 game modes, a tutorial mode, and a practice mode. There are a variety of players present from long time players like me, gods who will slay you before you can pick up a gun, and people trying it out for the first time. Expect to do well.....then get destroyed and repeat.Online-After sticking to servers with pings <50 I am still having lag issues and fps drops despite my ping being 20. Netcode has been an issue since the closed beta launched and still is, luckily my issues are relatively minor. Ive maxed the settings btw and my setup isi7 3770gtx 1080144hz monitorI get an avg of 110 fps @ 1080pGameplay-(I have only played DM and TDM, )-its hard to say as the game has been modified so much since the closed beta and I need to play A LOT more to say. Core gun play is pretty balanced in my opnion, as in guns excel in situations they are designed to, however I expect to see it modified heavily. Spawns get crazy mid match and team balance could use work. It could use some more guns and gametypesFree to play, ""Heroes"" aspect-I dont like how certain characters have such health or armor advantages (Sorlag takes forever to kill while Clutch spawns with 100 armor in TDM)-Abilities or Heroes or Titans (whatever theyre called) dont ruin the classic arena style present here. Its just adding a new element to an already established game (q3a -> QC) I take it as another factor to take into account when fighting an enemy. I do hope the abilities are continually tweaked in the games lifespan however-Alternate gun skins, armor, gun decors are cool, but take a while to earn or are random...unless of course you are gonna pay to speed up the process. I do think its a bit pricey but I expect to see it adjusted.Buy this game if you are a fan of Quakes multiplayer, ANY Quake multiplayer, q1, q2, q3, q4 (maybe Quake wars lol)and if you are a fan of arena shooters I recommend this game. Try it and return it if you cant ""git gud""Playerbase peaked around 2k and it has only been growing, this is before it becomes free to play.Lets hope Bethesda advertises this to no end to cash in on the esports marketAlso dont get discouraged if you get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked. You will be playing against people who have been playing this type of game for 2 decades! Keep at it, this game rewards skill and you get that by getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked and playing fast and smart."
76561198312055941,Recommended,611500,34565079,Posted: 28 August,all,drpe90,Just one thing to say: QUAKE is back. Highly recommended to everyone.
,Recommended,611500,34672008,Posted: 1 September,all,Pulador de predios x98 vidas,"Early Access and still my prefered FPS Game, Deathmatch and Duel still Shines but Sacrifice mode is pretty fun to play ! Gamepaly is excelent, still Quake !  I was sick of teamplay based games !! Thanks Quake !"
,Recommended,611500,34672125,Posted: 1 September,all,Robobot,"Quake Champions has surprised me greatly. I did not expect to see this much progress through Beta and Early Access. There are still problems, absolutely, but nothing they've done has given me pause (other than their evasive and bizarre response to offline play) -- they add new Champions, new Maps, new cosmetics, and tweak balance constantly.And on the subject of Balance, man was I surprised. I expected a lazy Blizzard-style of balance (as seen in Overwatch) where the characters are 'balanced' through a Rock-Paper-Scissors system. (IE. You're Rock, so you'd have to be WAY worse than Scissors to lose to them, and you're never going to beat Paper unless they're awful). Some Champions are better in some areas, but by-and-large they all are perfectly capable, and they cater to a LOT of playstyles.All in all, I really like where the game is going. There are some issues, yes, but this is the best, freshest version of Quake I've played since 1999.Frag on."
,Recommended,611500,34673062,Posted: 1 September,all,Huntor🎃,Daddy's home
,Recommended,611500,34564327,Posted: 28 August,all,^2C@NIP,"The best fps for the most hardcore players. the games combat and game modes may seem simple on the outside, but has more depth than any shooter I have seen out there. The amount of things you can do and learn, take your skills at a whole other level. A slight difference in skill will always favor the better player. I will say though that this skill barrier of entry is not as high as the original quake, but still great enough."
,Recommended,611500,34467665,Posted: 24 August,all,highpriority,Fun and addictive.
,Recommended,611500,34585044,Posted: 29 August,all,floppydrive,0 Kills / 20 DeathI’m too old for this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,611500,34456632,Posted: 24 August,all,HerrHund,"Best Quake since Q3 - if you love fast pacing FPS Arena Shooters, buy it!"
76561197997820484,Recommended,611500,34594415,Posted: 29 August,all,Live For Satan,"I've been a fan of quake since I was 8 years old. Champions brings back the old excitement and gore! Very refreshing after so many cartoony FPS's, a true and brutal arena shooter down to its core."
76561198042266037,Recommended,611500,34523338,Posted: 27 August,all,Butt-Toucher-McGee,"While I do recomend this game, I do it with caution. This has very huge lag issues, in all the games I have played so far I have seen too many players jump across the screen with ping jumping up to 400. I do think this game will be good but lag will kill any playerbase they gain if they don't fix it."
,Recommended,611500,34474028,Posted: 24 August,all,Tonkinese,is quake is good
,Recommended,611500,34542884,Posted: 27 August,all,Savage_Carcharodon,"This game is just like the OG QUAKE, with added features that make it even more awesome! It needs some things like: Load Out customization from Quake Live and Some Player Balancing Features... I dont like coming into a lobby where the other team is all experienced players and my team isnt. But i Recommend this title because QUAKE is back and its Better than ever... We even have the Doom Slayer Returning! Forget TF2, Overwatch and Paladins this is the true Arena Shooter and the only Arena Shooter!"
,Recommended,611500,34590463,Posted: 29 August,all,[BVB] AlienViking_ZA,"Classic Quake speed, feel, look and action!Worth a buy to update through steam."
76561198006049374,Recommended,611500,34597058,Posted: 29 August,all,hdave74,"They really don't make FPS games like this any more... This feels like being kicked back in time to the era of Q3A and UT. I think it's terrific.I was worried that the ""champions"" aspect would wreck the game for me, but its impact on gameplay is mild - this isn't some rock-paper-scissors/game balance-over-skill fiasco like Overwatch. The game feels like a genuine late 90s deathmatch experience.I've had some technical glitches due to the early access nature of the game, but most have had simple fixes available from community forums. A bunch of people seem to be complaining about the netcode, but I've not experienced any outlandish lag and server pings have been under 20ms consistently. I can only imagine the game will get more solid as it goes through early access.If you are annoyed by modern trends in competitive FPS games (as I am) then you owe it to yourself to try out Quake Champions. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,611500,34561963,Posted: 28 August,all,MajDroid,"Always been a UT guy but i must admit Quake won this round, this is a really good game and id software really nailed it this time.Also the new champions are really good, although some of them could get some improvement/enhancement, some of them feel a bit weaker than the rest or have bad special abilities (such as DooM guy's special ability).I'm looking forward to more content and hopefully we'll get better new maps in the future, hopefully they'll get back to the awesome map design of Quake 3 Arena (some of the current maps can feel a bit less Quak-ish and more UT-ish)"
,Recommended,611500,34560020,Posted: 28 August,all,HotShot,"Must admit, this takes mad skill."
,Recommended,611500,34674697,Posted: 1 September,all,Cute Anime Girl,A good arena shooter in 2017? Sign me up.
,Recommended,611500,34441871,Posted: 23 August,all,Sycar,"Despite some issues (some hitches in the rockets' hitboxes and sometimes long matchmaking searching for players), at this state, Quake Champions is a FPS Arena with a lot of potential: the Champions System can add additional strategy to the classic and skill-based shooting and movement of the game. Features like bots or a complete tutorial for newcomers will be added during the period of the Early Access. Right now, you can't buy champions permanently via in-game currency, you can only rent them for 24 hours (i don't like this choice, i wish they would implement a permanent unlock via in-game currency and not only via real money, something like Rainbow Six Siege). In this moment, only buyers of the Champion Pack can create custom matches (you can play with your friends those haven't buy the pack). Also, the game uses dedicated servers.REMEMBER: THE GAME IS A FREE 2 PLAY GAME, ONLY FOR THE EARLY ACCESS YOU NEED TO BUY THE CHAMPIONS PACK (25% OFF, ORIGINAL PRICE IS 39,99 EUROS). IF YOU PARTECIPATED TO THE CLOSED BETA, YOU CAN PLAY BY USING THEBETHESDA.NETLAUNCHER WITHOUT BUYING THE PACK"
,Recommended,611500,34721988,Posted: 3 September,all,ILMYR,"I can FULLY recommend this game.If you liked the previous Quake games then Quake Champions won't disappoint you.The Champions Pack is a good deal, since you get all champions (and future champions) at no further costs.By playing the game you will unlock cosmetics for your champions like new armor, weapon/armor shaders, etc.You frequently get lots of ingame currency to buy backpacks for cosmetic loot.The netcode feels good. You will get used to the weapons projectile speeds and hitboxes very quickly.Some info for future Quake fellas:- DON'T GIVE UP(!) There are experienced players and pros in this game. They will most likely just wreck you over and over. Try to find some friends, join games together and improve your skills. There are plenty of small Quake communities... just don't give up.- The game is early access. Don't expect a flawless game.- Make sure you select a good server node. (only pick those with low ping < 30)- Try to increase your maximum framerate by launching the game with the following launch options:--set /Config/CONFIG/maxFpsValue 144(try to find a maxFpsValue that works best for you, there are plenty of guides in the web aswell)Happy fragging!Cheers,Ilmyr"
,Recommended,611500,34449326,Posted: 23 August,all,ₒ⁰ ᵃᵛᶥᵈ ⁰ₒ,"Quake remains true to it's original form, with some modern twists. Rather than remake an old iteration of the Quake franchise, ID decided to make a game that would make the old school Quake players happy, as well as the newer generations. By keeping the core elements the same, the speed, the movement, the gibs and then prettying them up a lot and adding a lot of stuff newer fps fans will dig, they've done this in spades. If you're an old school Quake player like me, you should love it as much as I do, unless you're a purist, as this is not just more of the same. This is close to how I would have envisioned a new Quake game to be.That said, there are a few problems, but at the time I write this, it has just come to Early Access from Beta. Problems are to be expected and the devs simply cannot make everyone happy. I anticipate issues to be resolved soon, but the game is totally playable, depending on your system and your internet connection. New champions, items and game modes are forthcoming and as an old CTF fan, I hope to see new/old modes brought in as well.If you are looking for a fast paced, skill based first person shooter that is challenging and forces you to get good, a game that will teach you skills that are well known to transfer to other FPS games, then I definitely recommend this game!"
,Recommended,611500,34723078,Posted: 3 September,all,TheArcaneMirror | Winter,"While the first playable versions from the burst test and closed beta left me disappointed, I am much happier with the early access version now. It is definitely not yet where it needs to be, but it is already quite fun, challenging and addicting. The new champions and their abilities are well integrated into the core gameplay and allow for different play styles. Also, they add some tactical depth to the game, but in a subtle way. The newly added skins are much more to my taste and the customization options are a welcome motivation to keep playing for the next loot drop. The loot system is very fair, I had multiple legendary drops so far, even in the first few hours. I got lucky and got most of the pieces I actually wanted as a drop. To give players a little distraction and another activity, there's lore to be found on the map in each match. I wish the weapons were even a little more snappy, both in projectile speed and switching speed. But the character movement feels very nice so far. All in all, it feels pretty much like Quake and I didn't regret buying it."
,Recommended,611500,35213033,Posted: 25 September,all,fast_lane,"The game is excellent. It is missing a few basic features like bots and game browser but the core is fantastic. I have been playing Quake 1, 2, 3 since 1996 and I think they managed to keep the good old spirit of Quake while adding novel features like different heroes. The heroes are remarkably balanced. Each game there are different types of heroes. Beautiful graphics and sound. Good presentation. Grind is purely cosmetic. You can dominate at level 1 if you are good. But you will also get tons of clothes and alternative weapon models for your grind, which is actually rewarding. If you are new to games like Quake prepare to die a lot but over time you will get it and find extremely rewarding. The fluidity of movement is amazing if you know what to do. Highly recommend the game. Oh, and NYX is hot!"
,Recommended,611500,34462335,Posted: 24 August,all,NoGoSnow,"Quake Champions is a great introduction to newcomers to Quake, familiar users of past Quake games (QIII Arena for me), and intense Quake fans.The new champion system is something to adjust to. I like that each champion has their own skills and abilities but this can lead to some champions being more overpowering than others. I wish to see that id software provide us with a ""Classic Quake"" mode in which we can play different heroes but their movement, health and skills all be equal to one another. This puts more skill into the game.Quake Champions makes it easy for newcomers to adapt to the game and how you are supposed to properly play it. There are tutorials that are set to release which will provide more in-depth assistance with becoming a skilled player.Some improvements need to be made to hit registration, netcode, hit boxes and balancing issues but overall I love the game and have enjoyed the past two hours of playing it. I definitely recommend people give it a try (it's free anyways)."
,Recommended,611500,34453330,Posted: 23 August,all,Daveigh,Rocket Spamming Simulator: 2017
,Recommended,611500,34476562,Posted: 25 August,all,Milad,"Feels like I'm back in my childhood when I was playing UT 99 ,I've never played any of Quake series before but I'm now satisfied with Quake Champions ."
,Recommended,611500,34432385,Posted: 23 August,all,|xSp| phUze,"I see Quake, I buy Quake. Easy."
,Recommended,611500,34427636,Posted: 22 August,all,j1n,Quake 3 Arena + CPMA + Quake 4 all in one.
,Recommended,611500,34683737,Posted: 2 September,all,Kalixt,XAERO ?!
76561197971057603,Not Recommended,611500,35072688,Posted: 19 September,all,Tom741,"Ok well: I was happy to see Quake Champions arrives. Quake 3 was sooo much fun.I just came out of 10 minutes of pure frustration that just correspond to what QC is for me right now:- I log in to the game, he selects a region for me, I click play and select all the game mods. By the way, you will only play Team deathmatch (80%) and Deathmatch (20%) most of the time. Count at least 2 minutes between clicking on the game icon and going into a party.- I enter the game, I got my♥♥♥♥♥kicked (pretty normal ^^), play for 2 min and then, an error popup, back to the region selection screen. It stays... and stays. So I relaunch the game- I come back in the same game, 3 minutes before the end. We lose 75-23. Let say it was not fun at all.- I wait for the result screen to load.- I launch another party. Wait 2 good minutes again.- Then I enter a party which is already in progress (3 minutes left). Of course, you will always be on the losing team (probably a player who can't take the humiliation).♥♥♥♥♥kicked, of course.- Result screen again, rage quit.You've got it all in there:- I don't know if there is a matchmaking behind, but I consider there is not. You will encounter level 30, even at level 4 ?!?- Entering an ending party sucks. Really, you know that if it's already running you will loose and just have the time to make 2 frags before going back waiting for another one.- Complete lack of variety at the moment, not enough map and not enough players on side mods. And no, I will not wait 3 minutes for a party to launch, that's why I select all game mods.- We don't need customization! Come one! I don't care about the look of my player or weapon skins. Give me more maps!- I really miss the time when you were able to select a server and maps were rotating after another. No wait time, got it ?On the bright side:- Weapon feelings are nice .... :)- It has the potential to make a nice competitive game, jumping everywhere is so fun.Do I recommend it now ? No. Wait for the final release.I had more fun playing sonic mania, even if it cost way too much for 3 hours of game, I felt less ripped off than on Quake champions ^^"
,Recommended,611500,34544176,Posted: 27 August,all,veri,"Quake 2 and UT '99 were the two games that got me into FPS games.  I never really played much Q3A, and I looked at Quake Live and thought it looked like♥♥♥♥♥so I didn't play it (probably to my detriment), and it's really been about 20 years since I really got into playing Quake.This game is sick.  I'm a big sucker for games requiring crazy aim, super-fast movement, and item pickups.  When I played CS:Source, I used to love bunnyhopping and doing all the movement glitches.  I'd remember reading about the movement in Quake and being intriged - but man is it fun bunnyhopping around going super fast and shooting rockets at people.  I tried playing Overwatch again after playing this, and the game literally felt like it was going in slow motion.That being said, it's entirely possible this game won't take off.  It's too hardcore - I spent a few hours bottom fragging before it started to click, and I'm unsure how many people are willing to push through it and enjoy.  They're making it free to play after the early access period so hopefully that'll attract a big population, but the system requirements are a little onerous so I feel the intersection of people who have computers good enough to run this but won't play it unless it's FTP is pretty small.  I really hope it does well though, there's definitely a niche here that is left unfilled by other modern games."
,Recommended,611500,34454190,Posted: 24 August,all,djinn,Old school Quake fast paced FPS with new school mechanics.
,Recommended,611500,34447669,Posted: 23 August,all,Meowmeow Fuzzyface,"It's just like Quake, except there's people playing."
,Not Recommended,611500,34789399,Posted: 6 September,all,Fusion,Servers are too laggy
,Not Recommended,611500,34698307,Posted: 2 September,all,Backbite,"! - EARLY ACCESS - !The game suffers awful netcode in it's current state.I can't say much for the remainder of the experience due to the glaring netcode issues.I had to limit my frames down from 120+ to 60 in order to not drop so many packets.Then again to 30 to try and make it playable online.And when this isn't happening, every single match gets interrupted by error 1508.Which you could still play with the error on the screen, but it will eventually disconnect you.For a multiplayer game, the network code is crucial, and yet for it to be this rough at early access is interesting.Your experience may differ. Say, if you had a 100mbit upload.Still hoping the network stuff gets fixed. On LAN I immagine it's flawless."
,Not Recommended,611500,34722570,Posted: 3 September,all,Eddiember,"I want to love this game. I TRULY want to love this game, but there is far to much wrong with it at this point in time for me to put a positive review. My lack of enjoyment of the game may simply amount toPros:-Its Quake. Plain and simple its Quake. Fast action, FPS, Multiplayer Shooter. Each character is unique and... well... there is really only one character worth playing at this point in time unless you are trying to complete challenges.-No Pay to Win. Almost everything can be earned without need for money (Right now)Cons:-My biggest complaint is hits and damage not registering.-Unless you have an amazing Internet Connection, the only one using, and a top of the line computer, don't purchase this game. With just how fast action this game is, even 50 Ping is way to much, and you won't land a shot (Even if the damage markers are showing up, it won't register on the other side, I've tested it with friends)-If you have above 75 Ping, there will be many times where you won't be able to react fast enough to shoot someone behind. You will die almost instantly even with full health and armor.-Assists seem to register at random (Though this could be due to the hits not registering for me). There are times where I somehow managed to snipe someone with a railgun (This snipe does 90 Damage, I'm not talking about a machinegun snipe), and a teammate finished them off 2 seconds later, but I didn't get credit for the assist. Other times, I run in guns blazing with a Lightning gun, hit an enemy once, and get credit for the assist.-Matchmaking is garbage. I fully understand I am not the absolute best player in the world. There are people who are much better then me, but when in TDM a full team of single digit level players CONSISTENTLY get matched up with a full team of people above level 20, in such a Fast Paced game there is no time to ""Git gud"", you just die, die, die before you can adjusted to the game.-Oh god, the loading times.-Sorlag is way to over powered. There are games I go into where everyone is playing Sorlag, and just punishing those who aren't Sorlag. One way to overcome this is to make Sorlag NOT immune to her own Special (Which in turn seems to make her immune to other Sorlag Specials. In addition to that, Sorlag is also immune to Environmental Acid like that on Lockbox. The only downside I find of her is that backpacks don't seem to drop her Runes.-Balencing in the Maps is horrible. More common then not you will spawn and instantly die before you can get to a weapon. At best, you might spawn next to a Shotgun, at worst, you'll be killed by a stray rocket as you spawn.Like, I know I wasn't the best player in the world, but seriously I've never raged so much in my life while playing this game. Examples of BS that I have experienced include nailing a Nyx Character (Who has max health 75) three times with Rockets (Out right hitting them, full 100 Damage Counter and everything) and her killing me with the Gauntlet in the end.  Running straight up to the back of character with the Gauntlet for 3 seconds without them dying, and forcing someone up into a corner (A Doom Marine) wailing on them with Two Lightning Guns (BJ Character's Special) with Full Health and Overcharged Armor, and the Doom Marine killing me in on shot with a Rocket Launcher.Seriously, if there is an equipment manager and Armor Equipment thing that increases my stats or something I'm missing, game doesn't tell you about it."
,Not Recommended,611500,34488087,Posted: 25 August,all,Poutini,I don't think this game is ready for even Early Access yet. I've tried three times to make it through the tutorial but each time the game disconnected before I could finish. If the netcode can't even handle the tutorial (why does that even require a connection?) I'd hate to see how it functions in an an actual multiplayer game.
76561198066859585,Not Recommended,611500,35501765,Posted: 5 October,all,zxcv シ,This game features one of the worst netcodes ever made for any game. You guys should be awarded with a price for exceptionally bad programming. 29.99$ down the drain.
,Not Recommended,611500,34553249,Posted: 28 August,all,ChinchillaOnAcid,"||WARNING|| This is a Temporary Review that i may or may not edit if any thing that i listed on this review changes either negatively or positively.This Early Acess Champion packs contains the following:-An unique legendary skin called ""Gladiator"" for the champion named ""Ranger"".-3 lootboxes with a higher tier drop of cosmetics,known as ""Reliquaries"".-A pass for all the current champions and future ones.-And an early acess pass to play the game(obviously).Now for the pros and cons.Pros:-Stats that varies on each champion.-Variety of unique ""Ultimates"" and passives.-Lootboxes known as ""Backpacks"" that can be bought with ""Favor""(an in-game currency that can be won by playing matches,completing missions and completing rune challenges)-Fluid gameplay with some ""upgradable"" guns.-Rocket Jumps(Like the Quake we all know and love).Cons:-If you don't aquire the champions pack you will either have these two options:1- Buy In-game currency known as ""Platinum"" (which to aquire u need real money)to buy the champions separately2-Renting champions with ""Favor"" each renting trial has a period of 24 hours(After reading some other reviews i discovered it's 24 hours in real time so even if you are offline your rental is slowly decaying this and not having an option to aquire permanently the champions with ""Favor"" itself is quite disappointing)-Melee Weapon is not shown on the weapons list you have on your right side of the screen and also can't be equipped unless pressed the default binded button or the one you binded,so no scroll wheel equipping.-Lore, oh boy here we go.....To find the lore you need to destroy, objects on the map that can be destroyed by default ofc and on each round there is only One Lore on the map........so beside you shooting and trying to survive and win if you want that legendary skin or those skins you must go destroy vases and other inanimated objects like you are in a Legend of Zelda game...-Unbalanced? I got level 20's on my games and i was merely level 1 so on the first 2 minutes i was like WTH is going on? i was so lost since they had a lot more of experience on the maps than myself. So yeah maybe it was just me, but i feel like it's a bit unbalanced at least when i played and play it.So this one may or may not be accurate.-Toxic Community but what game hasn't? Kids telling you to kys and stuff like that when you kill them.Saying ez after winning a game...you know what kind overall.Overall: 5.5/10P2W-> Game that require forcing a player to spend Real Money to get a Champion Permanently.Unbalanced-> Having no balance of levels overall (enemy team can have higher/lower overall level and it's not a tiny difference that we are talking about).Gameplay-> Fluid,Satisfying Gameplay,Champion Variety by giving ""Ultimates"" and Passives,fairly-ish weapon balance.Final decision: I do not recomment this game to anyone beside the ones that can actualy buy this champion pack and obtain the perks of such. If you are waiting for the free to play release.....I hope and pray to god that you have enough funds on your wallet to keep feeding this insatiable monster that Bethesda released into the wild."
76561198008198805,Recommended,611500,34713772,Posted: 3 September,all,Joachim,"This game is a lot of fun, but hit detection is far from perfect and it seriously needs some anticheat.But this game is still in early access and it definitely has the potential to become a great competitive shooter.The champions all bring something unique to the table and keep the gameplay fresh. My favorite champions were B.J. Blazkowicz, Sorlag and Scalebearer.Once you know the layout of all the maps and where all pick-ups (weapons, quad, health or armor) are, the fun and fragging can really begin.I'll now wait until some urgent improvements are made before i continue playing this game, hopefully these arrive soon."
,Not Recommended,611500,34619573,Posted: 30 August,all,tegafaru,"The gameplay is great, this is Quake at it's core with some new features and some nice shiny graphics.The netcode on the other hand is unacceptable garbage. The upload rate is based on how high your FPS is, meaning the higher your FPS, the higher your ping. Limiting your FPS doesn't necessarily fix this issue either, I currently have massive delay with Vsync enabled which basically means I have to predict where my shots are going to hit in the near future otherwise they ain't gonna. So currently I have the choice of turning Vsync OFF and getting rubberbanding and lag up the wazoo, or turning Vsync ON and becoming a seer who can see into the future so my shots actually hit.Read up more on this issue here:https://www.reddit.com/r/QuakeChampions/comments/6azgkk/psa_upload_is_tied_to_fps_causing_massive_lag/This is a major issue that affects nearly everyone playing the game right now and because of it I do not recommend purchasing this game to anyone. When they fix this issue, and I hope to god they do because the rare moments I get when the game is actually playable are glorious, I will update this review to recommended."
76561198070177578,Recommended,611500,34728939,Posted: 3 September,all,𓃣 Cmdr. Bill [HMS Basilisk] 𓃣,Great game. Just wish I didn't keep getting bones stuck in my teeth.
76561198044018246,Not Recommended,611500,34766907,Posted: 5 September,all,Mr.Mishima,"Noting right now: You should probably wait until this game leaves early access. There is nothing right going on with the game right now.Loot boxes are unappealing, with a large focus on shaders and weapon shaders. Skins are ok, but in comparison to Overwatch, which have highlight intros, emotes, and victory poses, I just think Quake Champions could do so much more with this.It's hard for me to discuss runes because, as of right now, I've barely unlocked any (only have about 5) after this many hours of gameplay. But the ones I have feel...generic. As in, any champion could do this. Where are the champion specific rune challenges? Why are they locked behind RNG? Why Devs why?Lore drops, which give details about the characters in the game and unlock cool skins, are locked behind an rng quest and are randomly distributed to heroes you may not want to invest time into.Even the gameplay is messed up, with direct hits from weapons like the rocket launcher dealing no damage(Which often makes the difference between a win or a loss). When it works it's a thing of beauty, but netcode is so botched that it detracts so much from the overall experience.Hell, even the game menus, the most basic thing about a free to play, is so generic and bland that it takes away atmosphere more than it gives. The only saving grace about this is how each character shows their own personality when you select them. That's cool! Why isn't there more of that? Get rid of the bland stock images in, say, the lore menu. Put more flash in the store page. I honestly feel like a games presentation starts with the game opening up and sad to say; it's not enough here.I'm saying this right now, do not invest you will regret it. Wait until it's finished and free for all."
76561198057382131,Not Recommended,611500,34450440,Posted: 23 August,all,Clast,"I mean, it's Quake but with a variety of characters to choose from with different special abilities. What's not to like? Well, the netcode. I can't recommend the game right now because of all the stuttering going on with the netcode. The game definitely has potential though if they can fix that.UPDATE: I really want to like this, but the more I play, the ""micro-stuttering"" with the netcode gets more and more annoying. I really hope they fix this soon because it's easy to tell the game would be super-fun without this issue."
,Not Recommended,611500,34888321,Posted: 11 September,all,RazmanianDevil,"I have loved arena shooters ever since I have played quake on my dreamcast back in 1999 so i have experience playing quake, quake 2, quake 3, unreal tournament, unreal championship, and the most recently released FOR FREE Unreal Tournament 2017 (Notice i said its free). I will list the Pros and Cons about this game below.ProsNice GraphicsMoves like old quakePlays like old quakeStrafe Jumping still existsRocket Jumping still existsNice champion rosterAn arena based hero shooterNice weapon varietyNice map designNice community who is patient with new playersNot much toxicity compared to other fps gamesConsHero balance is attrocitousHeroes have different health and speed which makes no sense to me because i still stafe jump my way faster than most fast heroesNetcode is horrible to the point where I feel like im playing an even worse version of Modern Warfare 2Lighitng Gun is king there is no escaping it.Heroes abilities clearly have a tier in them some of which range from completely broken to complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tMICROTRANSACTIONS but i understand it will soon be free to play so ill give it a passPlaying field is NOT even. The thing i liked about arena shooters is the only advantage you had was your spawn point the way quake champions is structured currently that is not the case.You won't notice you are being damaged until you are already dead.Current veridct 4/10 the game in its current state is completely unbalanced and unenjoyable. It will only leave you in a hit red pitted ball of rage because for some reason you can never get a 1-shot with a line gun but you can get 2 shotted with the lightingin gun. You will also leave in a blind rage when you are putting your entire machine gun into the lizard guy (forgot his name) he then turns around spits acid on you and runs away then you die from bleeding to death. In other words in its current state I cannot recommend this game to anyone I will uninstall for now and update my review when the game comes out of early access and finalize this review depending on if it improved or got worse overtime."
,Recommended,611500,34939536,Posted: 13 September,all,𝓜ε𝔰𝔥,"Verry epic game .... that i can't play on Steam, it keep saying wrong PASSWORD when i try to login. but then i go to play Quake Champion on the BETHESDA launcher and it work prefectly find. Can you fix this ? or am i doing something wrong?im a very  very very big quake player since 1999 . make it work lol"
76561198010207540,Not Recommended,611500,34453803,Posted: 23 August,all,guitarreichon,"After half a year in open beta the game remains being a technical mess. Can't recommend it in this state, if not ever.- Visibility is horrible. Really can't see anything.- Netcode just doesn't work well, as reported by many. The game always feels laggy and sometimes rockets just don't connect. Plus there's very few servers across the globe and players can't upload their own.- Match Making takes forever, and there are so many unnecessary screens and warmups in between matches that you usually wait for at least 10 minutes before the next one starts.- Severe memory leaks to this day. Professional players actually restart the game every two matches, otherwise the game starts stuttering.- Game takes forever to load.- Very few content, and even then it's not polished at all.Overall the game feels like a low budget title, that somehow costs $30 (in the future it will cost $40 + microtransactions). It really shows this isn't an in-house id software title, but outsourced to a mediocre Russian developer called Saber Interactive."
,Recommended,611500,34457600,Posted: 24 August,all,Kur,"Not for the feint of heart, if you're new to the Quake Arena-shooter genre and lacking a good optical mouse that runs smoothly and/or vulnerable to motion sickness easily then I won't recommend this game, this game's learning curve is very steep, I tried alternatives keybinds and it's really intriguing to mention that your standard everday WASD-1234 keybind WON'T be sufficient lolTo start with, playing around alone in a custom game fiddling around with the mouse accel settings is really fun! The doomguy / Doom Slayer character is really well made and feels a lot like Doom 2016's multiplayer mode character; double jumping included!cons: you might suffer some frame loss even playing in low settings if your PC doesn't have 16GB of RAM, for now I still yet have no idea how to fix that..."
,Recommended,611500,34538416,Posted: 27 August,all,Flip Flap,Best Game!
,Recommended,611500,34537809,Posted: 27 August,all,TheDayDude,"This is... surprisingly a pretty solid Quake game. I think it captures what a lot of different people want out of it too:-At it's core, is still a classic and clean arena shooter. It mostly comes down to good ol map control and out manuevering each other.-There's a LIGHT modern touch - just enough to make it something new and appealing. The different ""champions"" don't have that significant of an impact on the gameplay - you mainly just have to recognize when someone is using their ability and how to counter it. It's really just another weapon if you think about it, just unique ones.-For that tiny minority I guess I fall in (the ones who secretly hoped we'd get the single player reboot/sequel treatment of Quake 1), there is some really nice nods to the original game itself. Ranger is what you would expect him to be after all this time travelling through lovecraftian dimensions: hardened but scarred. There's a ton of references to your favorite void mother Shub-Niggurath and other Elder God related things. Hell, even the levels are directly influenced from the first game, and that makes me feel right at home."
,Recommended,611500,34427086,Posted: 22 August,all,qdbp,░░░░▒▄▄░░░░░░░▄▄▒░░░░░░▒██▓░░░░░░░░░▓██▒░░░▒██▒░░░░░░░░░░░▒██▒░▒██▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓██▒▒██▓░░░░░░▄░░░░░░▓██▒▒███▒░░░░▓█▓░░░░▒███▒░▒███▓▒░░▓█▓░░▒▓███▒░░░░▓█████████████▓░░░░░░░░▒▓███████▓▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░▒▓█▓▒░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓█▓░░░░░░░░░O)_(O
,Recommended,611500,34516640,Posted: 26 August,all,Lord KKs,"This game makes Overwatch looks like a walking in the park, hahaha.Love the heroes, the skills, the fast paced gameplay, the maps, the weapons, this game is awesome! It just need more heroes, more skins, more maps, and more servers outside US.Don't know about game modes, it could have more, but i like the ones that we already have: Deathmatch, Team deathmach, 1x1, and Sacrifice (get the orb to your side of the obelisk). There are some modes that just woudn't fit with Quake's design.Since we have Doom Slayer, maybe we could see Masterchief from Halo?? lol ^^"
,Recommended,611500,34537755,Posted: 27 August,all,Jean,A great feeling to play a game again when you die you only have yourself to blame for screwing up - and I screw up a lot.
76561198002690569,Recommended,611500,34473914,Posted: 24 August,all,GearMo,"Quake is back baby, love it."
76561198131935491,Recommended,611500,34549751,Posted: 28 August,all,La_Anarquista,"I haven't played PC games for very long.  My main shooter growing up was Halo which I played very competetively.   I absolutely adore this game.  Kills are so satisfying to get.  Yes you will get whooped a bit, but just make sure you never engage without stocking up on items.  You will learn the game in due time.   This is probably the most fun I've had playing a shooter in several years."
,Recommended,611500,34524717,Posted: 27 August,all,skankityspence,"I can confidently say this has massive potential to bring Quake back into mainstream. The only con I can see right now is that there is a little bit of a stuttering problem, but I'm hoping this will be addressed soon."
76561198044083900,Recommended,611500,34551179,Posted: 28 August,all,^4D^7ea^4T^7h,One of the best game I've ever played
76561197971710464,Recommended,611500,34579085,Posted: 29 August,all,Sholva,"First off, I want to point out that I rarely buy any Early Access games, I think most of these games need a lot of work where they're at that early development stage, or at least it usually is the case. But with Quake Champions I know it's not the same, as I believe the game will only stay in early access for a few months at most, it's pretty obvious the game is already tournament-ready as we saw in the recent Quakecon championships, and that means it'll probably be released soon'ish.Now, I also want to point out that I myself am not a Quake fanboy, I don't live and die by what Quake means, I'm aware it's one of (if not THE) best arena FPS game franchises up to this day, that much is true, but I've always been a fan of those ""underdog"" and underrated games that tried to take the best of other games and make it their own by adding their own set of ideas. Quake's always been very popular, just like Unreal Tournament, and while I loved these franchises back in 1999-2000'ish, I was more of a Soldier of Fortune player, a game that borrowed the Quake 2 formula of arena shooter, added some interesting Unreal Tournament style weapons, and some stuff from other games like Half Life as well, including headshots with most weapons.So, that brings me to the present day, I'm not a Quake veteran, not even a skilled amateur really, but I've already spend like dozens of thousands of hours playing other online arena shooters, at the very top level of skill possible back in the day, or at least as best we could back then. Quake Champions is very well polished in my opinion, for many reasons hard to explain to someone that hasn’t spent countless hours perfecting their muscle memory and learning every possible inch of a certain map on a videogame. To those kinds of people I have to say: QC feels like old school FPS when it comes to map design, while adding certain modern touches, indeed, which don't detriment the final experience when learning or playing these maps.For me, level design is a very important part of any game, but especially arena shooters, because maps need to be designed in a way that makes sense to navigate through them, and look for stuff laid around the map because we need that stuff, not because the map it's cool to look at or explore. This is an arena, we're here to frag everyone else, and we need tools for that. Level design has to directly reflect this, and also support the fact that we need to be moving at a very high speed, most of the time. And yeah, QC levels are like that, mostly, there're still some maps that might need a little bit of polish here and there but for the most part it's obvious the developers know their arena shooters very well, I'm happy with that.The game has all the Quake weapons you can think of, minus the grenade launcher which has been switched out for the new tribolt...just deal with it, honestly, if you don't know or learn how to use any weapon in the game to mastery levels you don't really deserve to be called an arena FPS veteran or anything like that. Learning stuff is fun, and makes us play better in the long run, simple as that.When it comes to movement, the game has all the possible type of movement mechanics seen on past iterations of the franchise, inclusing popular mods as well, so that should make everyone happy I suppose, at least it offers some variety because now you have to decide which champion suits your skill best, or also opens a lot of options to learn new movement mechanics for those, like me, who don't necessarily know all of them perfectly well yet. A good choice, IMO, adding all these different movement options depending on the champion we choose, good move there : )Netcode is a very important part of online games, and QC's netcode has improved a lot in the latest patches, certainly, it's still not perfect but miles better than let's say, 2 months ago.Overall, I thought I'd break my rule of ""not buying into Early Access games"" because honestly, this is a new Quake game, they deserve the support, and it's clear that they don't want to keep it on Early Access for too long, plus the game's very much enjoyable as it is right now. You don't have to pay a cent for the game though, only right now if you want to play in Steam, until they decide to open the free version for steam users as well (it's still free if you had a beta key using theirbethesda.netlauncher anyway).These type of games don't grow on trees, sadly, so if you're like me in your mid-late 30s or even older, you probably have played like a million hours of these old school games. You know it deserves the money, because if we don't show any kind of support, this just won't happen, ever, again, and we'll only have our old memories to remember how cool these games used to be.So yeah, the game's not perfect, as no game really is, but it is what it is, a game that teaches us a hard lesson: there's always someone better than us, so there's at least one good reason to keep playing it, to get better and better, and that's fun to me, and I hope it is for all of you who play it.And yeah, try to be respectful to those who are new and want to start learning this game, you were that guy ONCE, some long ago, some of you not so much, we've been there, some of us are still aiming to improve, and seeing people act like kids towards the new players really seems quite pathetic and uncalled for. Let's create a comfortable place to enjoy what we like, so it can remain alive for many years to come, shall we?"
76561198286958332,Recommended,611500,34570091,Posted: 28 August,all,Krzysiek,"Still a bit unbalanced, but definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,611500,34706839,Posted: 3 September,all,Pim #Baby Mario,Its time to put thousands of hours into this game now really enjoying this for my go to fps if only unreal tournament 4 would show up Quake and Unreal series were two of my first fps games I ever played.
,Recommended,611500,34631963,Posted: 31 August,all,CrownDeaglE,"Let me assure you, after almost 18 years experience in the Quake series,Its as Quake as you can get."
,Recommended,611500,34726330,Posted: 3 September,all,-Tw2- Vehvos,"So far Quake champions lives up to the fast paced, explosive, strafing fun expected of a quake game, however some problems exist1. hitboxes, these of couse seem to need to be fixed in every shooter these days, but the diversity in the guns avaliable makes this a strange case, certain guns like the super shotgun will one tap sometimes but will do almost no damage despite the bullets making clear contact2. the champions, while this makes sense as team based charater, shooters are the big thing at the moment certain characters do not fit the mold of the game and this is seen as some are more or less un seen is certain or all modes. The only one I personally have a problem with is anarchy, and only in duel mode. His lack of lound movement sound and strange movement patterns coupled with the arc gun or missle launcher makes for quite an annoying combo. combine that with his ability to heal and speed buff makes him even more annoying.3. map variety, this is obviously because the game is new but i constanlty play the same 3 maps. Hopefully they can get many more out in the near future."
,Recommended,611500,34616005,Posted: 30 August,all,Skace,"(Early Access) The rocket launcher feels right and that is the most important part. The physics could be a bit better, latency / rubber banding / prediction minor issues. The rune mod pales in comparison to proper CTF (which is where it should go). Map count is small. 4v4 / 10 minute rounds are all very small in comparison to average Q1 style matches. Would love to see more era-specific additions (quake 1 style maps, quake 2 style maps, etc).All things considered, I like it more than Quake Live. I feel it attempts to even handedly represent different Quake generations (which is nearly impossible at this point). I look forward to seeing where they go with it.Oh and the store is stupid, but people love that stuff these days I guess."
,Recommended,611500,34569077,Posted: 28 August,all,Dan Valentine,"Highly reccomend for anyone competitive TF2 players to give a go in the arena, a new environment from a usual game is very refreshing. Stays true to the quake theme of the arena shooter, highly reccomend."
,Recommended,611500,34675158,Posted: 1 September,all,!BuKeT,Play this game!
,Recommended,611500,34540504,Posted: 27 August,all,MJtheMC,"OK. So if you have DOOM you will see MANY similarities, but that's not neccisarily a bad thing. I will say that I HATE the menu system. It's hideious. The ""Champions"" are all pretty corny, hope they add more. Also customization is lacking. The core base game is fun as hell though. Brings back those Quake and Unreal Tournament feelZ. This game will be a gem if they continue to improve on it! Hope to see more game modes, just more modern options."
76561197975464984,Recommended,611500,34589272,Posted: 29 August,all,Dinosauce,I like it. Haven't played a quake game since q3. Its awesome to see some of my fav characters reimagines with today's graphics (visor looks amazing). There definitely some things the need changing or improving (hiring champions being pretty over priced imo) but overall i recon this is a solid title and am looking forward to its hopefully positive future.
,Recommended,611500,34623887,Posted: 30 August,all,Baron Cappuccino,"Quake Champions is a first for me. It's an e-sports motivated, hyper competitive, skill-oriented arena shooter that stands a good chance of carving out a piece of the pie for itself from League, DoTa, Overwatch and any other massively popular games getting attention these days. I got it not long after getting Doom 2016 and discovering I enjoy this style of shooter. Then I decided I needed to try and excel in something, and I wanted to get in on the ground floor, so here I am. I'm having a great time at it.Some things you'll probably want to know before getting involved is that there's no discrimination in the match making. If you have to read my review to decide if a Quake game is right for you, this probably matters. You just might find yourself getting annhilated by players who've been playing Quake since the 90s. You and I merely adopted the Quake. These players were born into it. If you're not willing to take the punches ,you might be best served waiting till better player segregation comes along.Mechanically, Quake is awesome. The pace is lightning fast - like Doom 16 if you played that. If someone told me it was produced by the same team, I wouldn't be surprised. The heros seem remarkably fragile, so death is quick and often, but respawn is very fast, so you always feel in the game. There's a depth to the game that isn't immediately apparent, and a lot of mechanics for each character that you really have to dig around to discover. Quake Champions is like the star football player who's content to let that be his sole public persona, despite pursuing a PHD in chemistry. There's definitely more than meets the eye.One issue I hope Bethesda resolves soon is capping the texture quality at medium as a solution to some memory leak that was apparently wreaking havoc before I got the game. I'm running Quake flawlessly with all the other settings at ultra, and that one medium is out of place. Anyhow - definitely give this one a try."
,Recommended,611500,34456524,Posted: 24 August,all,OldManRico,"As a long-standing member of the Quake club with some 20 years of experience, I've been eagerly looking forward to Quake Champions.It doesn't disappoint!Those familiar with previous Quake games will feel instantly at home here. This is the same frantic, visceral, balls-to-the-wall fragfest as its predecessors.Quake Champions will not coddle you. It won't wrap you in cotton wool and tell you nice things. You'll be thrown into the arena and it'll be sink or swim. You need to get up to speed, and fast! If you want a shooter that's on rails, this isn't your guy. This is a shooter thathasrails, and they will splatter you across the arena before you can blink.To keep things fresh there are some new twists, the main one being different stats and abilities for the various Champions. While Quake 3 Arena had different characters and models, they were all actually identical with it came to gameplay. Quake Champions changes things up by offering different movement mechanics, speeds, starting health & armour, and the main difference: abilities.But don't dismay! Abilities are an embellishment that offer a bit of variety and another thing to think about when you're fighting in the arena. They add to the experience, and fundamentally Quake Champions is still all about aiming, health and armour management and map control. You will die to abilities, but none are ""I win"" buttons.You can also ignore all the guff. You don'tneedskins, cosmetics, rune challenges etc. If you just want to get in and frag your bum off, go ahead.On to some specific points regarding the Early Access state of the game:- there's no competitive mode yet- the tutorial isn't complete- the ""Stay and play"" feature doesn't always work; sometimes you have to exit the game and requeue- it still pays to restart the game after a while, as memory leaks can lead to stuttering and lag- there's no CTF yet; but it will come!"
76561198018529208,Recommended,611500,34635308,Posted: 31 August,all,alka,"Just played my first game. Liked it a lot, seemed to run smoothly and quickly for me on a gtx770. Did remind me a bit about the old days in Q3. I'm going to have to play a fair bit to get good, but I'm happy to say I did manage a few kills on my debut though I was gibbed plenty. Good game, I'm looking forward to playing more of it. Recommended, especially if you want a hit of Q3."
,Recommended,611500,34674315,Posted: 1 September,all,ProteXus,"I'm having a blast with this game! If you are looking for fast paced shooter action, you should definitely check this out.Not the easiest game to get into, but when you start hitting those middies... Oh boy, then you're in for a good time."
,Recommended,611500,34524271,Posted: 27 August,all,ThomasThomas,"Very fast paced and challenging combat, having a great time with it.However the netcode leaves a bit to be desired, having any kind of high ping is nearly unplayable but that's not been a massive issue for me."
,Recommended,611500,34565226,Posted: 28 August,all,Mertboy,Looks good but needs to fix that lag problem urgently
76561198035887894,Recommended,611500,34565541,Posted: 28 August,all,żyrafa,"Very fun. I have noticed some odd occurances with hit reg at times, but nothing serious, nor duplicatable. Worth the money for the champions pack imo. I would have thrown 30$ at the devs of this game for less, if im being honest."
,Recommended,611500,34571246,Posted: 29 August,all,gunfighterrr,"A breath of fresh air and nostalgia for the old school Quake boys/girls. If you liked Q3 Team Arena, you'll love this game. Even with the new champion system with special abilities, the abilities are not OP to the point where it breaks the game.To be successful in this game, you need to be well rounded. That involves many things such as knowing map pathing, respawn timers for items, knowing where and when to strafe jump (bunny hop)...you need to know how to strafe jump or you will get a reality check. The game is all shot placement/angles/positioning/movement.If you are new to Quake and want to find a game which will challenge you every time you play, then check out Quake Champions. If you are looking for a game to casually play online by yourself and aren't willing to put the time in to get better including learning maps, then look else where.Also take note, that the game will eventually be free to play. Paying for the game now grants you early access, along with all the current champions unlocked and every champion released in the future as well. If you are thinking about playing Quake Champions competitively, this will benefit you greatly as you will get to know the current maps available. You will be ahead of the crowd."
,Recommended,611500,34627203,Posted: 30 August,all,Alt_Human,"The best fps game right now. It's tough to get in at first, but some practice will make you love quake champions"
,Recommended,611500,34566053,Posted: 28 August,all,froppy,"Fast paced, smooth, and lots of fun. Weapon balancing can be a little better (laser gun op). There's loot boxes which is whatever and character customization is limited but the core gameplay is well worth the 30$.9/10"
76561197980850746,Recommended,611500,34725280,Posted: 3 September,all,FiCtIOn,"As a big QuakeWorld and then Quake II player, Quake 3 was somewhat lost on me. Quake II took a big departure from Q1 but paid off for my tastes, 3 not so much (We won't even talk about 4).  Arena had something gimmicky about the aesthetic and something not at all 'Quake' about it despite being a highly competitive shooter (f*ck bones, sarge and the plasma gun).Quake Champions has, so far, brought me back into the Quake franchise and doesn't seem to carry any of the baggage from Q3 which irritated me. Strafe jumping seems less intense and easy to work into and the champions bring an interesting dynamic which definitely add to matches without getting in the way of the pew pew. In many ways it is a straight port of Quake 3 mechanics, but minus the mysterious element which just annoyed me (that I don't know what it is).If you're an Arena player then it's a no brainer, it's pretty much the same game and you're easily pleased. If you're from further back in the franchise, the game has certainly returned to it's dark theme and altogether feels much more like a Quake offering. The cosmetics available and other means of progression give a fun new take on playing Quake online and also makes up for the ridiculous metropolitan grunge/punk champions flying around on skateboards."
76561197976150116,Recommended,611500,34731044,Posted: 4 September,all,dolphn64,Great. Totally addicted. Q3 was my jam and champions has the same pace. The daily challenges are a welcome addition and I love that there is are alot of unlockables to keep me coming back. Instant classic imho well done Bethesda
,Recommended,611500,34540376,Posted: 27 August,all,ImStreamlined,"Saddest boy of 2K17 reviews Quake ChampionsSo I've been streaming Quake Champions since the NDA lifted and got in on the first beta wave. Personally I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game but I do have a history with Quake that may lead me to be bias so I'll do my best to objectively dissect why I think this is a good entry in the series.GameplayAt first I really hated Quake Champions, but I think it's more because I wanted to hate it for the Champions aspect not to mention I was really bad when I originally picked this up. I think that's the main 'flaw' with the gameplay aspect of Quake Champions, it isn't something that's easy to get into. You'll get destroyed game after game for a long time until you get the curve and there isn't really anywhere for you to practice other than just jumping into another game and putting up with it. If you think you're good at first person shooters this game will beat the crap out of you and make you reconsider that.The gameplay is Quake from start to finish, this isn't a hero shooter in the same way Overwatch is, leave those comparisons at the door.MonetizationSince Quake Champions is a Free to Play entry in the series it is not a surprise that people will be very skeptical of the monetization aspects. There are three different in-game currencies; Favor, which is earned through playing games and daily goals. Platinum, which is the currency you can buy with money which can be used for cosmetics and permanent champion unlocks. And Shards, which are what you get whenever you get a duplicate of an item, you can unlock all cosmetics with Shards except the Vanity items.Champions can be drops from any level loot box, so you don't have to put down money to get them and you can rent any Champion you'd like for 24 hours by spending 5000 favor, which you can accumulate easily in one day of playing.Biggest Cons so FarSo far the biggest cons for Quake Champions are primarily netcode and connection based. Rubber banding is a very frequent problem and it's ridiculously annoying, performance isn't really optimized at the moment either which can pose a problem on older machines.I've heard that players with less than 0.5mbps upload will experience terrible connections and will basically have the game be unplayable to them.Overall OpinionsI honestly believe investing in the Early Access for Quake Champions is 100% worth while and I am excited to see how the community and game grows, everyone in the Australian community is quite kind and caring, most have even come past streams of mine on Twitch and encouraged the community to grow further.There are issues that need to be ironed out and for that reason I think you should heavily consider the power of your computer and your internet connection before deciding to put the money down on this game.If you want to put time into a game and get good at it I can't think of many games more rewarding than Quake Champions."
,Recommended,611500,35399511,Posted: 1 October,all,[GLP] AcerX.Jr,This is an awesome game for all that are Quake lovers.My problem is the hit detection and that damn Lightning gun where everyone goes around W1 with it all the time.Right now the Lightning gun is to OP. I will change this if they nerf the gun.
,Recommended,611500,34620860,Posted: 30 August,all,"Sam ""One Way Ryde"" Hyde","At first I was hesitant about having ""heroes"" in a Quake game, but it seems that it's not exactly to the game's detriment, and if they continue to tweak the characters it'll end up playing out quite nicely. Queue times are pretty long, the playerbase isn't incredibly large but that feeling you get when scoring a mid-air kill with the railgun still persists.I'm hoping this game isn't DOA as it leaves EA, because it is a genuinely fun and unique experience, although not remotely similar to QL, Q3A, or Q2.Also bring back Orbb and Bones"
,Recommended,611500,34589938,Posted: 29 August,all,namba1wan,"HELL YEAH!Devs, we need CA mode!"
,Recommended,611500,34576871,Posted: 29 August,all,Alfjeder,"You strafe jump, you rocket jump, you frag, you die!"
76561198013820698,Recommended,611500,34582530,Posted: 29 August,all,Firstname,Welcome back Quake.
,Recommended,611500,34560088,Posted: 28 August,all,Undercrownandcookies,"Some things I like: Strafe jumping, plays like the original quake.Something I don't like: lighting gun has too long of a range, damage should taper off the farther the target is.Overall: Recommend if you like arena shooters."
,Recommended,611500,34515140,Posted: 26 August,all,FŧŞĦFŧИŞ,Do you like having hair on your chest?This game will put it on you.
,Recommended,611500,34549448,Posted: 28 August,all,Polkadi,"Waste no time looking at reviews, you gotta get Quake Champions. I've been with it since the Closed Beta, and this game improves with every update. Sure, some things would need to be fixed, but whatever problems you find are usually fixed in the very next update.In it's current state in Early Access, I recommend Quake Champions for all to play. When all it's problems are fixed up and the game all ready and officially released, the game will certainly be one to play if you're looking to play competitively, or just screw around for fun :)Do check it out soon!"
,Recommended,611500,34517149,Posted: 26 August,all,Piraat,"Amazing game, new to quake and really enjoying myself."
,Recommended,611500,34562204,Posted: 28 August,all,"spine,,,,,,",Ya slishkom star dlya etogo der'ma
,Recommended,611500,34598597,Posted: 29 August,all,乙,"Well , now this is what I have been waiting for. The same old quake with better visuals, gameplay and now it has champions with unique abilities?Awesome, even though there are some bugs in the game, I'm sure it will be fixed by the time the Game launches."
,Recommended,611500,34598415,Posted: 29 August,all,TuB Life,"This very fast pace first person shooter, which started the skilled bunny hopping laser shooting one kill HEAD SHOT! DOUBLE KILL! TRIPLE KILL! ULTRA KILL! MONSTER Kill... MMMOOONNNSSTTTERRRRRR!GOD LIKE!It's some what like that...Updated maps, players/class, weapons. They added a special power each class gets to help them win. I love the game and I'm working on my bhopping. I will reach GOD like soon..."
76561198184963457,Recommended,611500,34596076,Posted: 29 August,all,DragTheLake,Awesome game
,Recommended,611500,34675580,Posted: 1 September,all,Monkeys and Doritos,its a fun game with some bugs but it is in early acces and get it chepaer now and also get all the chapmions now and forever
,Recommended,611500,34567411,Posted: 28 August,all,etze,It really has the quake 3 arena feeling. I love it even if i'm so bad at it.There's a lot of stuff to work on but devs seem to be working hard to improve the game.
,Recommended,611500,34694079,Posted: 2 September,all,c5,"(Ignore my low playtime, I played a ton of this on the bethesda client)I was worried about Quake Champions when it was first announced. The initial trailer made it look like they were trying to create an Overwatch clone and other attempts at doing an oldchool Arena FPS seem to have failed for whatever reason. I've tried basically every Indie attempt at this Genre, from Toxikk to Reflex to Wickland or whatever else came out, and while those were all well done games, they had tiny playerbases (possibly due to lack of advertising). Even the new Unreal, one of the flagship series in this genre, which is excellent and fun even in it's early alpha form, seems to get basically nonexistant advertising and is tucked away in the Epic Launcher. So Quake Champions had a lot riding on it, being the first really high profile Arena FPS with an actual marketing push.I'm pleased to say it's excellent. This truly is a real, honest to goodness Quake game. The ""heroes"" aspect isn't so much classes or an attempt to clone Overwatch as it is a neat way to accomodate different playstyles, but everyone more or less can handle the same situations. The abilities aren't game changing ultimates, they're just neat little thigns that can give you an extra push. Eveyrthing outside of that is basically classic Quake exactly as you remember it. It doesn't feel like Quake Champions is trying to make concessions or overly modernize, it just happens to take some recent ideas and incorporate them in a way that gels really well with classic Quake gameplay. Visually the game is stunning and extremely well optimized, even on maximum settings. It also seems like they smoothed out the load times from beta, which was my main issue.  Even thoughu the game is early access, it has enough content, polish, and players to be a full release and I think they honestly could have launched it full on without anyone blinking. This is the game I've been waiting for and it's truly worth it."
,Recommended,611500,34695011,Posted: 2 September,all,MARIANO,Quake is the one and only true king of fps.
76561197966793531,Recommended,611500,34556229,Posted: 28 August,all,THE HATED HUMANIST,"This is the closest I've ever felt a game has come to capturing the spirit of Unreal Tournament.Quake: Champions could be a staple of online competitive shooters as long as they commit to improving and expanding the game with free content.Love the addition of hero characters from other Bethesda games like the Doom marine and BJ Blaskowitz.Guys, we have steam refunds these days, no reason not to give this game a shot and see if you like for that 2 hour demo period."
,Recommended,611500,34765680,Posted: 5 September,all,Blueballz,"An amazing game, super fast ,super fun. Sadly , without matchmaking this game is going to fail miserably. the player base is too small and too skilled for newer players to have any fun. Noone likes to get thier♥♥♥♥♥♥pushed in constantly."
,Recommended,611500,34492324,Posted: 25 August,all,ogPaperBag,I selected intermediate and then realized that I was a beginner.
76561197999734696,Recommended,611500,34452734,Posted: 23 August,all,Jasonian,Highly recommended
76561198194052339,Recommended,611500,34510925,Posted: 26 August,all,TimWitt,"Quake Champions with Pantera or any other 90's metal band playing in the background is quite the adrenaline rush of cathartic, fast-paced, arena style shooting. It is amazing! just kinda sucks that there aren't any bot modes.."
,Recommended,611500,34494411,Posted: 25 August,all,clone,"Coming from someone who has never played quake before, this game is awesome! It's a fast paced twitch based shooter for those who are tired of worrying about team comp and strategy and just want to pit their skill against other peoples skill."
76561197975053362,Recommended,611500,34538668,Posted: 27 August,all,MPH2,Quake is Back!!!
,Recommended,611500,34716132,Posted: 3 September,all,xD,"Played beta, any quake game is better than whats out there for fps, should be good if this community grows big :)"
,Recommended,611500,34715459,Posted: 3 September,all,Blazey,"Freaking hardFreaking AWESOMETHIS IS ESPORT ! damn this game is good, it's still QUAKE but with the perfect twist. Watch Quakecon tournament if you don't know what you're judging. Don't watch 5 minutes and think you know what's going on, this game is deep and actually really well balanced already. The meta will evolve for a while yet and slight balance adjustments will be coming sooner or later but for now it is all about skill. The QuakeCon World Champion is such a godly skilled player, am in aweAnd it will be f2p on release with ingame currency to rent champions for more depth while you decide if it is worth the effort. Quake is a pressure cooker competitive environment but so much fun... give it a try when F2P :)"
,Recommended,611500,34451162,Posted: 23 August,all,Admirable,"As a Quake fan I love the whole concept of grounding the different movement mechanics from the Quake series to different heroes.Every release during the beta has brought improvements, so it seems probable that they will be able to iron out the netcode issues before release."
76561198343780898,Not Recommended,611500,35412068,Posted: 2 October,all,PureDeathCore,I wholeheartedly regret spending even 2 cents supporting this game. It's just as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as the day they released it and they haven't done♥♥♥♥♥♥to fix anything or even introduce crosshairs. Do yourself a favor and dont get this game. It wouldn't be worth a download even when it's free.
,Recommended,611500,34727786,Posted: 3 September,all,__literally the devil☠,"two characters can bhop goldsrc style. all other characters rely on strafejump+circlejumping. one can accelerate ~infinitely~ this way. one can walljump.netcode is currently iffy, but improving - it will eat your rockets occasionally. theyre working hard on it. no raw mouse input yet - theyre trying to figure out how to implement it without introducing input lag. there are built-in options for filtering & acceleration. i disable bothive been playing FPS since 98. this is the gameplay i cut my teeth on. dont engage until youve upgraded your rifle & collected armor. practice how to strafejump until you can do it backwards during a fight. drill your ♥♥♥♥ing aim. dont complain: its not the game. its you."
,Recommended,611500,34488230,Posted: 25 August,all,Wolf K,It's Quake.  With a few abilities.
,Recommended,611500,34488990,Posted: 25 August,all,Chudface,"Awesome, fast-paced shooter that requires a lot of skill. I've been playing since the beta, and while there are some issues with the game, they generally do not adversely impact your experience in-game. I'd definitely recommend giving this a try, as you get good value for money for this early access, with all current and future champs, and three reliquaries to get you started on the grind for pretty hats and weapon skins."
,Recommended,611500,34650659,Posted: 31 August,all,Murderlol,"I've been playing Quake since the original, and playing the multiplayer since Q2 (my family didn't have internet for Q1). I played a lot of Quake 3 and I've been playing Quake Champions since the first beta test. This game has changed a fair amount since then.Let me just get this out of the way first off - anybody who compares this to overwatch or lawbreakers or any other hero shooter has no idea what they're talking about and that should be an immediate sign you should disregard whatever they have to say about this game. The game does have champions with their own stats and abilities, but at its core it's still very much Quake. In fact this game is pretty much Quake 3, but with those unique champions added in.The base Quake 3 formula hasn't changed much. The game is still about good aim, map knowledge, item control, and fast movement. You can still strafe jump, rocket jump, etc. The main thing here is that each champion has their own stats, passive abilities and active abilities. For example, Nyx has a passive that lets her wall jump, and an active that makes her invisible and invincible (but unable to attack) for a few seconds. Clutch has quick dodging and accelerates more from running in a straight line, plus has a shield that can also be used a laser (basically a mini-LG). Anarki has air control and a self heal. Visor has infinite strafe jumping potential (infinite possible speed) and can see through walls on a cooldown. These abilities are useful in their own ways, but at the end of the day, your map knowledge, aim and item control are still more important in general for combat.Currently the game has 4 game modes: Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, Duel, and Sacrifice. DM and TDM are the same as always, but duel is a bit different now. You have to have 3 champions unlocked to even play it (sorry F2P players, at least till you get lucky with loot boxes), but you pick 3 champions at the start and the first person to eliminate all of their opponents champions wins. Sacrifice is an objective-based mode where there is a soul that needs to be sacrified. It's sort of like one flag CTF, in that each team has a base, and needs to capture the flag (soul) and bring it back. However in this mode, sacrificing takes time and the first team to get their sacrifice to 100% wins.There's currently 11 champions in the game and they're all fairly well balanced, although the top 4 are clear winners in most situations (Nyx, Anarki, Slash, Sorlag). That being said, Ranger is who you get if you choose not to buy the champion pack and he's one of the better champions in the game, having reduced self damage for easier rocket jumping and an active ability that doubles as a teleport and an explosive that deals the same damage as a rocket launcher on hit, also allowing him to telefrag people.The current maps are Blood Covenant, Burial Chamber, Ruins of Sarnath, Lockbox, Tempest Shrine, Blood Run, Corrupted Keep, and Church of Azathoth. They are all pretty good maps, and a couple of them should be familiar to series veterans. Lockbox is generally the least favorite for most players but other than that one the maps are well made.In general the gameplay is well crafted. The weapons feel punchy, the movement is fast and controls well, the UI is good and relays information smartly. Some of the pickup icons changed a bit (such as the armors) but other than that no real issues. The only real issues are the hitboxes which wrap around the characters instead of being actual boxes, and the hit detection with rockets and rails is sometimes off due to netcode issues. They've been working on it and it's a bit better after the early access patch, but it still happens.If you're a fan of Quake and want a new entry to the series that does the previous games justice, this is it. If you're not satisfied by this, you probably won't be satisfied at all because this is the best blend of old and new we could have hoped for."
,Recommended,611500,34431072,Posted: 22 August,all,Saurok963,"In its current state, the game is already extremely fun, balanced, and satisfying. I'm very hopeful for its future. The official trailers and videos don't capture the actual gameplay very well. Go search for frag videos or something.Before the Steam Early Access, I played hundreds of games in the Quake Champions closed and open betas. Based on this, I can confidently say that the devs have been making amazing changes based on player feedback, and the game is definitely headed in the right direction.Despite what some people might want you to believe -- this is Quake. The champs offer unique flavors to suit player preferences, but the gameplay is still 100% Quake. Hopping into deathmatch is an incredible and nostalgic adrenaline rush; I had forgotten what I was missing. I can't go back to other FPS games now, and I can't understand how I ever settled for such watered-down experiences in the first place.The Champions are extremely well-balanced right now. You can pick whoever you want and trust that the better player will win. The Quake Live veterans are stomping public QC games into the ground using every available champion. The top Quake players from the past are still the top players in Quake Champions. Individual skill wins out.I'll finish this review later."
,Recommended,611500,34754699,Posted: 5 September,all,vampy81,"System: I7-6700K @ 4.00GHz - 16GB RAM – GeForce GTX 980 @ Win10game is great – deserves more players!It’s quake and it’s not. I mean that in a good way. If you want the pure quake feeling than Quake Live is for you. This is Quake with a twist. The champions abilities aren’t overpowered und really well balanced in the current state. The gfx are stunning and the framerate is stable. The shop prices for weapon skins are ridiculous. The railgun from Quake2 costs over 10EUR. For a Weapon Skin! But it’s early Access. I hope the adjust the shop costs. I’m willing to buy a sweet Q1 Rocketlauncher Skin for nostalgia reasons, but not at the current costs.I hope the playerbase will rise in the next months. Even if your not into the 1on1 DUELL Scene, you can have fun with the simple but classic DEATHMATCH – kill everyone that moves or get killed!"
,Recommended,611500,35240415,Posted: 27 September,all,einfelds,"I've held off on writing a review for this game because I haven't given it a decent enough crack to really judge it properly, but I think its appropriate now.It's a good game at its core, and I recommend picking it up whenever you're able to, because its a fun game and its brought back the arena shooter genre to the mainstream, which is fantastic, but there are many glaring issues that just make the game frustrating to play-lack of balance: many of the champions are just objectivley better than others, some are far easier to use, and others harder.-shocking hit registration: consistent hit registration in games like Quake are a must for it to play well, but as of 27/09 this is not the case. nails go through gamers, direct hit rockets do 2-4 damage, machine gun doesn't hit the enemy etc. the only weapons that have near consistent hit reg are the tri-bolt, railgun and the gauntlet.-team deathmatch: you'll hardly ever have a game of tdm where the teams, level and skillwise, will be even, of course levels are arbitrary, but they indicate how much of the game that a person has played. you might have a game where the other team has 4 level 30s, and yours has a level 10 and 3 level 2s, without proper fixing for modes like this it'll cause new players to lose interest in playing the game.-level design: some of the maps are trash, like lockbox for example, good level design for a game like quake is a must but without new maps every once in a while, it gets stale.-its probably going to be a free to play game judging by the ability to purchase things with real world cash already, splashing ~$30 probably isnt a good bet.of course there are pros to this-it feels like quake: this game feels like a quake game, like quake 3's arena mode (which it is based off). even if its touch and go for some parts, it still feels technically soild and fun to play/-player base is small, but is good: the player base, due to a lack of significant advertising from bethesda is small, but is dedicated to playing the game, you'll be able to find a match most hours of the day, most days of the week. with more advertising, by either paying steam to put it on the front page of the store, or word of mouth this could take off pretty quickly-the developers seem keen to balance things (even if they take their time): for an early access game like this, youd be hoping for a significant level of developer support, and from the beta, where anarki for example had base 95 health, there has been changes to balance it. without doing a significant amount of looking into it, the developers seem like they're keen to listen to players to help make an enjoyable playing experience.honestly, if youre a fan of FPS games, pick it up, if youre a fan of classic quake games, pick it up, but be aware that the game is horribly unfinished, and incredibly unbalanced so prepare yourself for frustrating times ahead"
76561198060059150,Recommended,611500,34427401,Posted: 22 August,all,REDDGrrr,"After CBT13 (Close Beta Testing patch number) this game finally became playable and rewarding. I have been very disappointed when this game was open for first betatesters, but now I will fully vouch for it, game is in almost perfect state.Still some technical issues persist for other players, but with my bad internet and medium rig, this game runs smooth and its very enjoyable. Greatest domain is a Deathmatch and Duel, Possibly TeamDeathmatch (with still not perfectly working matchmaking) and broken mod Sacrifice, that I wouldnt recommend to brand new players as it is the most boring mod for majority of all people.Hint - if you are a new player coming to the game, make sure you check countless tutorials on how to play which are available on youtube as it might be a big shock when you get wrecked by veterans (like me) who has been playing this game for decade. Skill gaps are huge and there is nothing more frustrating then getting spanked and having no clue why (and no, cheaters are extremely rare here, most of the time you are just being crushed by skill)"
,Recommended,611500,34789959,Posted: 7 September,all,tjckso,"Since latest update they legit made the game feel so much better, improved netcode, peformance, rubber banding etc. 10/5"
,Recommended,611500,34449371,Posted: 23 August,all,Donkonky,"It's worth mentioning before I summarise my thoughts here that I'm a QUAKE veteran of some 15 years tenure. I was playing just about as soon as I could move my hands fast enough to last more than 30 seconds on my Dad's old late-90s laptop and ball mouse setup. Good times.Anyhoo, that was then and this is now. Which is, by no small coincidence, a great summary of my thoughts. Everyone has ""their QUAKE"". Although I've blasted through each previous game on NIGHTMARE difficulty, and can pretty much finish QUAKE I/II with my eyes closed, I'd say that ""my QUAKE"" has to be QUAKE Live. It probably always will be my favourite, but that's just sentiment talking and has no place in the future.The game that you're currently thinking about purchasing / have just purchased is a new generation of something that thousands upon thousands of people care about very deeply. It's an old friend which has stuck with us more than most (in my case has seen off moving between three houses, countless girlfriends, my parent's divorce and a few family grievences) In short, the stakes are high.Whilst all other big shooter franchises (with the exception of Unreal Tournament- which is also brilliant) have sold-out, this new instalment into the QUAKE cannon hasn't. It's sent a sharp injection of life straight into the series' nervous system and it seems, although tentatively at the moment, that QUAKE is about to defend it's rusty crown once more.The changes are controversial: microtransactions, weapon skins, quests, levelling systems and character specific traits under the moniker of ""Champions"" are all things that QUAKE players have lambasted the rest of the multiplayer community for chasing. Yet, here we are. And it's good. Damn good. id have added all of these things into the Lovecraftian mix, which I'm sure will attract a new breed of player, and have also managed to retain that distinctly ""QUAKE"" feel. It's fast, brutal and requires chess-like precision to be mastered. Although I use the word lightly: QUAKE can never be truly mastered!It's becoming a fairly boring routine to see media outlets like PC Gamer and hapless whiners call all of these changes ""un-QUAKE"" and ""derivative"". Let them bait their ""likes"" and feel good about their directionless angst. Once You (an a real human with a working brain who thinks for themselves!) actually sit down to play it, you'll find all the negativity to be quite unfounded. What lies before you is, I hope, the next great eSport and a way for thousands (maybe millions!) more people to fall in love with a franchise that so very deserves to be cherished.If you're a veteran, you'll find it refreshing. If you're a rookie, you'll be blown away.Either way - I'll see you in the arena."
76561198018651602,Not Recommended,611500,35402126,Posted: 1 October,all,Wonkers,This game is bad in its current state. If you actually want to get good at the game you'll be met with frustrating rubber banding and poor hit detection. Don't waste your money on this game.
,Recommended,611500,34432952,Posted: 23 August,all,Ghosty,"Been playing this game since the first alpha wave went out. The developers have continued to listen to the community, iterate, and improve on the features of the game. It's truly becoming an amazing title that pays appropriate homage to the original Quake series and games. High skill, fast pace; razor-sharp accuracy and movement skills come together to deliver the ultimate in skillful arena shooter gameplay. The varied champion system helps compliment the old time-tested formula, and adds a new refreshing element to the competition. As stated, the game keeps getting better and better and closer to bringing Quake back to the pinnacle of the FPS esports genre. A welcome trip down memory lane with the modernization and optimization that makes it worthy of todays gaming standards."
,Recommended,611500,34461627,Posted: 24 August,all,PEENOOTZ,imagine the 90's fps pvp reborn todayits this.get this.
76561198048353055,Not Recommended,611500,35424224,Posted: 2 October,all,Middleclaw,"Spent £19.99 getting the early access pack on steam hoping to for a good game. Was good to start with, but that very quickly died down with very limited maps and ""champions"".No balancing when match making because you come across players who rip you a new one  before you even finish spawning and be riding a rocket to Valhalla or more likely being plugged into a wall socket more often than not.The quick match option is only quick if you measure things on a geological scale. You can expect to wait longer for matches to start than it takes to actually play a match. I've waited up to an hour for a match on day 2 before quitting.You are given a choice of two maps at the start of every match which. to me, is just hiding the fact that there is no more than six maps in the entire game total. Some maps are poorly made that it oftimes turns into a camping match over the mega health/armour and the quad damage."
,Recommended,611500,34430874,Posted: 22 August,all,he11sy,"Quake is back and looking great, bare in mind this is still early but very promising, if you want a game where you have to think about going into a room, is it safe, so i have a stack and weapons, did i hear anyone in there etc.When they get all the bugs out this will be a grand game. Pick it up if you played quake in the past.Looking forward to the future."
,Recommended,611500,34425909,Posted: 22 August,all,Zebrazilla,"Still Quake, still awesome. If you're a fan of Quake 3 Arena, Quake Live or arena shooters in general, get this without second thought. Been playing since start of closed beta; while there may still some concerns here and there yet to be addressed the game is solid enough to invest both money and time in."
76561198316226120,Recommended,611500,34428702,Posted: 22 August,all,Krypteia,Awesome game
,Recommended,611500,34441470,Posted: 23 August,all,AdvaИceD ✓,"It actually feels like a Quake game! The Champions dont really get in the way and do add alot of neat little mechanics into an old style AFPS. I am toroughly impressed and would recommend this fgame to anyone looking to play a FDPS that is all about skill. CS:Go is a former shell of Counter-Strike, Quake Champions is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing on point."
,Recommended,611500,35217247,Posted: 26 September,all,Ferocius,"Ok here we go:I was an avid Quake fan, played all Quake games but i got particularly hooked to Quake 3 Arena since December 1999. Spent countless hours playing it, on the times of 56k dial up connection. Damn, that game made me develop an impressive predictive shot skill, since you clicked the railgun, then almost a second later the shot came out. Still, enjoyed it like there was no tomorrow. After all these years i always hoped for a revamped, up to the times but faithful to the original Quake release and man, this is it!Now this is where it things get interesting: I ust have what we call a ""potato computer"", a crappy laptop not really designed for gaming. I have a Dell Inspiron 17R (model 5720) with a Core i7 3rd Gen (3612QM, 2.1GHz, 4 cores), 8GB of RAM (not officially supported but it can take 16GB of RAM) and, behold, an Intel HD 4000 integrated graphics video card. Running on Windows 10 64-bits and besides the standard crappy 5200 RPM HDD that came with the laptop i added a 256Gb SSD m2 drive for games. Ok so we are clear on my really crappy specs now, moving forward.Being such a fan of Quake series, i recently learned about this game by browsing Steam store, took my time to read the reviews and all, good things, bad things, etc. I wanted to play the game, but i had no idea of how (and if) this game would run under my conditions. Went impulsive and f%$# it, took the risk and bought the game. Downloaded, installed on the SSD and ran the game. The main menu was laggy af, first scare. Went straight to the settings and lowered every, EVERY single setting to the lowest possible. Menu turned totally smooth. Went to practice, everything ok. Played my first quick play, test passed! Although obviously everything looked horrible in terms of graphics quality, it was totally playable and with very responsive and fast FPS, adapted to the game's crappy graphics and after that it was all massive fun!I love the new mechanics and character abilities, they add a bit of new spice to the game and still, the same original feeling, fast paced action!So, bottom line: I TOTALLY recommend this game to every FPS lover, specially to the old-school gamers that played the previous games. The only con i found so far is the *very* lame soundtrack packed in this game. The music really does not makes honor to the nature of this game, i really miss the old hard metal adrenaline pumping tracks of Q3A, let's just hope the devs take note on this since this have been complained in the forums, as i checked.I hope this review helps, specially to those with low specs and in doubt. If your computer has my specs or above, you can make it totally playable at the sacrifice of graphics quality and resolution. Enjoy!"
76561197967655032,Recommended,611500,34474173,Posted: 24 August,all,Gp,"As a veteran having played thousands of hours of quake for 20 years, I highly recommend QC.Its fast, skillfull, very very pleasant to move around and shoot. Duel is still that unlimited skill ceiling game mode that you'd expect and I welcome with arms wide open the new champions system. Its a breath of fresh air to the series and it has embraced all the codes of modern e-sport.For newcomers I'd recommend waiting for all the tutorials, the ladder and proper matchmaking to be implemented so you can progress steadily. I guarantee you'll get hooked."
76561197978878971,Not Recommended,611500,35302193,Posted: 29 September,all,Primitive,"It has a great Quake 3 atmosfear, Gameplay feels smooth and fun. I like how you can play the known ID characters like BJ from wolfenstine and even Doom guy. My favorite is the reptile obviously <3. There are a few weapons to play with but the main reason i give the game thumps down right now is becuase its a LIGHTNING GUN ride.. i mean so many weapons to choose and sadly everyone run over to the Lightning gun spawn stright away and keep using it 100%, just like SMG's in Call of Duty. or if they dont find it then have fun with the Rockets spam..besides that i would say its money well spent."
76561198082795589,Recommended,611500,34549682,Posted: 28 August,all,Belbew,"Quake Champions is a damn fine arena shooter. Don't let the champion system give you negative vibes because it dosen't take away from the core gameplay and actually adds a little flavor to the game as a whole. My only cons is that the optimization could be a little better and they should improve the netcode but this game is in early access so I expect these to be fixed in the long run. The game will also be free to play when it's released but you will have to grind in-game currency to unlock newer champions. If you are a fan of arena shooters like the old quake 3 and unreal tournament definitely give this game a try, you more than likely will not be disappointed."
76561197961254491,Recommended,611500,34647736,Posted: 31 August,all,miKas,Great game. So much have improved from Quake Live - and it is still in early access. I love the gameplay and many of the maps. It feels very responsive and fast. I still think there is too much load-time/waiting time though.. I hope they will do something about that.
,Recommended,611500,34726178,Posted: 3 September,all,BIGGS,GUESS WHOS BACK TO DEAL A WHOOPIN
,Recommended,611500,34453789,Posted: 23 August,all,Jacket430,"This is a fantastic game. No, really. A new Quake game and it's actually good. I never thought I'd see the day. If you're put off by the ""Champions"" part, don't be. At the end of the day, the better player will always come out on top. If you're not ready to drop $40 CAD on the champions pack, hold off for free to play. I'm pretty sure you can already play it on theBethesda.netlauncher. Anyway, this game is great."
,Recommended,611500,34453481,Posted: 23 August,all,Doomguy,"Good old quake, you may think the champions might ruin it, however the game at it's core is what you know and love, would recommend!"
,Recommended,611500,34490968,Posted: 25 August,all,The NoobZMaster,"When I bought DOOM, knowing that Wolfenstein came out already, I expected Quake. And here it is. The Holy Trinity of FPS, resurrected.Zero mercy. Zero reloads. Zero health regeneration. Maximum effort.You think DOOM multiplayer was hard? Think of it as normal difficulty, Quake Champions is Ultra-Nightmare in multiplayer shooters.Full speed ahead, and if you're skilled, you go much faster than your running speed.Standard Quake ruleset with an addition of heroes, Champions to be more precise. Each of them more than capable of winning you a 8 player FFADM game, if your reaction and coordination are up to spec. But their real value shows in Duel and the new Sacrifice teamplay gamemode, which is an exciting mix of capture-the-flag and king-of-the-hill. Each champion's unique ability rubs against every other champion's, creating a new layer in the already standard metagame of Quake series.Then, to top it off, the game is balanced quite well, no OP/UP weaponry or characters. The only difference between you and your enemy will be your stack, your arsenal, your speed, accuracy, and gamesense. Skill is king here.This game is a challenge from the start to the very finish. Visit the official forums for some friendly faces, you can get a bit of help there. If you consider yourself a hardcore shooter player, this is your home. Welcome."
,Recommended,611500,34616967,Posted: 30 August,all,justice,It's quake.
,Recommended,611500,34747200,Posted: 4 September,all,squakely fluff,"i've been pretty sceptic if this would be really like good old quake 3... because.. CHAMP skills?But ♥♥♥♥! it is like playing quake 3 again. childhood revives with new elements.no champ is too imba or anything. it simply depends on how good you're with them!Skill is all in that game. if you get beaten by an opponent 20 times with a special champ, he probably will kill you with another champ as well...this game is addictive♥♥♥♥♥♥ i love it!"
,Not Recommended,611500,35392748,Posted: 1 October,all,wildchicken519,No cross hairs available and game has been in beta since april. Hitboxes are messed upCharacters are unbalanced and very few customization options. They want to make it fair to all playersSo they limit what you can change unlike previous quakes well if they don't want to put theTime and effort into it I don't see why they would care anyways if they had a advantage or not.Too much trying to be newb friendly look at vanilla wow it got rekt trying to do that crap and it's gonna kill this new overwatch I mean quake
,Recommended,611500,34965727,Posted: 14 September,all,.exekutiv,"It's not ""good"" yet, but has tons of potential and will be in the near future."
,Recommended,611500,34426547,Posted: 22 August,all,rcrogue ringme,"Fantastic game. If you like Quake then you will love this. I've been playing throughout the beta for free, and I think they are making positive changes. My only slight issue with the game so far is something that I doubt will change, and that is the champion system. I have learned to overlook this though as its purpose is to bring in newer players to Quake. It will eventually be free on steam, but for now they have thrown the $30 price tag on those that want to play it that weren't in the beta so watch out for that."
76561198071228031,Recommended,611500,34442070,Posted: 23 August,all,spec,"Idea of champions in Quake looks weird on paper, but it works pretty well. There are some complaints about performance/bugs (which is not unusual at this stage), but I personally don't experience any major problems. Despite of all changes it still feels like a Quake."
76561198001891487,Recommended,611500,34766400,Posted: 5 September,all,WildEvilmonkey,"As much as I love this game, I extremely recommend you don't buy this in its current state, its got tons of problems, a frustrating amount of problems that become more apparent as you play, the major problems being:- Netcode- Performance (stuttering,Memory leaks)- No ranked gamemodes- Game balanceI was sceptical about the champion element at first, but I can safely say it takes a huge backseat and personally I think its a great addition, implementing all the different movement styles of all the quake games/mods and giving the player the choice to choose which one he prefers is what makes quake champions great.Conclusion:But I'm surprised by how fun it is! I've been looking for a good arena shooter to come out for ages and I'm still playing it daily despite the issues, its that good! If you're not a die-hard fan of quake, don't buy this, just wait until they go free to play and fixed the major issues."
,Not Recommended,611500,35270679,Posted: 28 September,all,Wilde,"If you liked Quake growing up and really wanted a version of it with an active and more open playerbase, Quake Champions is definitely a game you should play. It looks, feels and plays just like Quake 3 with familiar map layouts and the same guns I've been using since I was a kid.That said, I can't recommend the game in the current state. They have yet to introduce skill-based matchmaking which means that if you're an average or new player you'll be matched up against players who are of max level and have a lot more skill than you. Normally it wouldn't be that big of a deal but the skill ceiling in Quake Champions is really high. The community is already becoming insular as new players are forced out and the same top-tier players just dominate every game."
76561197981297821,Not Recommended,611500,35458847,Posted: 3 October,all,MurkWahlberg,"I wouldn't recommend this game in its current state...I've been playing since the first alpha and still play and enjoy it. However, I can't recommend buying it right now for $29.99.1) The champion balance is pretty rough.- Doomslayers hitbox is completely broken because of his cosmetic. Anarki can gauntlet his way to victory every round in deathmatch. He's also impossible to hit with a rail when AD'ing (strafing). Sorlag can spit and continuously gain speed with air control. He's also a super tank and impossible to hit when AD'ing. Galena's hitbox is broken too because of her cosmetic but not as bad as doomslayer. Slash is tough to master but when you do she will control every item and every match.2) The lag-compensation is really bad because of how fast this game is moving and how much data the client and server need to communicate. Shots don't register, it feels sluggish, bullets feel like rubber, and rockets disappear.3) The user interface is nothing special, no server browser, no ranked, bad social interface.4) runes are impossible to get, they only drop in loot boxes rarely, and the requirments to complete them are virtually impossible.5) Performance is mediocre, it takes a lot of tweaking to get it to run smoothly.I still play and enjoy the game but these problems will most likely make 7/10 players uninstall."
,Recommended,611500,34428693,Posted: 22 August,all,Dibble,"Yeah its great. I didn't think it was going to be, but it is."
76561198257097711,Recommended,611500,34474356,Posted: 24 August,all,ElegantGrandmaThatCanDevourU,"I HAVE NEVER PLAYED A QUAKE GAME BEFORE THIS SO THIS REVIEW WILL NOT GO OVER PREVIOUS INSTALLMENTS.A lot of people did not like DOOM's multiplayer, but I thought it was one of the strongest aspects of that game and I still play the multiplayer to this day.When I saw this game was coming out on early access, I knew I had to pick this up.But is it worth $30?Depends.If you enjoyed DOOM's multiplayer, want to try a new shooter, are a Quake fan, or aren't afraid to face some challenging opponents, then you are GOING TO ENJOY THE F*** OUT OF THIS GAME.If the gameplay isn't your thing however, its ok to pass.For someone who loves fater paced games however, this is one of the best first person shooters I have played since DOOM and am loving this game so far!"
76561197963697302,Recommended,611500,34446726,Posted: 23 August,all,Supersaiyan.IV,"I paid 30€ for a something that coredumps ingame.Been with this game since Quake 1, and Sabertooth really needs to learn to use run this codebase through Clang sanitizers."
76561198109158166,Recommended,611500,34485049,Posted: 25 August,all,DankSerpico,"As a hardcore Q3 player my first impressions of Quake Champions were mixed. For one, every special ability felt cheap to me. I couldn't figure out how to make these abilities work as well for me as they seem to be working for my opponents. On the flipside it cannot be denied that this game is a fast, challenging, and fun as it was back then.After spending more time and forcing myself to try out different Champions I now have more appreciation for what they are trying to do here. For the most part the Champions are well balanced, with maybe the exception of Visor... who you can at least fun to make fun of. Truth be told once you get the hang of playing his style it's not bad.The worst thing about this game is the inconsistent connections. Many times I have over 85 ping, that can make it really tough to land rocket shots or rails. Seeing a shot hit dead on and getting 0 damage for it is no fun. Getting fragged despite being under cover perhaps even more so. You can adjust of course but it's still frustrating.Another possible negative, I don't love the whole free to play angle. Granted this seems to be the state of games these days.As of this point, my hope is they continue to improve the Netcode, tweak some of the Champions and add more content. What I would love to see is some kind of in game clan or team support. My biggest ask would be for bots that you can use for practicing. Would be great to be able to set their difficulty like you could in Q3.Not bad so far. Looking forward to seeing more."
,Recommended,611500,34482485,Posted: 25 August,all,MOTHMAN IS REAL,"I personally really like this game. Finding a match only takes me 1 minute though it might vary in other areas. I've experienced no crashes or any major bugs, though not everyone has been as lucky as me so keep that in mind before buying.If you're thinking this game is just a remake of quake 3 on a new engine then I'm sorry to disappoint. They've changed the game to make it more fresh, and make it appeal to a newer audience, which in my opinion isn't that bad of an idea. In my     opinion it makes the game more interesting as you've now got to master all of the current champions, meaning it's probably going to take longer for you to get bored. If you just want to play classice quake arena then you're better off playing Quake LiveThere are also microtransactions which might feel a bit off for a £20 game, but just keep in mind they're aiming to make this game free to play so it sort of makes sense. And if it's any issue, there's no real incentive to buy in game items as they're all just cosmetics and you usually unlock a crate or two each level."
,Recommended,611500,34745126,Posted: 4 September,all,Linkus,"It's a really great arena shooter. The gameplay is solid with a champions system that works extremely well, and the maps are all well designed. The only issues I have with this game is the lack of content and the occasional crash after finishing a game. It could definitely use some more maps to play on. I'd say buy this game if you're alrealy a fan of arena shooters or just extremely curious. If you're new to the genre you should probably wait for it to go free to play. Other than that, I'm having a lot of fun with this game."
,Recommended,611500,34432164,Posted: 23 August,all,MERCURIUS FM,"Early Access Review: If you're into online shooters but want something deeper and more extreme... Quake Champions will satisfy you with many challenges. If you're an old school shooter fan, you will be right at home. Quake Champions takes pretty much all of the things gamers loved about Quake 3 Arena and polished it up. The champions are very much akin to fighters in Street Fighter... each fighter has their own special abilities, strengths, and weaknesses... however it is possible to win with any of them... if you have the skill that is.I have been playing the closed beta since early 2016. I paid for the Early Access today so I got all the champions unlocked. Each one plays well, and I can't say I dislike any of them considering everybody has their own play style. For me, I tend to lean towards Ranger. There's plenty of lore and extra info about characters in the game, although it is certainly not a story heavy game. The store in the game does draw heavily from the first Quake, which is great for me. It also means there's alot of Lovecraftian over-tones all throughout the game. The lore indeed helps spark the imagination while playing, helping me to appreciating each Champions personality.The game is not without issues of course, it is still early access... server wait times can be long however there are some tricks to getting into a game faster such as selecting more or less game types, changing servers, etc. I assume that this will be fixed before the games full launch in the future. Hopefully they will add Bots to the game so that empty servers can be populated with bots similarly to Counter Strike GO. This will prevent players from long wait times, and instead give them instant action, even if a server is not ready.You don't need to spend money to enjoy the game, because free players can use Ranger by default and then earn champions. Skins, costume pieces, and stuff like that can also be earned by playing the game without spending money. Just know it will take time and patience (much like getting good at this game).TL;DR...Pros:+Fun skill based comabt+Cool characters w/ interesting lore+Great graphics+Deep gameplay with plenty to master+Lots of add-ons to earn (or optionally buy).+Lots of fan service such as DoomGuy, classic costumes, etc.Cons:-No bots-Match wait times a bit long (on launch day)-Disconnects in lobby sometimes (FIXED NOW)-Some more retro touches would be nice such as classic sound effects and music.-More tunable graphics would be nice.Overall, I'd say this is a great game and a must have for shooter fans. It's not corny and unrelateable, which is what puts me off from games like Overwatch and TF2. Rather, it has a gritty tone, and a heavy emphasis on shooting and movement. There's a long running community of Quake players which has existed since 1996, and this game, in my opinion, joins its predecessors in offering a thrilling and enjoyable experience that will be enjoyed for years to come.Buy it!UPDATE AUG 23 2017disconnects fixed on lobby! yay"
,Recommended,611500,34443198,Posted: 23 August,all,Lotica,"I was really skeptical about this one, seeing my disapointment in LawBreakers' gameplay due to it not capitlizing on the arena aspects with a Overwatch clone. However, where LawBreakers failed, Quake Champions came in and said, ""Hey Cliff, here's how you do proper arena shooters in modern times."" It does have classes, but the only thing you have to worry about with each class is their health, speed, attack power, and their special attack. Most of the extra stuff that you can get right now are skins for guns and characters. Other than that, all the guns feel like they have an equal opportunity against every player.In other words, it's Quake 3, but with classes that don't get in the way of the core gameplay. There isn't much in terms of gameplay at the moment, but in due time, there'll be more (I hope). Definitely glad to see this game didn't suck for me."
76561198041746894,Recommended,611500,34425235,Posted: 22 August,all,ktulhu_nir,"The king is back in his full glory.The movement, the lore, the weapons, the skill gap, everything you love about quake or classic competitive arena shooters in general is here. With kickass graphics and customisation. Flecktarn camo included. Oh, if you didn't soil our pants already, it's going to be free.Thank you ID for bringing one of our most favourite and loved franchises in the most right way possible.9.95\10 best modern arena shooter availible. Would give a ten, but no beryozka in the skins."
,Not Recommended,611500,35426373,Posted: 2 October,all,Spongy*,lol
,Recommended,611500,34473543,Posted: 24 August,all,Bebop,"I used to lan quake for fun years back, this is just as fun but if you want to catch that feeling again - play with friends!"
,Recommended,611500,34473450,Posted: 24 August,all,Matt,"Can't wait for ranked, this game is all that counts when it comes down to skill... No blaming, no lying about how good you are doing.Unlike Overwatch when you lose its because you suck, not because your team sucks.Its all you no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
,Recommended,611500,34497122,Posted: 25 August,all,SEB,welcome to 1999
76561198087472988,Recommended,611500,34493921,Posted: 25 August,all,Bendis,"Fun game, would recommend to anyone who likes arena shooters. Graphics are also great. 4/5 stars."
,Recommended,611500,34555020,Posted: 28 August,all,^4JB^7L^1ZR,"If you don't like Quake, ♥♥♥♥ YOU!"
,Recommended,611500,34497085,Posted: 25 August,all,tsuneko,"AU servers rubberband heaps and require a large amount of upload bandwith in order to even playnetcode is pretty crappy too, rockets and rails can go through people occassionally, becomes especially apparent with higher ping (ofc)anyway voted up since game has potential"
,Recommended,611500,34489208,Posted: 25 August,all,Pan Filuta,"Disclaimer: I have played many more hours in the closed beta.I grew up on Quake - it was one of the first big eSports games (if not the first) ever. And for years -in great waves of nostalgia - I have been wishing for the genre of arena shooter's comeback.Well, here we go.Until the new Unreal Tournament is released and after we got a new Doom and Wolfenstein, I'm holding in my imaginary hands a game that I've sworn myself to not get hyped for. And now I bought the Champions Pack on the first Early Access day even though I could have just continued playing for free (as everyone from Closed Beta can, and everyone will after the golden release). Why? Because id and Bethesda took a leap into the dark and tried to revive a long dead genre, just like the cRPG genre has been revived only recently thanks to Kickstarter. And in my eyes, they didn't drop the ball one bit, even though lots of the younger ""critics"" would like you to believe so.Same like with Doom, people who saw the trailers were first hating on the new playstyle (which in this case are the champions and abilities - saying it's an Overwatch ripoff etc).And after Doom finally got released, those critics swallowed their words, because it was far from being the case. It was an awesome throwback and a really fun game. Actually, it was one of the best FPS games of this decade.Now, what about Quake Champions? I have to say we got a product which through some imperfections is - in its core - really fun to play and I believe will get really polished by the time it's released. It's still in Early Access/Beta stage and the only main issue is the networking (I don't personally have the issues, but many people do and I believe it). Other stuff, like custom servers, HUD customization etc, which are essential for this game to succeed, should come easily and with the relative fluidity of how Bethesda has been reacting to feedback, I am not worried.The only thing I am worried about is the thought - what if people have lost interest in this genre? What if the younger generation never had it? I am still a bit pessimistic that people will keep playing CS:GO, Overwatch, and yearly clones and iterations of CoD or Battlefield. Then an occasional survival FPS game. Can one of the founding fathers of all multiplayer games show everyone how it used to be done?Let's see... to make my small contribution and help Quake get back its popularity, I am giving this game a big thumbs up.One thing I would like to point out: This game might be setting a huge precedent. Should it succeed, we might see arena shooters on the rise again, as other games will start emerging as competition, and hopefully, it will also give a kick to the new Unreal Tournament to get released asap. On the other hand, if this game fails, publishers will wash their hands over this genre's comeback, and we will probably never see similar games again. I would love to see the day where players have again the variety of first person shooters - and can choose between playing CS:GO, Overwatch, Quake, Unreal Tournament, or maybe a new and better challenger to those games - in the progaming tournaments. It might mean more people will start becoming interested in FPS as eSports again, as many gamers grew tired of watching and playing the same slow shooter again and again (I can't be the only one). This could be a good thing for the whole gaming industry - and we might once more find ourselves surrounded by skill-based games that are just a mixture of pure, condensed fun and fast, gory, adrenaline action."
,Not Recommended,611500,35169493,Posted: 23 September,all,ddrs,"Very disappointing, I requested a refund after an hour of gameplay.Firstly, not having a server browser is inexcusable. The clunky match making system takes a lot of the fun out of the game. A big part of the fun of older Quake versions was joining a server and playing a rotation of maps with the same players. Now you have to queue, then when the game ends queue again for the next game.The movement feels clunky, the games I played were quite laggy and overall it just feels off."
,Recommended,611500,34488759,Posted: 25 August,all,Hom Tanks,"5 hours in and I can safely say....Quake is back!There is no pay to play, no un fair classes, and if you do not know the meta game,you will die....A LOT.The learning curve will frustrate lots of newcomers but I think overtime, they willget accustomed faster to it than those of the past.I am glad I did not buy Lawbreakers because THIS is the Dark Souls of Shooters!"
,Not Recommended,611500,34489546,Posted: 25 August,all,Warxa,"Bought the champions pack and immediatly unlocked 2 champions in a row from loot boxes right after.Don't waste your money, you can unlock champions from loot boxes for free just by playing the game instead, this pack is a rip-off. Wait for the game to be free or keep playing it for free if you already have a key."
76561198008055824,Recommended,611500,34497652,Posted: 25 August,all,duer,"MOVEMENT DYNAMIC IS BACK IN FPSprobably will be the hypest fp of 2018, already hookerd!"
,Recommended,611500,34524043,Posted: 27 August,all,^4[^7CD^4]^7cauzt1cz,Best Quake since Quake 3. Really enjoying the game.
76561198042142759,Recommended,611500,34586681,Posted: 29 August,all,Ellis666Dee,"Come in and frag out, it feels like coming home and kicking asses !This is pure Quake and i love it from the beginning 21 years ago!A absoluety must have, cu in the arena..."
,Recommended,611500,34500131,Posted: 26 August,all,resident alcoholic,"It's quake, what more do you want"
76561198133294382,Recommended,611500,34544702,Posted: 27 August,all,Mummrah,"I grew up on Quake and I always loved this series. The arena based multiplayer was alwways loads of fun and very cometitive. The new Doom has Arena based multiplayer, but it is no quake. I'd get Doom 4 for campaign and this for your multiplayer fix. This game brings the feel of old school arena shooters into 2017. It has been forever since we have had a true arena shooter release in such a long time. They added to things without taking away what made Quake multiplayer so good.  In my opinion this is way more fun than COD, Titanfall, or most other shooters on the market from a multiplayer competitive stand point. This type of gameplay is what I grew up on and what I love the most in a online shooter. For an early release this is the most solid one I have ever bought. No game breaking bugs that I have found and it is oprimized really well. Then again, this is ID Software and you kind of expect that from them.I have an ASUS Republic of Gamer laptop with a GTX 1060 6 gig card and I crank everything up to ultra and it runs very well.THIS WAS A MUST BUY FOR ME AND 30 BUCKS IS GREAT DEAL FOR WHAT YOU ARE GETTING!"
76561198135158625,Recommended,611500,34565613,Posted: 28 August,all,--,Good game.Would play again.I love Carmack.
76561198055527649,Recommended,611500,34624573,Posted: 30 August,all,ExiledJericho,"The game is fast paced as ever and extremely punishing, however its so much fun"
76561197971052896,Recommended,611500,34501250,Posted: 26 August,all,Bino,"QC is a solid arena shooter. Being Early Access it's a but rough around the edges but there's good fun to be had. A lot of reviews are complaining about the netcode, whilst sometimes jumps around it's actually playable for 95% of the time.So I'm an old school Quake World player, I make no apologies for wishing this game to be more like it. It's certainly influenced by Quake \ Quake World but it's held back by 2017 FPS sensibilities.What I wish QC had that QW did right:- Bunny hopping around corners (maybe it's possible?)- Original Quake DM maps - DM2, DM3, DM4, DM6. The maps just don't have the magic these levels had. Hire Romero to create some DM maps?- Instant weapon changes - Rocket launcher + Lightning Gun kills- Grenade jumping- Water + Lightning gibbing- Faster movement (Ranger feels the best with regards to this movement)- Large 16-32 players on a map (sometimes you just want that pure mayhem)- Server browser- Gun sound design isn't punchy enough- Get right back into the action after a match- Allow people to run their own server (sounds like it's coming?https://www.reddit.com/r/QuakeChampions/comments/678wv5/running_your_own_server_is_a_big_part_of_quake/)- LAN support- Modding supportAll in all it's just missing that special visceral something that QW had. But I respect what they having going here and I'll give it good chance to win me over. It certainly deserves that.I say give this game a go if you're interested.PLEASE give me the ""URGH URGH URGH"" jumping sound DLC (https://youtu.be/Yjh-9ExEcp0?t=21) And rocket areana when you need a break from DM :)"
,Recommended,611500,34510773,Posted: 26 August,all,Harpotos,Will you be a little bìtch?--------------------------[W]hine about abilities online / [T]ry the game
,Recommended,611500,34519268,Posted: 26 August,all,kplex,Like playing Quake 3 Arena all over again!
,Recommended,611500,34497349,Posted: 25 August,all,Piggy Bank Robber,"Crawl out of that nerd cave you're hiding in and realize how much you have still yet to learn about first person shooters. If you can play Quake, you can play any shooter."
,Recommended,611500,34496188,Posted: 25 August,all,Fuego-,"[Update 29.8.17] Been playing few games now, im 100% sure there are hackers. Have seen blatant wallers & aimbotters (all using ranger champions). Hopefully the anti-cheat they're implementing will get these guys.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------One of the games that bought me into PC Gaming & Multiplayer games.So happy when they announced Quake Champions. Similar to Quake live/arena, but with minor tweaks here and there. Very pleased with the game so far, hoping for a ""no skills/hero"" or just classic mode where everyone is the same just different character skins and you have to have skills to play the game (will be added later on confirmed on reddit).My only complaint (now) are the player base & anticheat software (don't know what they will be using), but since its early access, i can't complain much, once it comes out of  EA, the game will be crowded and i just hope the devs do the best for this game!Quake fans will love to play this game! Nostalgia trip!"
76561198094734281,Recommended,611500,34692140,Posted: 2 September,all,JT senuti,Its Quake..
,Recommended,611500,34525627,Posted: 27 August,all,slacker,"I haven't had this much fun playing a video game in a LONG TIME. Don't be scared of the 1000-2000 player count on Steam right now as it isn't showing the people that play it through the Bethesda launcher. I havent had to wait longer than 15 seconds for a match yet.This is the fast paced, constant moving, shoot the hell out of everything that moves game that we all missedI really hope to see this game and community flourish. This is a serious nostalgia trip with the perfect amount of modern touch."
76561198020784501,Recommended,611500,34601094,Posted: 30 August,all,Concat999,"A fantastic game, and this is comming from someone who has no prior experiance to quake games."
76561198043840880,Not Recommended,611500,34661078,Posted: 1 September,all,Bipolar Fish,"This game performs like complete garbage. It has since the first closed beta test.I cannot recommend this pile of crap until they fix the lag, sutters, and disconnects. It seems like this game is another rainbow six siege."
,Recommended,611500,34443810,Posted: 23 August,all,bloodhawk,Love it to the core.Definitely needs some more work and Netcode fixes. But definitely a good start.But the worst part are the grossly overpriced micro transactions. Every thing is way too over priced at the moment.
76561197965277796,Recommended,611500,34443886,Posted: 23 August,all,WarriorBreed,"One of my all time favorites has returned and they didn't completely destroy it with unecessary changes. What's not to love? It's really not that hard of a game. Run, grab guns and shoot said guns.The difficulty is in the aim and movement. Mastery is key facing some people. Just enjoy and you will get better muscle memory. Recomend faster mouse settings with higher dpi and a 5ms or lower response time on that monitor with as good of frames as you can get.Extermely fun game and a must own for many,Cons-Shop items are too expensive. Could easily spend a hundred dollars just for cosmetics.Characters are soft. For a kill em all game the humor is not dark nor speach heavy.Champions have abilitys making it an uneven playing field. (They did this so you only had to start with one character and purchase others you think you'd enjoy.)Seems they added a 60 fps cap on steam. (I would assume this to be patched out.)"
76561197998643617,Recommended,611500,34443619,Posted: 23 August,all,Sickb0t,"Played alot in the beta, this game is fantastic!"
76561198185395563,Recommended,611500,34495487,Posted: 25 August,all,Heaphonefox,"great game, shares the same gameplay from quake 3 and adds character abillities quite well. The game is still in development so expect no damage rockets, delayed kills, lag, and another few bugs. but overall i was pleasantly suprised with this game. the champions are unique the gameplay is still faced pace and the champions a pretty balanced."
76561198013461888,Recommended,611500,34494871,Posted: 25 August,all,Paladion,"Worth getting, a nice game fast and violent as expected from the Quake franchise."
,Recommended,611500,34544593,Posted: 27 August,all,gen_angry,Arena Quake returns to form. It's not entirely complete but it's a great start and Bethesda has been adding tons of updates pretty regularly.No Battlefield/COD-esque ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and runs very well providing you're not trying to run this on a potato.
76561198050769670,Recommended,611500,34452049,Posted: 23 August,all,dramiS,"Played a lot of Quake, great so far. Have not had one crash since I switched to Steam launcher. Love the new maps, keep it up!"
76561198267400871,Recommended,611500,34452010,Posted: 23 August,all,Toby™,This game is dope .Btw if u like to bhop its in this game
,Recommended,611500,34543079,Posted: 27 August,all,Budsoma,"You will get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked, over and over and over over. But once you learn the combos, strafe jumping, bhops. Oh man will you fall in love with QC.In early access the game is good, with some flaws, if you're on the fence it will go F2P next year.All pay aspects are cosmetic, but can be gained with lootboxes you earn from leveling or buying every few matches.Game can get laggy due to servers, feeling unfair."
,Recommended,611500,34764225,Posted: 5 September,all,midichlorian delorean,"Played closed beta before Early Access. I can't say it's perfect, because it's not. It's about what you'd expect from an Early Access game - jank as hell, full of issues. Glaring issues. Everything from netcode to balance to the competitive gamemode formats have problems here and there. Some minor, some VERY significant.I can still wholeheartedly recommend Quake Champions. Well, mostly anyway.The core gameplay, even if it's messy and unpolished right now, is unmistakably Quake. It may not be as fast as some past Quake games, but it's fast. It's not as crisp and fluid as some past Quake games, but it's crisp and fluid. It's what you want when you think ""arena FPS"".The entire concept of the champions system brings a variety of FPS players together in a way which is a flash of sheer brilliance. CPMA or even Source game player? You've got air control characters. VQ3, QL or similar? You've got your standard strafejumpers. Quake 4? Slash has your crouch-slide. Unreal Tournament? Clutch has a double-tap dash now, have fun. It fairly seamlessly bridges across eras and niches and subsections of arena FPS in a way that no other game has really done.The near-total overhaul of the duel format is divisive and for good reason. I think it has potential but needs some major tweaking, others think it's the worst thing they could've done and an ultimately fixing-what-ain't-broke change, others still (though admittedly few, it seems) think it's great. The main competitive team-based gamemode, Sacrifice, is admittedly a hectic and near-unwatchable mess right now but the core ideas behind it have a lot of potential which I hope will be realised over time. TDM is TDM, FFA is FFA, neither really have anything unusual going on. Move fast, frag dudes.It's noticeably rough around the edges in many areas, almost unforgivably so for a game already being pushed as an esports title. You can't play 10 minutes without noticing some kind of little problems or irritations – or perhaps some big ones. If what you want is a complete, polished and relatively bug-free experience, Quake Champions isn't that yet and it may be worth holding off. If what you want is an enjoyable, fast-paced arena FPS which may not quite be traditional Quake but ultimately feels like a very good Quake mod in all the best ways, it's more than worth picking up. If what you want is Quake Live or Q3CPMA or QuakeWorld, I don't necessarily blame you, but ultimately if those games are what you want those games are what you're going to have to play.It's unpolished enough that at times it looks like a bit of a rock, but look closely enough and there definitely seems to be a diamond in here somewhere. With any luck, we'll all be looking back at this game this time next year and thinking ""man, it's hard to believe there used to be so many problems""."
,Recommended,611500,34695368,Posted: 2 September,all,Corkeinator,"Very addictive, very fun, and very rage introducing game. If you think yea I'm awesome at this game, I keep getting first place then next match you get owned by some one much better than you. If your a fan of unreal and other classic 90s early 2000 fps games you need to try this out."
,Recommended,611500,34762635,Posted: 5 September,all,Ananoriel,"Those memories from old Quake lanning with friends comes back a bit with Quake Champions. The gameplay is good. It has been a long while to since I played games like this, but it is still fun even if I suck at it. It is fast paced combat and pretty chaotic. You can choose from different game modes: duels, (team) Deathmatch or Sacrifice. They often speak for itself, while Sacrifice is a bit different, it reminds me of capture the flag and defending your own base.The maps are fun to explore, and to jump and run around in. I like the new champions with their own ultimate abilities, although they need some balancing and a bit of tweaking in the future. I heard when the game is fully released you can 'rent' them for one day or so. If you get the early access package, you unlock all heroes, also the upcoming ones. And as in many multiplayer games lately, you can get lootboxes which may give you skins and other stuff. Personally I don't really care about those a lot, since it is a First Person shooter.There are a lot of good points. And also a lot of points that need some work, and I am pretty sure they will be worked on. The weapon balancing are a bit off from time to time, rematches are broken at the moment, and sometimes hits are not registered at all, which may be a bit odd. There are also some optimalisation issues, which I hope they will solved too. Those things are all a bit annoying, but the gameplay is fun, and I like that a lot and it is still an early state of the game.Do I recommend this game? Yes, but I am not sure if I would recommend to pay 30 euros for it. Unless you are sure you are going to play it a massive lot, and enjoying all the characters. I bought it because I was getting a bit impatient after seeing the gameplay, and because of the nostalgia. It is and will be a fun and good game to play, It needs some work, but I think it will be fine later. Be sure to check it out when it is F2P."
,Recommended,611500,34425275,Posted: 22 August,all,crowbar,"Because there are some people complaining about Netcode etc. I just want to say that I have never encountered any problem like that. So far in my 50+ hours since early beta I had only a single no damage rocket. Other than that I barely had any lag or hits that didn't register. If your ping goes above 50 or something like that though, it becomes a little weird to play, but for me, the game runs perfectly fine.I'm not saying all the people who complain about Netcode etc. are wrong, but since you only hear their voices, you might think the game is completely broken, which it definitly is not. A lot of fun to play and to watch."
,Recommended,611500,34500202,Posted: 26 August,all,Daryan,"I played around 15 hours worth of DeathMatch during the closed beta, and although I've never played another Quake game, I would say that the movement and mechanics present within the game are well developed, if only just needing a bit of balancing.I would whole-heartedly recomend this game to any shooter fan; if you don't want to spend $54.00 (NZD) I would advise just waiting till it goes free to play.The game is not pay to win as some other reviews would lead you to believe, with the microtransaction segment being similiar to Overwatch, however you have the possibillity of unlocking champions permantly from loot boxes. This includes boxes you egt in game.Tl:drGood mechanics and pay scheme, as with other early access games, still needs bug fixing so be warned."
76561198047555649,Recommended,611500,34466946,Posted: 24 August,all,[BDF] TheWarden,Its Quake
,Recommended,611500,34728434,Posted: 3 September,all,Rptr04,"a classic relived, very fun! if you are a fan of unreal tournament or quake then you need to hop in on the fun that is quake champions! old school arena shooter, very fastpaced with gore and all the classic weapons you know from the older games."
76561198125531817,Recommended,611500,34493078,Posted: 25 August,all,Dirty,It's Quake.
,Recommended,611500,34512098,Posted: 26 August,all,xyzyx,"The real successor of Quake III: Arena - the king of all arena shooters.It's really fun, champions don't affect gameplay that much (all base mechanics are the same and most stats are similar).Still needs some work, but it's already a good choice if you like arena shooters."
,Not Recommended,611500,34493412,Posted: 25 August,all,BB.Feykro,"Do not buy it (yet).At this state, the game isn't worth your money, the only reason to get is to be huge Quake/Unreal Tournament fan, but if you're new, you may want to read what I have to say.The first problem I have with the game is how bad it runs. It's not aweful, but the game doesn't look that good, especially when compared to Doom 4, but the FPS are lower than expected. I experienced dips in the 50-40 despite having an i7 and gtx 1060. And if your brain's working you understand that this is the kind of game where stable 60 fps is a minimal requirement.Also a problem is the netcode quality, the multiplayer's code in other words. It's terrible. I've been playing Doom Guy for my whole experience and he has that capacity to go in Berserk Mode and run fast and hit hard. The problem is I have 60-80ms, so I can barely see anything when you add the framerate problem and I often teleport or have colision problem when near walls or player (i'm supposed to fist them to death so that's a problem).Overall, the game design is unbalanced, to keep the example, Doom Guy's deals 80 damages but requires you to run to the ennemy, when you could just pick the guy on the overboard that runs just as fast (but always, he doesn't need the berserk mod) and take the chainsaw to finish an ennemy at will.The game is hardly readable if you don't have a beast of a PC or a lot of time to waste in tweaking to make it smoother, and if you don't have knowledge and experience.My bet is that the game's gonna die because it's not very interessting and it's coming in an over saturated genre with a lot of flaws and very few qualities. But if it's still alive when it comes out of Early Access, then you should give it a try."
,Recommended,611500,34561677,Posted: 28 August,all,FUCKY,:D
,Recommended,611500,34579120,Posted: 29 August,all,suːɪ ᛌ d३ɛnɑrɪs,Has absolutely all the ingredients and foundation laid out to make possibly the greatest competitive fps title. Make way for the return of quake.
,Recommended,611500,34491588,Posted: 25 August,all,occullt,"I was once very, very sceptical of this game.When Quake Champions was announced, I was giddy with excitement at the thought of playing a next-gen tier Quake game. I started playing Quake II when I was a kid and have stuck with the series ever since, and I was more excited than I have ever been for an FPS when I saw the trailer. However, the more I told friends, the more I talked about it online, the more I saw the game's logo and character designs, the more I realized what was actually happening here. Quake was being turned into another run of the mill class-based FPS and my dissapointment was insurmountable.Time passed and teasers and character trailers were released, and while I wouldn't say my attitude toward the game changed, one day I decided to sign up for the closed beta just to see what was up with the game. It was a while before I got in, but when I did, my assumptions about the game were immediately flipped around.This is the most positive direction they can take Quake in a modern market. Everything from the map design to the rattling weapons feels like Quake to me. Other long-time players have voiced that things like the absence of a classic Grenade Launcher and the changing of the Plasma into a Nail Gun were awful design choices, and while I acknowledge their frustrations, the Nail Gun feels more like a ""Quake"" weapon than the Plasma ever did, looking back toward ye olde Q1. The GL has been replaced by a burstfire stickybomb launcher which replaces the overly spammy weapon in a nice way.The maps are visually impressive and flow well with most of the champions. The devs have chosen to expand on Quake's lore and include four Old Gods each with a different visual style and atmospheric feel to their maps. The speed nowadays is soft capped at 520 with greater speeds being attainable using certain movement techniques or rocket jumping. Some champions have uncapped movement speeds however, where my main critique about the map layouts comes into light. The maps were clearly designed with the 520 cap in mind, so when you go faster than that, things start to feel clumsy at times. It feels like you aren't able to fully take advantage of being able to go 620-650 units in speed.The champions themselves take a backseat to your core arena FPS skillset, and while some of them have abilities that could be best described as ""immensely infuriating at times"", each one's nuances can be easily learned and countered/avoided. Their health, armor, and speed values feel very balanced with their abilities and hitboxes.If you are an old veteran sceptical of a new formula or a fresh face looking to get into the brutal world of Quake, this is a brilliant starting spot. Please do keep in mind however that there are some networking issues for some players at the moment, so if you like your games to be 100% buttery smooth, I would stick to watching gameplay videos for now. This would be a fantastic way to learn your way around the arenas before hopping in as well."
,Recommended,611500,34602730,Posted: 30 August,all,SeanNotConnery,"Early Access has never felt so nostalgic and (mostly) balanced.I've been a huge fan of id since I got my first copy of Wolfenstein 3D early on in my gaming career, and boy have they been on a hot streak during the past year! DOOM was one of the most refreshing single-player experiences I've had in a while; the aesthetics, the glory kills, and that goddamn masterpiece of a soundtrack made a lasting impression as to what a triple-A game shoudl strive for. That being said, the multiplayer sucked; and that's where Quake Champions shines.If you're looking for an arena shooter for the modern gamer, look no further. My only complaint is that the lightning gun paired with quad damage is absurdly effective, but even then it's not enough to keep me away from this adrenaline-fueled dream of a shooter.TL;DR - id and Bethesda have outdone themselves yet again with Quake Champions. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,611500,34510530,Posted: 26 August,all,aLt,"The game's actually better than I expected, but the servers are just terrible at the moment and there's one SA server. I'll come back to it after release."
,Recommended,611500,34494499,Posted: 25 August,all,Immortal,what do i need to say? Quake is back.. just buy it.^_^.. no CTF yet tho lads.. but im sure it will be coming in the future.
,Not Recommended,611500,35505629,Posted: 5 October,all,QuakeMan,LAG garbage not a game.
76561112061579684,Recommended,611500,34494511,Posted: 25 August,all,robocop,Good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,611500,34431763,Posted: 23 August,all,Ranger,"Another comeback of an amazing franchise after Doom 2016. Just like Quake Live and Quake 3 Arena it maintains its core feel and adds a new breath of fresh air to the arenas, abilities. The abilities work really well and match each character very nicely, although there are imbalancing issues here and there as well as some netcode issues (That's why the game is in early access.) the game is still amazingly fun. In addition, the design of each character, cosmetic, and weapons are very well made."
76561198017856547,Recommended,611500,35228664,Posted: 26 September,all,Fin,Great game for the stage. Questionable price but if you are an FPS enthusiast it is definitely worth it.
,Recommended,611500,34445556,Posted: 23 August,all,Areashi,LG champions atm.
76561197970800364,Recommended,611500,34487109,Posted: 25 August,all,Creep,"Best Quake sind Quake Live! ;)There are still technical issues, but it is already so much fun regardless."
76561198069089362,Recommended,611500,34699871,Posted: 2 September,all,Kot Blinowy,"Pros:-The gameplay itself is very solid, fast and fun just like the old Q3-interesting champions with abilities that are useful and add some variety and more skill but don't detract from the traditional gameplay-good graphics-I like the Q1-esqe A E S T H E T I C SCons:-Pozzed lootbox system/business model. Just sell the full game already. In the current EA model you get all the champions for the 20 bongbucks price and unlock just cosmetics from boxes, but I understand the game will be F2P and you'll have to unlock champions as well. The drop from boxes is very poor and it will take you a long time to unlock things you want without spending $$$-Performance problems, lags and stuttering happen-The champions need some more balance. Especially the starting hp/armor should be brought closer between them. For example Sorlag spawns with 150 hp and 50 armor for a total of ♥♥♥♥ing 200 while most other champs sit at 125. In the end skill wins but It can sometimes feel unfair going up against her.-Currently not very many mapsOverall I recommend it because most cons can and probably will be addressed and the base game is great."
,Recommended,611500,34714254,Posted: 3 September,all,AlwaysFubar,Good arena fps
,Not Recommended,611500,34869731,Posted: 10 September,all,ConseQuence,♥♥♥♥♥♥ unbalanced abilities and the tribolt gun is useless. Where's Grenade Launcher?I need Classic mod and bots. Now this isn't Quake
,Not Recommended,611500,35478514,Posted: 4 October,all,Luzifer-sama,"The Problem with this game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNTNXpQZhtoEnough said, requested refund... good day"
,Recommended,611500,34460105,Posted: 24 August,all,pr0digy,10/10
,Recommended,611500,35037862,Posted: 17 September,all,DRAGOON,"Quake Champions is one of the most rewarding games in the current FPS ecosystem. Comparing the game to other shooters on the market, Champions has a higher skill ceiling and a lower skill floor. Great players have a chance to become godlike, while greenhorns may go hours of play without getting a single frag. The game is incredibly frustrating. So frustrating that I refunded the game after an hour and a half of getting domed by a railgun, or melted by Sorlag's spit. The next day all I thought about was purchasing the game again and becoming the best I can be as a Quake player. I've reached a point where my frags break even with my deaths usually, and it has been more fun than any other FPS I've played recently. Early matches can be infuriating, but sticking with the game leads to some of the best gameplay you can ever experience.The Champion system looked annoying at first. Characters with different health, armor and speed values seemed like the antithesis of Quake. After playing for a few hours, my opinion has changed. The roster of Champions accommodate for varying play-styles that, although not that different, allow refreshing play game after game. My prefered champion is B.J. Blazkowicz, the spine shattering protagonist of the Wolfenstein series. B.J. has a medium speed, medium hit-point build with an ability that allows him to dual wield whatever weapon he has equipped. This ability paired with a Lightning Gun or Nail Gun turns Blazkowicz into a one-man-army. Despite how fun it is to frag as B.J., swapping to Champions like Galena (the demon nun) or Visor (the nastiest Slav since Rasputin) allows a completely different feel from match to match. After playing a game as Slash, one of the fastest characters, I would switch to Clutch, a walking M1 Abrams, and the change in pace would feel so great.This is the only game that makes me holler because I hit a cheeky rocket or let out a sigh of relief after an intense gauntlet duel. Near-instagib weapons like the Railgun and Rocket Launcher escalate gameplay to contests of dexterity and endurance. Pulpy explosions of viscera and god-tier weapon sounds put you in the kill-or-be-killed mindset. Medal pop-ups and announcer voice lines encourage or mock you like a commentator from the Roman Colosseum. This game is incredibly exciting.Quake Champions is not perfect, however. Although I haven’t experienced poor server stability or netcode, I have read about people constantly being dropped from matches. Games outside of primetime hours have put me in matches that compromise my ping. I also doubt the longevity that id Software tried to achieve with the Rune system, and I dislike a lot of the cosmetics and color palette reskins (we want the Terror-Billy jacket for Blazkowicz). And even though the game boasts optimisation that allows even the most dated toasters to run it, I haven’t really seen good optimisation in action.Although Quake Champions is a work in progress and has a laundry list of things to fix (namely server stability, netcode, and optimisation), the game has wonderful potential in casual and pro scenes. Similar to DOOM (2016), Quake Champs evokes the idea that FPS games should feature adrenaline pumping action without the complicated gameplay systems of other popular shooters. This may be a return to form for arena shooters and FPS as a whole."
76561198035296553,Recommended,611500,35441441,Posted: 3 October,all,Balance',great =)
,Recommended,611500,34505819,Posted: 26 August,all,Thrakius,"If you've ever played Q3, you'll love this game.  I played a lot of Quake 3 when it came out and this feels like a remake to me, bringing all the good memories and fun i had when i played.  Hoping they bring Rocket Arena to the mix!"
,Not Recommended,611500,35431043,Posted: 2 October,all,JuicyJellyfish,"No wonder why the series is dead... The learning curve in the game is insane, and the MMR system currently running (if any) sucks. This is the first of the entire quake series I have ever played, and yet every match I play, there is someone on one of the two teams who goes 30/2 or similar. Almost every game is a blowout one way or another. It isn't fun. I've been playing for about two months and I'm done."
,Recommended,611500,34429528,Posted: 22 August,all,KillTheG1mp,"20 years later and I realize that my twitchy reflexes are slowly waning away in my 30's... Still, it's the old Quake I grew up with in the 90's with a fresh new coat of paint for the modern age! See you in the Arena folks!"
76561198103312648,Recommended,611500,34431523,Posted: 22 August,all,Funny,Quake series was my favourite FPS of all time!!!Quake Champions bring everything best of all quake series^^
,Recommended,611500,34433442,Posted: 23 August,all,twitch.eXtwofour,"Feels so much like classic Quake arena play. A lovely mix of Q1 lovecraftian themes and Q3 high-octane play. You will lose, you will suck, and you will learn from each loss. Game is of course early access, and most players are still playing the free-to-play model throughBethesda.netlauncher; however, if you love id titles and have a taste for old-school arena style play, this is the game for you. :)"
,Recommended,611500,34441992,Posted: 23 August,all,jbacc,"Great game, a lot of content on the way"
76561197970508289,Recommended,611500,34448338,Posted: 23 August,all,Haggler87,"The game is great but they need to add dedicated servers ASAP because the matchmaking takes FOREVER! They also need clan arena mode. Please devs, I know clan arena isn't the greatest mode for pro play but I just want to have fun. Please add clan arena for us ""veteran casuals"" that are not looking to compete professionally and just want to have all the weapons, last man standing for your team."
,Not Recommended,611500,34622701,Posted: 30 August,all,C.I.D.,"Being one of the many that have played the original Quake games, I find it alright. I don't care for it much for it now but its what I remember Quake being. Just none of the original characters are in the game just yet. You can play and pay for skins for weapons and characters, but I see no pay to win system in this game as of now.I would wait for this game to be a bit more developed before buying, could see QC being tons of fun when this game leaves EA."
,Not Recommended,611500,34727942,Posted: 3 September,all,a straight dragon,"At this moment Don't buy this game.  it has way to many issues, from op characters to op weapons and the fact that you can be placed with a bunch of people way to high over your skill level I will change this review if this improves but I wouldn't recomend this right now unless you actualy know what you are doing."
76561197999161405,Recommended,611500,34435306,Posted: 23 August,all,krIp,"Playing quake since quake... :)It’s not q1, q2, q3, q4, ql..... it’s something new, it needs to be something new.And that something is ok from my side, yes it doze have bugs and it’s not perfect.But the rush and the speed is still here."
,Recommended,611500,34445680,Posted: 23 August,all,Johnny,"Played the beta, loved it, still do, can't wait to play more"
,Recommended,611500,34714074,Posted: 3 September,all,krovostokk,The return of the legend.Meat.10/10
,Recommended,611500,34754487,Posted: 5 September,all,ThatGuyKai,"(pre note) iv never played a quake game before.with an emphasis on precise aiming, perfect timing and speed management this game can have a learning curve unlike most other shooters which rewards hard work, its tough, its brutal and it can sometimes throw losses your way that are soul crushing, but at the same time its one of the most self rewarding shooters of the current generation.its maps varied, its gametypes (DM,TDM,Duel,Sacrifice) basic but fun, its champions even with some criticism from myself and the rest of the community are interesting and with some time to grasp how to approach each one adds an added layer of depth to engagements.is anything unbalanced, honestly imo no, things just need ajusting slightly and people need to find their own groove to get used to the new additions to the quake formula, is it groundbreaking... no but it doesnt need to be what it does it does very well and its a tight responsive skill based shooter that gives you back exactly what you put into it.but most importantly of all is it worth it.... so far i would say yes, eventually Quake will be Free to play but right now theres access to recieve all current and future champions for £20 ($30) its a bargain, if you wanted to purchase them individually for my currency it would be roughly £5 each, and by the time you've gotten only 4 you are spent up so even in that regard its well worth the money.But this is early days and its early access theres still a lot of work to be done until this game can be called finished but at the same time theres nothing here that has once stopped me having a blast, and i can 100% say to veteran or new player thinking about getting into it that its totally worth the entry price right now."
76561198110574051,Recommended,611500,34810366,Posted: 8 September,all,Gregor_121,"Awesome next legend Quake♥♥♥♥ing fast gameplay to frags. Run fast or die!- he hacking fuuuuck to many k/d ratio- no, he have good skillsWho played CSGO you now must learn hwo fast play and frags :-))"
,Recommended,611500,34896512,Posted: 12 September,all,chronologic,"Great game, lots of of fun."
12345672451318371,Recommended,611500,35086341,Posted: 20 September,all,paddarsle,"The game is a lot of fun and definitely worth buying, even though it's riddled with bugs at the moment. The problems with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ netcode and hitboxes will be fixed eventually, we just have to keep on playing to keep the game alive until it goes F2P."
,Recommended,611500,34448907,Posted: 23 August,all,Ｐｉｎｅａｐｐｌｅ,"I can say with absolute assurity, this is Quake, modernized and polished to the standards us ""Hardcore"" gamers want. I'm not going to lie and not mention that I had my doubts about Quake Champions. I never have been a competetive Quake player, nor one that played the originals and arena religously, but I do have standards for wht I expect Quake to be. The addition of ""hero based shooter"" mechanics into games is the go to thing right now, and while some games do it really well, many thought Quake would simply not be the right fit for the treatment (myself included). Wow was I wrong. Rather than removing from the fast paced movement and heavily aim reliant gameplay, the champions only exagerate that gameplay. Champions like Sorlag make players who Bhop much more potent and cater to that play style in a really nice way. If you are into rocket jumping, Ranger is your go to, and Nyx for people who just want to be as fast out of the gate as possible. The champions currently, are all really well balnced, and none in particular stand out as being over powered or super terrible. There are certainly crowd favorites, and perhaps they may need some tuning, but from my expereince, they all play very well together and individually.Now for the Quake purists, is this the game you have been dreaming about? For many, I would say no. The idea of champions being in the game alone is enough to scare off most verteran Quake players on sight, much less microtransactions. However, what i will say, is that the gameplay itself is not at all far from the Quake I remember playing as a kid. It's fast, responsive, tight, and methodical once you understand the map layouts, the spawn timings and all of the things ""old school"" Quake offered. My suggestion to a hardened Quake player ( Quake III Arena purists and such) is to wait for the game to launch and be free so you can really try it out, give it a fair shot, and deceide whether it has recaptured your love for Quake. If not, that's completely understandable. Some found the older Quakes to be nothing less of pure perfection, and to some extent they were. Regardless of your feelings however, the game is punishing, to players new and old. New things have been added,BUT IT'S STILL QUAKE.Everything from making every bullet be as accurate as possible, never stopping to breath, keeping track of spawn timers and locations are all just as vital here as they were in the older games.Take this review how you will, but I think this is a solid way to bring Quake back to the main stage for at least a little while. By no means is it perfect, however. It runs really well FPS wise, but stutters really badlly on the occasion, and could certainly be difficult to balance as more champions are added, possibly flipping the whole game on its head. In any case, Quake is certainly back, and I think for most shooter fans, this is a refreshing step into the past, with a new lease on life for the franchise."
,Recommended,611500,34450484,Posted: 23 August,all,Tech,"Wow, easily one of the most fun games I have bought in the past 6 months. High skill ceiling and a lot of fun. Would highly reccommend!"
,Not Recommended,611500,34469465,Posted: 24 August,all,Jimxxer,"I can't play this game because something went wrong.   What that is, I do not  know.    They do not tell you.    Do not waste your money on this game.   You can be frustrated for free when it's out of early access.   No reason to pay for the privilige.UPDATE: Aside from the unexplained errors creating an account to play, the gameplay is good.   So if you can get past the account creatiion and actually play the game, it is a fun game.   A bit like Quake 1, but feels much faster."
76561198057178277,Recommended,611500,34475621,Posted: 25 August,all,Digitenor,"Running and Jumping simulator with a gun.No press 'Q' for auto win, skill required.I am awful at this game, but it's still fast paced, adrenaline fuelled fun.Buy it!"
,Recommended,611500,34738619,Posted: 4 September,all,BulletzMagneto,"Awesome game, it is early access though so expect a W.I.P.Champion abilities and differences keep me interested - always something new to learn or experiment with, especially movement.Devs are trying to please fans from previous Quakes and evolve at same time...not an easy task, so kudos...I think they are pulling it off.Newbies will get frustrated cos games is hard -  it was for me too when I started out... patience, practice, perseverance.Hopefully new modes, ranking system and mechanics will cater to newbies while pros and vets (like me) can gib each other with impunity.When this comes out of EA and is F2P I think a lot of the issues will have been addressed.Support the game if you want to practice, help make it a better experience or love the Quake series.Have fun!!"
,Recommended,611500,34441245,Posted: 23 August,all,Text Fish,"Captures the fast paced action of Q3A/Live, with updated prettiness and some intriguing character classes.The current early access version is unfortunately hampered by terrible net-code which often renders it unplayable. As an EU player I have to seriously wonder whether they've even bothered to set up any servers outside the US yet as I'm consistently connected to US servers which often results in lag spikes >500.The UI is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but that is to be expected of a modern ID/Bethesda game to be honest.All in all, very promising. If they fix the netcode, add a bunch of private server options (instagib etc.) and release a powerful level editor this will quickly render Quake Live obsolete."
76561197983242292,Recommended,611500,34444494,Posted: 23 August,all,Klarik_iKill,Best competitive Arena Shooterskill basedamazing and fun gameplayreally enjoyble game
76561198015251141,Not Recommended,611500,34782281,Posted: 6 September,all,ThePossibleJerk,"Imagine the brothers lumiere came out today with another short movie featuring a train running towards camera.Given the fame those brothers have you would be interested in peeking at it, supposing that they kept the train theme just as an homage to their past and that, to this new work, they added something epic, something capable of shocking you as if you had never seen a movie before.Now, imagine your feelings in finding out they actually charged you to show you the same♥♥♥♥♥♥as before, only mirrored and in technicolor.Dead serious."
,Recommended,611500,34899853,Posted: 12 September,all,Eddmnd·,"- Been playing since closed beta, hours reflects time launched through steam not total played -\TL:DR\+Skill based+I've been having a lot of fun with this+I find matches quickly, something I couldn't say in closed beta (shows improvement)+Looks great, 4:3 supported (Buggy hud atm)-Dodgy hitreg at the moment with projectile based weapons (and sometimes railgun?)-Games really hard to run on some PCsIt's fun. I'm a huge fan of sacrifice, I think it's an amazing gamemode. Without it I wouldn't like this game as much.In terms of balance - The more skilled player wins. If you're a CPMA fan then you might blame the champions when you lose or win a fight. This is normal behaviour and it happens to almost everybody when playing class based games. It happened to me when playing League of Legends and Team Fortress 2. ""Oh, a heavy killed me. He can have a 450 health pool while I have 125, he's just OP"". Note that heavy is considered underpowered by most people outside of a pub environment due to lack of mobility. ""Oh, this Jinx is hypercarrying, Jinx must be broken"". Again Jinx isn't even in meta.The fact remains that you're probably not used to classes if you're coming from Q3A, CPMA, or most other arena shooters. It's something you adjust to and adds a new level of gameplay where you approach a fight with each champions differently.I would prefer QC without classes. I honestly would. But the games a ton of fun and you win with skill, not with pressing f (unless you leave yourself open to it by not taking abilities into account).I love the autohop feature. Everybody would just use scripts or MWdown if it wasn't in anyway so I'm fine with it."
76561197970952960,Recommended,611500,34441602,Posted: 23 August,all,jacktheyak,"This is a proper Quake, but it isn't Q3 HD if that's what you're looking for.Fast-paced with a focus on map control and aim. Skill-based, pure arena action.Really nice maps so far. 8 maps; some fresh QC maps, a few remastered classics.The idea of champions in Quake may sound bad on paper, but it works in my opinion. The champions fit the gameplay (no stuns, sleeps, slows or F-to-win buttons), and add a bit of tactical depth to the Quake formula.There are some issues that need to get fixed, but the game is smooth and playable for early access. A server brower and ranked mode would be nice. The rematch feature could be better. Netcode could use some work, for sure, but it's improved a lot since early beta.Game is fun. It's Quake.(Played closed beta.)"
76561198052109926,Recommended,611500,34451349,Posted: 23 August,all,ItsWhatever24,"I used to play Quake 2 back in the day and then Quake 3 and Quake Live... This game is exactly what I needed. I really enjoyed the new Doom and wondered if there ever would be a new Quake and then Quake Champions happened. The game is going in the right direction and the devs have been in good contact with the fans about the issues with ""netcode"", hitboxes, etc. It still remains to be seen if they are able to fix some of the bigger issues by the October update as they have proposed... My current pc build is a AMD Phenom II X6 1090t, 8 GB 1600MHZ ram, 256 gb x 2 SSD, GTX 760 and on all low settings and 1600x900 resolution I get from 70-150fps with the occasional dip ( at the start matches mostly) to about 25fps. It plays pretty well at 1080p with these settings as well but i try to limit any frame drops by using a lower res. Medium settings work well (25-125fps) at  1600x900 and 1080p (17-120fps). I am sure when the game  is more optimized I will be able to get better performance but this performance is fine for me until i build a new machine within the next year or so. The game still looks really good with my current settings on low, IMO."
,Recommended,611500,35025457,Posted: 17 September,all,Jerome,The best fast-paced FPS of the moment !Champions' abilities and movements from previous Quake versions provides a more interesting gameplay.Old and new weapon skins and maps are so amazing and fun to play !
,Recommended,611500,34639692,Posted: 31 August,all,Nutcave,"So much fun!  After playing it for some time, I think i enjoy playing this over overwatch. It rewards individual skill, less toxicity, and is competitive.It is early access, so things will get polished and better over time."
,Recommended,611500,34714666,Posted: 3 September,all,N3w,Quake continues Quake.- Same weapons for everyone.- Control of Powerups.- Drive and agility (each champion with its Peculiarities).- Use of the brain and arm.Developers are working towards a better balance in relation to some champions.I hope the old community will come soon. And especially that new blood come to renew the community.Welcome to QuakeChampions.
,Not Recommended,611500,34884773,Posted: 11 September,all,coinbergstein,As of right now this is a heap of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198127605915,Recommended,611500,34900429,Posted: 12 September,all,Xovszky,"Its buggy, but its fun. Reminds me of good ol' Unreal Tournament.Wait for the October patch if you're thinking about buying.(Fingers-crossed, hopefully it makes a difference)"
,Not Recommended,611500,35021478,Posted: 17 September,all,PASTAMANIA!,"Ugh.Look, I played a bit of quake 3 at the time (although I was more of a TFC guy in the end), but this is a sort of game type that has not aged well at all. I'm sure it's a lot of fun, if your good, but either there's no skilled matchmaking or there just aren't enough players who haven't been playing Q3 for 15 years now to fill out a game, so you just get splatted. A lot. Throw in a community that isn't only often toxic, but is actually the community where a lot of the worst sides of gaming culture originated, and.....yeah, I've frankly got better things to do with my time.A lot of modern FPS's get critisised for being simplified or for giving low skilled players a leg up, but that sort of design propogated for a reason. Throw that out, and in a 8 person game, QC is probably fun for about 3 of those players. I'm not someone who gets fustrated with losing a game if I'm enjoying myself, but the gameplay loop for those of us on the losing end is absolutely no fun what-so-ever. I know some will respond with some form of 'git gud', and that's fine, but if I wanted to grind my way through hours upon hours of abuse, failure, and misery, well, at least my job also pays me to do it."
,Recommended,611500,35025050,Posted: 17 September,all,Agent Strange,"***Note that I put in many more hours into the Bethesda Launcher Closed Beta***QUAKE CHAMPIONS REVIEW THINGY FROM A FIRST TIME QUAKE PLAYERSo as the title implies, this is my first experience with the Quake franchise. I've been playing shooters since GoldenEye so I've onviously heard of Quake but never really found myself interested in seeing what the franchise had to offer until the godlike Wolfenstein and DOOM reboots came out. When Quake Champions got announced I thought it'd be good way to at least see what made Quake one of the most important and influential FPS series out there. I mean this is the series that not only introduced machinima but also soldified Deathmatch and Team Deathmatch as staple FPS game modes. Boy oh boy am I glad I gave this game a chance.This is the kind of FPS gameplay I've been looking for since Halo 3 but faster, bloodier, and just all around more badass. This is like Halo CE LAN parties on Hang Em High but on speed and crack. It's glorioius. Pickups, jump pads, portals, power ups, great map design...this game has it all. The cherry on top for me as someone whos new favorite game of all time is DOOM 2016 this game also must have because it has the DOOM SLAYER in it as well the Doom II Super Shotgun and a whole other bunch of DOOM and Wolfenstein goodies in it. Like when you use DOOM SLAYER'S ult it plays the Mick Gordon rendition of At Doom's Gate. Brilliant!I should also mention that the community is pretty cool too. I've had lots of quality and funny interactions with folks via chat and have not once been called a racial slur or any other such pleasantness. While this may not be representative of everyone elses experience I thought it was worth mentioning since nowadays chat in multiplayer shooters is hardly worth engaging with.So to round this up I'll pose you with a question. Do you like fast shooters with pickups and an easy to pick up but difficult to master gameplay meta? If so than this game is for you. I have no qualms with recommending this game to people whatsoever. Since the Bethesda Launcher version is still free to play I would recommend trying that out first before spending $30 here. Also the whole loot box system might be a turn off for some but thankfully it's easy to get the in-game money necessary to buy said boxes and the item they unlock are purely cosmetic so there's that.I'll leave this variation of a meme review I say for DOOM 2016 when it came out to finish this up.Before acquiring Quad Damage＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter acquiring Quad Damage／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ)'　　　　　　　　 )　 ')/ ｜　　( ◣_◢）ノ⌒（ゝ.,ﾉ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,611500,35051213,Posted: 18 September,all,Raptorz,Finally a really good arena shooter.10/10 I really recommend it!
76561198386583721,Not Recommended,611500,35073652,Posted: 19 September,all,Bucket,"I was very excited to purchase this game. I used to play quake on the PC and even had the Sega Dreamcast version. Quake has always been an intense and fun, fast-paced shooter. This game does a fairly decent job of capturing that. Unfortunately, as far as I am concerned, there is only one issue with this game: Everything this game sets out to accomplish, the fast-pace, the over-the-top weapons and violence, the mechanics of running and gunning, are all very similar to the newest DOOM (2016) BUT this game doesn't play as well as DOOM in any of these areas.This game reminds me of if the developers of doom let me play the early beta before finishing it. I get it, this IS a beta. I just can't see myself playing this over DOOM in any scenario. One example; the jump -> double -jump system is here, but you cannot pull yourself up on a ledge like in doom. You have to find  a boost pad if the ledge is too high. I know this is only a small and bad example, but if I am only able to play a little bit here and there. I want the best experience, which is still DOOM at the moment when it comes to this genre of shooter."
76561197970001488,Recommended,611500,35475065,Posted: 4 October,all,Tayski,Quake is back and strong.The ability system might put off some of the old schoolers but it actually blends in quite nicely.Sacrifice is a great gametype that I highly recommend if you like playing fast paced objective based FPS.I've been playing Quake Champions since the very first closed beta and the game is constantly getting upgraded and improved.There were initially a tons of bugs and issues and they are all being resolved one after the other. I have confidence that this game will develop as they keep listenining to the community and fixing any issues that need solving.People who experience issues or have ideas for improvements should definitely voice them via either the bug reporting funnction in the game or the online forum as all those feedbacks are being taken into consideration to always improve the game.Glad that Quake is back and let's frag!
,Recommended,611500,34440815,Posted: 23 August,all,CXIV,"This game is to multiplayer what DOOM was to singleplayer. Fast paced fun with pure skill instead of a lot of the other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t found in most FPS games. The character abilities, while they can seem overpowered, are pretty well balanced."
,Not Recommended,611500,34994152,Posted: 16 September,all,AVET280085,"Great game I must say, balance could be tweaked a lil bit but overall good game atm. Problem is it brakes my heart that its not as popular as PUBG or CSGO. The game has lots of potential. But bad thing is there is no custom modes, for example Q3A rail gun only DM mode... so on and so on workshop maps are also needed for the game. I dont regret 30$ for this game but I could understand being alot for some new players that dont know the lores and didnt play Quake 3 Arena.The only way I see this game getting to the big games like csgo and pubg is to go free to play. I personaly wouldnt care about wasting 30$ on a free to play game if it gets healthyer but I see that as a only solution and they need more MARKETING."
,Not Recommended,611500,35213013,Posted: 25 September,all,WhiTeyFU,"Yes, this game is early access, but there are so many problems with the game currently, and it's already hemorraghing players so badly, that I can't recommend it in it's current state.They promised a lot of fixes of core gameplay issues, along with new content and game modes in a big patch that's supposedly coming in October, but at this point it might be too late, the arena fps genre isn't very popular these days, and if it had any chance of being revived, the game trying to do so had to be near perfect, and unfortunately this game is going to be far from perfect for the forseeable future.I love the Quake games, and while the core gameplay definitely makes a solid attempt at capturing the feel of those games, the overall execution and new features they tried to impliment are poor at best.If the promised October patch delivers all they say it will, I will change my review, but until then, if you want to save your sanity, avoid this game or wait to try it whenever it goes into a full F2P release."
76561198076396065,Recommended,611500,34424576,Posted: 22 August,all,tonesims,"Buy it so we don't have to wait so long for queue time.Been playing since day 1 of the closed beta. It's fun, has had a lot of problems, but the latest update has significantly improved the gameplay. Hopefully new folks aren't turned off by it. You can easily get stomped. But you won't get better if you don't practice."
,Recommended,611500,34427445,Posted: 22 August,all,Andrew,Very good yes yes
,Recommended,611500,34429801,Posted: 22 August,all,viad,"Note: I’ve previously played Quake Live starting on December 21, 2009, and played during the Quake Champions beta test.Quake Champions is the next installment in the Quake franchise, continuing upon the gameplay of Quake Live. As such, the overall gameplay of QC is much like other titles in the series. With a slew of new additions to the game, QC stays true to the Quake formula while adding new twists to make exciting matches with more options to play your way.Gameplay is a huge part of Quake, and the majority of the game does play like previous Quake titles. Movement is still a core technique, with strafe jumping and rocket jumping being useful to navigate the maps. The set of available weapons is also the same, with classics like the Lightning Gun, Railgun, and Rocket Launcher being around in the arenas. Pickups and powerups work the same way to heal health, protect against damage, or help in fragging other opponents.The new features of Quake Champions lie within champions and abilities. Champions have different stats and abilities. Each champion has a single active ability that runs on a cooldown and varying passive abilities that can be executed anytime and deal with movement. Some champions have different movement options. For example, Ranger’s movement is based on Q3A, Anarki has CPMA style movement, and Slash has the slide mechanic from Q4. Some movement options have never been seen before in Quake, such as Nyx’s wall jump and Clutch’s UT inspired dodge jumps. Using both the active ability and various movement options of the champions is crucial to victory, as it can give an edge when the abilities are used at certain crucial moments. That said, weapons do not change with different champions, so using the right weapons in certain situations is important along with utilizing each champion’s abilities.With the similar Quake style gameplay being infused with champions with different abilities, the gamemodes also have received a small facelift. Classic gamemodes like FFA and TDM are still available in QC. Some returning gamemodes are slightly tweaked, such as the 1 Flag CTF variant named Sacrifice and a round based Duel mode. These modes try to make choosing each champion more important by using certain champions and their abilities in the right situation. Overall, the gamemodes in QC play similarly to the previous modes seen in other Quake titles, with the tweaked modes offering a style of play that feels similar while offering a new set of rules to master.Quake Champions is at its core a Quake game, and it shows with the similar gameplay along new gameplay features. Both new and old players will enjoy the straightforward fragging action along with each champion’s unique set of abilities. Quake veterans should have no problems getting accustomed to QC’s gameplay, while new players can quickly grasp Quake’s gameplay and movement by trying out each champion. With classic Quake gameplay and champions adding a new twist to the game, Quake Champions works great as the next new title in the series that brings new ideas while staying true to its Quake roots."
,Recommended,611500,34431625,Posted: 22 August,all,BumbaGET on GNU/Linux,"The visceral ultimate shooter. Responsive, creative and uber fast !"
76561197971445822,Recommended,611500,34505934,Posted: 26 August,all,Shady5B,"ONLY A COUPLE OF HOUR INThis is just a quick summary of the first couple of hours.It's fun, no doubting that. Two big issues for me, both of which should be resolved as early access ends and more people start getting into the game:1- Wait times for starting a game are too long. Not terrible, but honestly as fast paced as the game is to play, waiting 2-4 minutes between matches to find another one kind of kills the mood.2- TERRIBLE matchmaking to start. Until your MMR, or however they are basing skill, gets established, expect some/several matches to be completely destroyed by other. There just are not enough people/matches occuring yet to even this out.Again though, both of these issues should level out as more people start playing. And even the skill gap seems to have closed a good bit in the lowly 4 hours I've played at the time of writing.The gameplay itself is fun and fast. Defintely a callback to Q3, but not a copy. Can't wait to see where it goes from here."
,Not Recommended,611500,34567532,Posted: 28 August,all,Grenade Egg,"I want to like this game, for the most part its still ""Quake"", but I just don't agree with with the whole ""Champions"" part, I think Quake should be a equal playing field where its just skill, not just the fact that someone might be playing a meta champ against someone that is playing a low tier champ. I get that people seem to like the Overwatch/Destiny style ""ults"", but I don't, if I wanted to play Overwatch or Destiny I would play those games. Stuff like that does not belong in Quake. People may aruge that the different champs don't have that much a difference to each other, but there should be no difference at all, thats the best way to balance a shooter.Though I will have to admit, it does have that Arena shooter feel to it, which is really nice. Its refreshing to see weapon pick ups again in a mutiplayer FPS. But despite all that, one of biggest reasons why I refunded this is simply because I got bored. I played a little under an hour and felt like this was it, this was the whole game. I couldn't see myself investing a lot of hours in to this game because I simply was not having fun, that after playing a few matches that every match was pretty much going to be the same. Its hard to describe, despite all the carrot on a stick loot crate cosmetics they push I felt like I had nothing to look foward to in the game, every match was going to feel like the last one.Though my biggest gripe with this game is the loot crate system. Not every game needs this(in fact I would argue that no game should have this). You grind (or pay $) to open a crate that might have some shiny new pants that look almost the same as the stock pants for a champ you might not even use or a skin for a weapon you never pick up. I thought games having paid cosmetics was bad but now you pay for a chance to get the skin you want. Not everyone needs to copy this style of paid cosmetics. The game would stand out more if it did not just copy whats popular at the moment with games.I mean its not a bad game, I don't hate it. If you don't mind loot crate style cosmetics and ""hero"" style classes then this game would be fun for you. Its just not for me."
,Not Recommended,611500,34631942,Posted: 31 August,all,PCZombie,I love playing this! But The match making is terrible I havent been able to get a game for days now and just waited another 6 minutes in the lobby and nothing :(
,Recommended,611500,34700076,Posted: 2 September,all,diigital,"It's quake baby! It has some issues right now but the core experience is just what it always was, only new and improved. Definitely worth playing if you enjoy competitive/challenging shooters with the best movement systems around"
,Not Recommended,611500,34744156,Posted: 4 September,all,Yarp Yarp,"DO NOT BUY, wait for free to play..You will ruin it for yourself if you hop in early.Cons- Some games your bullets just stop working (requires a restart)- Crates are a rip off, if you spend 40$ on champions pack you are likely to get 100 duplicate champions from reliquaries.- Connection time out happens ever 3-4 games- Friends list was bugged and required a reinstall- Current Scroll Lore design is totally backwards, basically you hop in break a couple jars if someone gets lore everyone abandons. (I dont blame them, you have to  be the first person to collect something at the beggining of the game 110 times in RNG order for champion skins.)- Again loot system sucks and is bugged, you are more likely to get a duplicate shader than a new one, or even RUNES.Pros- When it works I guess? The gameplay is decent.- Maps"
76561198093138418,Not Recommended,611500,34767241,Posted: 5 September,all,KoldKone,"This is a giant massive♥♥♥♥♥♥in my face, I spent 2 hours fixing this, going into video.cgfGoing through firewall to disable itstill nothingbrowsing reddit just to find the answerNopeHad to watch a guy yell at h1z1 to calm himselfStill mad as ♥♥♥♥, I hate that I couldn't even launch this game up and play it."
76561198054121107,Recommended,611500,34846376,Posted: 9 September,all,Danymals,"Been playing since the closed beta, love how everything is and feels. But of course there are some issues that still need to be addressed but In due time they should all be resolved. This game is honestly worth the price tag it has and I cant wait to see more content be dumped out on this game."
,Recommended,611500,34876016,Posted: 10 September,all,RAIZO,"Fast paced, addictive arena shooting at its best. Super fun, and at times unforgivingly challenging, and sweet holy hell how badly I suck at it!!Sure, I've ranked 3rd in a match a couple times and even 1st once but literally 9 out of 10 matches I'm the guy at the bottom of the list when it comes to that fine balance between kills vs. how many times I've been killed. There are plenty of respawning health pickups/armor pickups but despite how OP'd you attempt to make yourself, be prepared to get 1 hit killed/noscoped/aimbot(ed) lots of times. And no, it likely won't matter that you spam rockets all over the place or go full auto on someone's head point blank range....that someone will likely get you before you get them.But to me, that just makes me want to come back for more. The challenge of trying to stay alive as long as I can, die as little as possible and hopefully frag for days in the process.So far there's a nice number of champions to play as, including Doom Slayer (aka Doom Guy) from DOOM and B.J. from the Wolfenstein series. Also, there are plenty of armor components to unlock, including skins and shader options. The weapons have skins and such too, and you can get in game currency to buy backpacks to acquire more loot, as well as chests that you can acquire and unlock from leveling up, completing challenges and spending actual currency to get special ingame currency (of course this will get you some of the best stuff but you can still get rare and epic loot just from the cheap/free backpacks sometimes).This seems like a pretty good start so far, not just for arena style shooters but also for a pseudo reboot of the Quake franchise. Fans of Quake and shooters alike should definitely enjoy this."
76561197992759374,Not Recommended,611500,34939476,Posted: 13 September,all,Gharb,"I'm a long time Quake fan. But since it's been years, I'm not that much into gaming now so I'm judging the game from the casual player perspective.I understand it's in beta at the moment so I miss several much needed features, like creating custom maps for solo-practice or practice against bots. Once in a while I'd like to simply practice only railgun or rocket launcher shooting to improve my skills but there's no chance to do it. Custom maps + bots would be really great.Anyway, ""cons"" is a large section but it's not because the game is bad. It's Quake, it has a lot of positive qualities but what's great — the core gameplay is amazing, it's the shell and some mechanics that require polishing.Pros:— the gameplay itself is awesome! It's just as fast-paced as Q gameplay should be— love the idea with champions. I understand it might be not balanced but as a casual player I can barely notice that. To me it's downright fun and gameplay more variable— it's visually great. Love the maps design, graphics itself and most of all — customization or champions & weapons. Especially the weapons. <3 Q2 railgun and Q1 rocket, such a joy!Interface cons (this is irrelevant unless you actually care for menus, design and smooth experience):— I find interface non-intuitive and non-userfriendly. Navigation at the top, navigation at the bottom, some buttons around the screens and it's all so LARGE. I think it could be more neat and grouped better. For example, it'd be nice to group game/chat/tech settings in one block, match/character settings in another.— there're some really weird grouping of the nav butotns. Info about champions is split up — i have to go to one nav if i want to read up lore, to another to customize then, yet to another to select them and yet to another to buy them (alright, this one might make sense. Might), runes on the other hand could be found in two difference user stories, but weapons/cusomization only in one. There's more but summarizing: i'd like to have access to information in a more compact and obvious way.— ""Play match"" screen hides information and customisation blocks that are displayed only on ""hover"" which I personally find frustrating — I can't see selected options right away and they are hidden once I mouse-out the block. Why am I force to guess or remember the settings? Not to mention that they get reset after game reboot. Pain.— Medals, fonts and especially tables are so LARGE that it's hard to scan all the information I need, scrolling through the statistics or medals if I want to find something in particualar. I want to browse my weapon statistics or medals — I can see only THREE lines in a table on my entire screen. But comeon, it's data that is important but at the moment everything forces me to scroll and wander all around the screen and makes it really hard to find anything or compare— The ""Ready"" button that appears after players have been found creates an impression that you must confirm your intention to play in order to get into the match. This is no big deal as it's not mandatory but it does FEEL that way. I don't like being asked twice. It's not a game like that — I want to get into bloody fast-paced andrenaline action NOW.Cons:— i dislike the idea that some items, including higher tier chests, are only obtainable via real-life currency. Why not make them obtainable for a higher price of shards or make them super-rare drops? I don't like to buy only beginner chests, it's somewhat boring— same as above — 5000 currency for a timed champion test-drive is a bit of an overkill in my opinion. I have bought champions pack but I still don't find this mechanics fun. It's nice to HAVE things in posession. If champions could drop with low chance from the chests, it's not obvious at all— timing at the beginning/ending of the match. Wait for a game, wait for players, wait for animation, warmup — ACTION FINALLY — wait for animation, wait for loading, don't mash ""esc"" cause you'll miss statistics you want to see.— need more statistics after the match, please. Would be nice to see weapon stats for all weapons and players, for example. Numbers and data are fun!Worst of all: matchmaking and balance.I'm a casual player and I'd like to get queued against people with the same time-investment as me or yet better — against those of a similar skill. Even in quick matches, yeah.I'm level 1, enter the game for the first time — hello lvl 30 guys, not giving me much of a chance to even learn the map!Or balancing teams. Why on earth in one team we have lvl 1-10 guys and 20-40 on the opposite? Seriously? It's not fun at all, I bet for all of us, it's not a match or a fight, it's a humiliating way to waste 10 minutes of my time. Too much of a difference in skill. Why isn't it possible to at least split people evenly so each team would have 2 lamers and 2 experienced players? Or better — to find people of a more equal skill right from the start.Sometimes it makes the game downright frustrating. Loading screen, I see that there's some really serious and experienced guy on another team — and my motivation to play is non-existant, I want to quit the match before it has begun.At one match yesterday 3 people from my team simply left after 5 minutes. And the rest of the match I was playing solo against 4. Fun? Not really, it's gamebreaking for me.Overall: it's a great, awesome game with one major flaw and several other ones. But if we have a chance to get some improvement, this would be absolutely great and fun hobby to have even without investing too much time in it.Personally for me, I'd give it a thumb up as soon as I would stop being humiliated by players that are by far more skilled than me and we simply have no fun playing one against each other.But if you're experienced in shooters and not afraid of a rough and unbalanced start — i could recommend QM even now."
76561198007342827,Recommended,611500,35059784,Posted: 19 September,all,DrRabbit,"Pros:- Very dynamic gameplay. Quake is back!- Set of different quake mechanics in one game (Vanilla, CPMA)- Character differences (HP/Armor/Abilities). Brings meta and a bit random to Quake but it doesn't has so huge impact like in Overwatch. Old school quake players will dominate you with any character.Cons:- Very long beta and very rare updates- Bad netcode- Character balance problemsOverall impressions are strongly positive. Hope all problems will be fixed till release."
76561197981493307,Recommended,611500,35131604,Posted: 22 September,all,K-man,A Game For Mad Man...
,Recommended,611500,35335113,Posted: 30 September,all,Quantum.,It's good but I suck at it.
76561198102568049,Recommended,611500,34444674,Posted: 23 August,all,Adam Strange,"There's never been a better time to begin/return/continue playing Quake.With Quake Champions, id has made a place for all Quakers to come together under one roof. The greatest thing about having the champions is that there are 4 different movement types taken straight from different Quakes of yore. Spend the time delving into them and you will be thoroughly rewarded.As long as you can deal with a work-in-progress Early Access game, go for it. The more you put in, the more Quake will reward you."
,Recommended,611500,34482123,Posted: 25 August,all,gg,you can play as doom guy in quake what more could you ask for?
,Recommended,611500,34790455,Posted: 7 September,all,Swellelegant Mc. Thicc Thighs,"Nice blend of old school, bunny-hop centric, fast paced brutal action with some more modern gaming conventions, such as customizable weapons and skins and a variety of different champions to choose from.Frustratingly brutal and break-neck fast, but that's exactly what the doctor asked for.I can only hope that they continue to add new maps into the forseeable future, as the map selection is limited right now.Lots of potential and I definitely see myself sinking a lot of time into this game."
,Recommended,611500,34796117,Posted: 7 September,all,Eclipse,"Pros :-Runs on a variety of machines, even 2013-level toasters-Good old fast-paced arena shooter-Easy to learn, hard to master-Champions add a modern twist to the core game, keeping it freshCons :-Optimization needs a bit of work-Netcode somewhat terrible, you'll find yourself in situations where you deal 0 damage-Tutorial really needs an offline bot mode-Some of the champions are basically too powerfulIt's definitely a Quake game; you might get angry, but with each death you learn from your mistakes and become better.However, this game needs some balancing right now.The champion pack is a really good deal (30$ to get every champion, including future ones), but you can also get them from crates if you don't want to spend money. Best thing to do now is to be patient for updates or wait untill the game goes free to play."
76561197965281811,Recommended,611500,34873770,Posted: 10 September,all,Hammy,awesome game love it
76561198044681654,Recommended,611500,34914012,Posted: 12 September,all,Juddly,"The game is awesome! It feels like Quake. Fast and unforgiving. It feels great, given it's Early Access. I trust that the developers will fix the net-code, matchmaking, menu UI, champion balance and so on in time. It's only going to get better.""You can get your girlfriend into Overwatch, you can't get her into Quake."" - FrazeQLThis slightly sexist quote, in essence, is saying that there's no easy way to introduce people to Quake, they either possess the drive to learn, or they give up and play something with a lower skill ceiling. It's not a game for casual players, and unless the player-base is huge it probably never will be.As an ArenaFPS veteran, I love it."
76561198021023959,Recommended,611500,35462200,Posted: 3 October,all,Nordom,"Fantastic game if you are in to fast paced arena shooters that require alot of skill and fast thinking. The game got all the elements from all previous Quakes like strafe jumping ofc but also bunny hopping and crouch sliding and some new movements we havent seen in Quake like wall jumping and dubble jumping, it depends on what champion you choose to play. The champions also got 1-2 active skills and 1-3 passive skills.Right now the game is still in beta (EA) and you can buy it and get all the champions which is worth it if you ask me. The game will be free once the EA ends and you can play as the Ranger champion only but ofc be able to unlock champions by playing alot and get them in chests.The games current state is some what buggy and memory leaks that forces you to restart the game after every third game or so to get it as smooth as possible, also huge frame drops and netcode that is a bit off.But I'm sure this will get fixed in this october patch that's around the corner and this patch will be big!"
76561198043798701,Recommended,611500,34425067,Posted: 22 August,all,Flee,"Excellent game that hopefully marks the revival of the FPS genre. There are still some hiccups, as is to be expected from an Early Access game, but the game is fast and a lot of fun. The collectibles and unlockables should add some longevity, and it is clear from a lot of things that the developers care about community input. I can only see the game getting better and fully recommend it to anyone with an interest in fast paced and high skilled FPS games."
76561198072872199,Recommended,611500,34429304,Posted: 22 August,all,mala,its quake....but they need still more job on it..
,Recommended,611500,34458982,Posted: 24 August,all,clark,"Come get some, you know-nothing CoD babies! Daddy is back, and I'm ready to melt all of you little millennial participation trophy receiving snowflakes down with my massive lightning shaft -- well, in between bathroom breaks, of course. I'm getting old and the bladder isn't what it used to be..."
76561198282364792,Recommended,611500,35013421,Posted: 16 September,all,Aeloth13,"Love telefragging, takes me back. 9/10 needs a Strogg champion though."
,Recommended,611500,34426287,Posted: 22 August,all,Cheshire Cat,"Some GOOD♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's the same gameplay as Quake 3 with a new coat of paint, and a hero-shooter style character system to taste. Do note that each character has only one ability on a lengthy cooldown, but you can shave off the cooldown with items in the map.However, the active ability is arguably secondary to a character - The really interesting part is that they all move differently. Strafe jumping still works (visor having uncapped speed), but Sorlag, Anarki, Slash and Clutch all offer alternative methods of gaining speed for different tastes.In short, it's the same Quake you love with some extra spice."
,Recommended,611500,34459024,Posted: 24 August,all,MalSaucyShip,"Great game even if I haven't played it for that long. It's kinda similar to Doom 2016's multiplayer but also feels like the old quake games. One thing I would like in the future for quake champions is more gamemodes. They should make a few playlists, a deathmatch playlist with team deathmatch, free for all and duels. The second one could be objective where there is a capture the flag mode and some sort of king of the hill gamemode. And a party playlist where it could be gun game and some other gamemode that would be fun but not too serious. Would I say if this game is worth it right now for 30 dollars on steam? Eh, I think Bethesda should just make the game free on steam and still have the option to pay money for the champions."
,Not Recommended,611500,34472837,Posted: 24 August,all,Frosty,"Not sure what's with the game, but there's a lot of shooting through terrain moments that shouldn't be happening."
,Recommended,611500,34488151,Posted: 25 August,all,Rook,"The core gameplay is still quite similar to Quake 3 and Quake Live. Character abilities can make a decent difference, but stat-wise all the champions are quite similar. Runs pretty well on low-end hardware. Unfortunately you cannot currently use high or ultra textures without having16 GBsof RAM (Not VRAM.)"
76561198017652783,Recommended,611500,35475729,Posted: 4 October,all,optimizer,"The feels: I like it, it feels like they've perfectly combined the awesome shooter gameplay of the classic shooters while making it a lot more interesting / diverse with different movement styles and abilities. Skill is still the most important thing, and unlike a game like overwatch you cannot be specifically countered.The looks: Awesome! But you do need a good PC for that awesomeness.The problems: its early access, so don't be surprised that there are some: performance, balance, etc. For me personally its mostly minor nuisances, the game is perfectly playable otherwise."
,Recommended,611500,34839461,Posted: 9 September,all,Outcast™,"I am a closed beta tester, so my time on Steam is only a fraction of what I've played. That said, there are changes made from the previous build that I like or dislike.The gameplay is ♥♥♥♥ING GODDAMN FANTASTIC HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ No, seriously, I play Quake since 2, when Steam wasn't a thing and I had to go to a Lanhouse to actually play videogames, this is fast, bloody and FUN. I'm not even counting Classic mode when I say this. Classic mode takes you to 350-400 u/s, but the champions gamemode is quick even when using the ""slower"" champions, since their skills are made to output speed+damage.Ok, so let's dive in what people ""hate"", but *I* actually like: the Champion System. While I do prefer classic mode, this is actually a fun addition. It doesn't feel forced like Overwatch or Paladins since in this game EVERYONE is made to kill, so all the active skills have an attack/defense edge for each champion. You have only one active skill, which reloads relatively fast, so you will learn to take advantage of each champion regarding their own quirks. The passive skills are basically our old Double Jump, Bunny Hop, Strafe, etc, so if you played the OLD Quake games you will pick it up really fast. Would the game be better with ONLY classic mode? Maybe. Would it attract people from the new generation? No. And I'm really ok with people that play MOBA Shooters trying this out because of this.Since this is an Early Access of a MP game, this will constantly need rebalance between weapons and champions. Either way it got progressively better as the sections went by. Right now there are some guns missing so you'll have to adapt to the current ones, some of which feel needlessly OP or UP until the next patch comes.Some people are having issues with ping, but I'm good right now, even on wireless connection.Ok so here's what is making me ANGERY: I have a high end PC with ""just"" 8GB regular ram. Apparently no one with less than 16GB ram can play the game with High/Ultra textures since a memory leak is happening, so they locked out the option to access these entirely. This is odd because I got 100FPS at the build prior to the Steam Open Beta. And the medium textures look pretty bad right now on some characters. BUT this isn't optimized at all, so I kinda should have expected this, games take heavy optimization only at the last two-three months.I love Quake, Doom and Wolfenstein, and much like the last two, Quake Champions is a reboot that the series NEEDED, and I won't be drawn away by what people like in other shooters since it's all blended so naturally with this goresome gameplay that the series always delivered. This is a game made for anyone that likes shooters, so even with the curreent quirks, you will find an intense and replayable game here."
,Not Recommended,611500,34858062,Posted: 10 September,all,VECTOR,"This would be a good game if it didn't have oversalt people in it.The gameplay is actually fun, but you get people in every single match arguing like children and not actually playing the game. It's like a lot of players leaked from Overwatch into this game, just so that they can argue with other players and be salty over nothing.I would have refunded this if it didn't take 3 hours to set up the game and Bethesda account"
76561197998668219,Recommended,611500,34924239,Posted: 13 September,all,D1RTNAP,Quake is back!
,Not Recommended,611500,34971340,Posted: 15 September,all,heavenfell,"when the game runs well it can be very fun, with that being said its pretty trashthe netcode is garbage, one game my enemies will have minimal warp and i can hit 50+ lg and 60+ railthe next game everyone is warping like crazy and COMBINED with THE TINY HITBOXES and INSANE movement speedof ANARKI/SLASH/NYX it makes for some very frustrating gameplaythe only thing that seems to fix this fps warp is restarting your game 100000x but i cba doing that every time i want to playthis game has potential but considering how understaffed id software is right now i dont see it happening"
76561197970971064,Recommended,611500,35005825,Posted: 16 September,all,Boris The Blade,"Game is fun as it is with a shortage of maps to play on and almost no chance to play anything apart from Deathmatch and Team Deathmatch. Looking forward to playing the full version.Coming from a Q2 and Q3 player champions addition looks pretty decent, some are rather weak indeed yet still provide for some variety and replayability. Gameplay is solid and entertaining.Runs just fine at Full HD with 150 FPS average on Core-i7 6700 / 32GB DDR4 / GTX1070, no crashes, no memory leaks, no issues whatsoever.If you liked Q2 and Q3 buy this!"
,Recommended,611500,35211424,Posted: 25 September,all,Abyssal_Echo,Keep up the good work.
,Recommended,611500,35332663,Posted: 30 September,all,EZ,best fps game srsly so fun fast paced fps
,Recommended,611500,34441742,Posted: 23 August,all,Error Ash,"If you like Quake games and want to play one with a fresh take on things, Quake Champions might be for you. The Champions add another layer of strategic depth to the game, since you have to take into account what your opponents champions are capable of. Other than that it very much feels like Quake, fast and hectic gameplay filled with adrenaline.There are still things missing and a few annoying bugs, which is to be expected in an early access. The devs have already stated that they are working hard on optimizing netcode and game engine, and since the closed beta started, quite a few things were added and fixed (sound was improved, warping and lagging are gone, game crashes were fixed, loading times were decreased drastically, performance increased, etc...)"
,Recommended,611500,34445105,Posted: 23 August,all,Grasshopper,EXCELLENT
,Recommended,611500,34447879,Posted: 23 August,all,Rodreth,Discord chat between me and a dev:Rodreth: Need some positive words to get through this early access issues.SyncError: I love you and this game will be amazing.One can believe.
,Not Recommended,611500,34462908,Posted: 24 August,all,Phot0n,"Played many hours in closed beta and started having netcode issues after a patch that came out close to 5 months ago. This issue has never been fixed and has even got worse. I want to like QC so bad as a long time quake player, but I feel they may be in too deep to fix the issues at hand. Purchase with caution."
,Recommended,611500,34474346,Posted: 24 August,all,Chronix,GET ON EEEEEEEEEEET fully SICK
,Not Recommended,611500,34867456,Posted: 10 September,all,Shacobi,Worst hit detection in any FPS I have ever played
,Recommended,611500,35006935,Posted: 16 September,all,dgedwards,"Initially hated this because it wasn't Quake 3 Arena. Then I remembered I have a game called Quake 3 Arena in a box entitled Quake 3 Arena and thus, decided to judge this on its own merits.Was likewise sceptical because anything Tim Willits directs has a tendency to trade clarity in execution for bandwagon riding that works against what id does best.Glad I gave it the chance to prove me wrong, because it did. Lots of fun and far more depth than I originally gave it credit for. Powerups add a degree of defensive and offensive strategy I wasn't expecting and while it's not as fast as I would like, that does seem to depend on how you navigate the maps.One of the rare game experiences were I'll say ""the more you invest, the more you'll get out of it"". Feels like it could carve a real niche for itself and hopefully overtime, it will.Still prefer Quake 3 Arena."
,Not Recommended,611500,35353515,Posted: 30 September,all,Ulysses Longtail,"Poorly made Free to Play styled Quake game. The game looks okay but honestly features terrible gameplay.Pros:-It's a Quake game I guess.-Okay graphics-Good level designCons:-Game is broken in several ways.-Terrible match making that will pit you against Quake vetreans and professionals when you are really new to the game.-Terrible weapon balancing, witht the only 4 truly useable weapons being the Rocket Launcher, Lighting Gun, Rail Gun, and Gauntlet.-Inconsitent gun-play: Any weapon that is not the Rocket Launcher, Lighting gun, Rail gun or the Gauntlet are useless and highly incositent outside of fighting people who are not using any of the big 4 as mentioned beforehand. Play the game to figgure out what I mean.-Imbalanced champion system featuring overpowered or underpowered champion abbilities or F key abbilities that make F key spam a viable option in game. For example the champion Slash is one of the fastest champions in the game and features the abbility plasma trail that apon activation makes her even faster and leaves a plasma trail behind her that does massive damage and makes the ground virtually untredable, than exploding at the end to deal even more damage.-Very few maps.-Champions cost way to much premium currency to buy and ingame currency only will get you 24 hour trials of them as far as I know.-Loot boxes.-Cosmetic items can be obtained in game but mostly only through buyying loot boxes and premium currency in game.-Chalange missions are also locked behind the loot box system.This game is a solid 4/10."
,Recommended,611500,34457529,Posted: 24 August,all,Weirdbeard UK,"The nostalgia is there. Growing up on these fast pace shooters like quake/UT its brilliant to have one remade for the modern era. New adoptees to the series/genre will struggle but for veterans they should thrive on this.The heroes have abilities yes, but hardly game breaking or OP.Still requires a dead shot aim and crazy fast reactions.♥♥♥♥ing loving it."
,Recommended,611500,35143144,Posted: 22 September,all,Revnasty,Recommend for people who enjoyed the original Quake multiplayer-  Do you want to run-n-gun none stop… Do you ever feel like killing indiscriminately for no reason other than you just feel the need to shoot something… Then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,611500,35200790,Posted: 25 September,all,Muhammad A.W. @ MattOtacon,"Fast pace first person arena shooter which currently in early access state,-Super nailgun bullet little bit slow to reach the target (blue type weapon by default shade)-Rocket launcher & Lightning Gun are hot stuff picked up by everyone in every game-Different health pool for every champions-Nyx invincible while her ability active-Bots practice not available-Not very active players on Asia region (SG server), have to choose the lowest ping server+speed while moving increase with strafe jumping+Galeena trap on teleport door exit is a good move+Fidget-Spinner-Gauntlet killing machine+Sorlag and Ranger are good choices for newcomer+Good player attitude on community (oftenly called as ""QuakeDad"")+Remastered Arena + Graphics + Enhanced Champions+Sniper = Railgun""Elf on the ShelfQuad on the SquadQuake on the Cake""-Quaker Oats"
,Not Recommended,611500,34509629,Posted: 26 August,all,pagb666,"As much I like Quake, with the current state of the netcode, I just cannot recommend it. Even with 40 ping, you die after turning around the corner and experience serious rubberbanding issues. And it has gotten worse since the closed beta."
,Not Recommended,611500,34424770,Posted: 22 August,all,Boomstixx,"I've changed my mind... I do not recommend this game.Somehow it takes up to 10 minutes to find a match.If you find a game, the game disconnects you from the server - for no reason.The longest time of the two hours I've ""played"" the game, i stared at the main menu, waiting.Now I'll wait again:On my refund and until it's released and free to play."
,Recommended,611500,34423316,Posted: 22 August,all,NightWolf,AGENT is a best player in the world :D
,Recommended,611500,34423517,Posted: 22 August,all,Whhaayy!,playing since beginning of the closed beta. There are a few problems but all in all the game is an absolute blast!
76561197968909326,Not Recommended,611500,34832439,Posted: 9 September,all,Tuin™,Press space bar to respawn
,Recommended,611500,34424493,Posted: 22 August,all,Amduscias,Strafe jump around and shoot rockets at the ground.Sometimes shoot rockets at other people.The Quad is generally a trap.Slash is best girl.
76561198001886663,Not Recommended,611500,34873344,Posted: 10 September,all,Mot,"The worst Quake.Balanced for casuals. Horrible performance.  Laughable netcode.  The ladder two may be fixed eventually, but I guarantee balance will not.  The developers went out of their way to remove item control which, as far as I'm concerned, was Quake's greatest mechanic. Low maximum stacks, super fast stack decay, absurdly powerful starting weapons, movement speed caps, poor visibility, and on and on and on. Frankly, I'd rather have had Quake pass away with dignity than be Frankensteined in this fashion."
76561198066701599,Not Recommended,611500,34831118,Posted: 9 September,all,gs,"Such a shame, slap the Quake name on it then stuff it full of microtransactional garbage so you can unlock items that should be included.  RIP OFF"
,Not Recommended,611500,34749267,Posted: 4 September,all,frozen pizza tier list: part 1,"It's so close to being a good Quake game, but broken parts of it hold it back from greatness. Character balance is out of whack, with a few characters clearly excelling at all roles and some being virtually worthless. Most damning of all, the hit registration is completely messed up. Clear direct rocket impacts are rewarded with 0 damage, rails clip through enemy models for nothing, gauntlets hit from multiple character distances away, sustained LG streams just drop damage ticks for no reason. And these aren't getting fixed, these problems have existed across betas and now in early access.It's salvagable, but in its current state I cannot recommend this."
76561198023054527,Not Recommended,611500,34663479,Posted: 1 September,all,Era,"To be honest, I don't like the new character ability/stats system at all. Shouldn't matter who you want to play and how many hp/armor/speed he/she has. Graphics is also a bit disappointing even on Ultra, should be at least on par with DOOM. Ping is also about 4 times higher than in any other FPS I own. People can kill me with one hit, but others don't care if I hit them with 3 rockets to the face? Come on! Unfortunately I can only vote YES/NO, so it's a NO for now although it's a bit too harsh."
76561198014589920,Not Recommended,611500,35004666,Posted: 16 September,all,LemonCurry?,as of this moment i can not recommend  this game simply because it really feels like and early acess game - wait until they have worked out the bumps.Also ♥♥♥♥ champions this aint Quake.
76561198059386627,Not Recommended,611500,34492563,Posted: 25 August,all,36thelement,"Got forced to complete the tutorial before I could try multiplayer, yet I couldn't complete it since the tutorial kept lagging and rubber banding me back to the same position when I moved. Seems the game creates an online private server for the tutorial or something."
76561198077096715,Not Recommended,611500,34916402,Posted: 13 September,all,CrashGameReviews,"Quake champions has a major balancing issue.i'll have 1 good match against people at my skill level, just trying to learnthen there's this 1 team of players who have nothing better to do with their time and they will destroy you.they're all either way higher level or they've been playing quake for years and have no girlfriends.it makes the game impossible to enjoy because theres absolutely no balancingthen the hitboxes are another major offender of this game.  good luck hitting anything you intend to because rockets fly through everyone but seem to always hit you when you don't want them too.** I UNDERSTAND THIS IS IN BETA **but if you're thinking ""Hey this looks fun i should give it a try"" DON'T.until match making is sorted out properly this game isn't worth 29.99, after playing this and having fun and going to pure hatred and rage you wont need a barber anymore cause you're going to end up losing all your hair due to stress.Quake Champions is already falling victims to the edgelords who try way too hard to become a professional E-sports team. so there's no room for fun here, you better be good at this game and have 20 years experiance like applying for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ job that requires that much experiance because you're gonna hate it other wise.I was really hoping that I'd enjoy this, but it's just gonna be another ""Git gud"" grind that i'm gonna suffer though because i already put my 3 hours in and i can't get a ♥♥♥♥ing refund."
76561198321732891,Not Recommended,611500,34845318,Posted: 9 September,all,didntflush,"The skill ceiling in this game is HUGE and the game is A LOT of fun if you put in the time to watch youtube videos, do practice exercises, and dedicate yourself pretty seriously to getting better...but is it worth the time (~20 hrs gameplay) to be able to play it well?  At first I thought it was, but after uninstalling it to focus on school and work I realized just how much time this game takes up.   It is not at all meant for casual gamers with just an hour or two to play each day.  If you are interested in a fps that is a lot of fun and does not require constant practice and skill sharpening to enjoy, try Overwatch.  It is much, much better for people who have, or want to have, other things in their life."
76561198019995259,Not Recommended,611500,34919874,Posted: 13 September,all,Masterchief461 <ᛏ>,"The netcode SUCKS! I can have 20 in ping, but I still rubberband and teleport everywhere, and I can be killed by a guy in the next room over due to the horrible netcoding..."
,Not Recommended,611500,34960484,Posted: 14 September,all,Grime Godfather Peewee Herman,"Played for about five hours on the Bethesda launcher, and very little time on Steam.The sheer fact alone that a prestigious skill based shooter has characters that havevaryingmax health pools doesnt make any sense. I appreciate the effort to bring a modern twist to a classic game, but this was done the wrong way. All players should be on an equal playing field - Quake should be played around the players individual skill with the weapons and movement mechanics, not the ability to press F and have an ability that can almost if not immediately kill other players.Fun game; built well, plays smoothly and feels amazing. The Champions are exactly what let it down.(Not to mention you either pay for the champions, or surrender to RNG Jesus through crates that are primarily available through microtransactions. Great job.)"
76561198017618037,Not Recommended,611500,34959404,Posted: 14 September,all,MysteryNigga,"What to say...It attempts to capitalize on the class based ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of 'nu-games' but gets away from the roots of what made Quake, Quake.Certain classes can move faster, wall jump or double jump as a passive ability. This means that people will have an advantage right out of the gate over others who simply want to look different. This isn't Quake, it's a wannabe FPS pseudo-moba.  Hell, I don't have any issue with the active abilities, but the passives completely skew the game.Players are capped at eight and the entire system is matchmaking. Many players want what we had back when GameSpy, Mplayer and QuakeWorld were still around with high cap servers where WE can choose the map, mods and type of play. Playing on the same servers actually creates communities around subsets of the game rather than blindly throwing people together in 'generic FPS 2017'The maps are small by scale comparison to original Quake maps with no plans by the developer to release development tools so people can create their own maps and modifications like Quake TF, Spazball, etc. So it'll be another stale fps clone without much to go on beyond a quick DM/TDM.The technical side is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥with the netcode and hitboxes being so absurdly awful that the overall mechanics get horribly watered down.  Also any FPS in this vein that has a K/D ratio and attempts to call itself 'Quake' is already♥♥♥♥♥♥ It gets away from the point of pure violence. And yes there are already all sorts of hacks available for the game; wonderful. That combined with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t matchmaking means that we cannot police ourselves. No admins can jump in and remove the problem. We have to wait for someone to report it and hope it gets looked at months down the line.Not that anyone developing games listens or gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥ but here's what we want:Quake in its purest form; complete with extreme violence and♥♥♥♥♥♥talking. Pure 90's glory. Not your personal take of a game that came out before you were born and that you watched your dad play. Not a hybrid of anything, no class mechanics, no stupid gimmicks. Give us full development access and dedicated server ability so we can make the game how we want it, not how you think we want it.To say this game♥♥♥♥♥♥the bed would be the understatement of the year.  Bethesda, you can eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198256562333,Not Recommended,611500,34918130,Posted: 13 September,all,Kira,"you're going to die alot and will have to learn how to get good in this game if your a new player.also the other quake games are better than this even though their dead.It's ""Alright""Not for that price tag though that's why this is a thumbs down"
,Recommended,611500,34431951,Posted: 23 August,all,datguylucky,CHOO-CHOO!
,Recommended,611500,34547490,Posted: 28 August,all,MarikMλyhem,The game feel exactly like modernised quake 3 arena and its waaay better than quake LIVE. The heroes are well balanced and not a problem at all.. The games run smooth on my old hardware.. I was participating in the beta and it  was laggy then but it runs good now.. I really enjoy the game Higly Recommend!
76561197965866313,Recommended,611500,34547399,Posted: 28 August,all,Mortis,"Fun, frantic Quake just how I remember it. Most of the games play very well, however as its early access theres a few netcode issues here and there but I only encounted this in about 10% of matches. I live in Australia and have no problem finding games within a minute or so - a huge improvement over the beta.If you want a decent arena shooter, this is it and its only going to get better!"
,Recommended,611500,34519236,Posted: 26 August,all,Cryptic,"Quake is back. So is lag.I wrote a poem, but it's bad.Jump pads and frags.Quad dropped; He mad.Gauntlet goes buzzzzzz (Cause i need to get stacked!)I baited Ranger into the quad damage, he exploded, mine now/10--_--Ok, newblood, Quake might be back but we need YOU, so here is what you need to know.Do not be afraid, we dont bite, (Quake was the birth of typing ""NS"" or, nice shot) and usually someone will help you out if you ask, but the game is super unforgiving if you don't prepare...and that is why this is the best quake so far! (because information is ABUNDANT now)Information about your charecter is clear before you begin the game, the tutorial just added is INCREDIBLY well designed to teach you the basic concept of arena shootery, I would reccomend atleast 2 runs through if you are ""brand new"" because the weapon switching portion is priceless training. Remember the 3 R's of Quake: Rockets, Rails & R-Lightning gun.And...you don't have to risk your ego by piling into a server full of pro-amateurs, like it was done 10-20 years ago.  Trust me, that was impossible, you were better off going and fighting the bots.Your skill and speed dont matter yet, this is a thinking players FPS, be smart, be quiet at first, get stacked and survive, listen for enemies and get the drop on them at full hp and armor, that godlike killstreak the enemy got isn't the goal for you yet, shutting him down is."
,Not Recommended,611500,34588858,Posted: 29 August,all,✿ matt,"This game has two serious issues.1.)  Graphical performance is tied to network performance.  Increasing your FPS will increase the amount of data that the client has to send to the server.  Therefore, high FPS (120 or 144 for instance) is a no-go for individuals with slow upload speeds.  Even if your graphics card is good, you need a fast upload speed.2.) It is nice that we have dedicated servers located all around the globe, but they suck.  Unless you live really close to any of the datacenters, expect 40+ ping on a good connection.While the game itself is fun, I do not recommend buying the champions pack until they improve the network and server performance."
,Recommended,611500,34468170,Posted: 24 August,all,Priortox,Reminds me of Unreal Tournament
,Not Recommended,611500,34504711,Posted: 26 August,all,4Forces | .throzeN!`,"I just... can't. I can't recommend a Quake game. Which is deeply upsetting to me.I'll kick off with the fluffy stuff. Quake Champions a perfectly fine and welcome instalment to the Quake family. When I first heard that it was in the making, I was fist pumping. I love Quake, Doom and Unreal Tournament - the three powerhouses in the world of arena shooters.The latest edition of Quake is relatively easy to grasp and generally pleasant to play. It serves up new character customisation features, a good interface and, so far, is generally bug free.It was when I jumped into a deathmatch game that my enthusiasm slipped. Oh, where to begin...The movement mechanics are sluggish, incredibly dated and lacks fluidity. It feels clunky, which is made worse when battling foes while trying to perform slick, unpredictable movements. The pace feels much slower than previous Quake games, which doesn't help the entire sluggish movement issue.The weapons are pretty uninspired. Some sort of small assault rifle, a rocket launcher, a link gun, and so on. I'd never wish for the traditional clan arena recipe to be altered or 'modernised', but I'm tired of these weapons. It just feels rehashed.The graphics absolutely aren't on-par with modern releases, most comparably DOOM, which is graphical masterpiece.There are loot crates. I mean, I'm not against things like micro-transactions, character customisation or unlockable content, but this really seems cheap. They're walking in the shadows of Overwatch, pandering to the lowest common denominator and adopting the laziest approach to hooking players. Just, please - come up with something original for a change. How many times can somebody tether themselves to a video game because they absolutely must secure every piece of headwear in the game?The biggest problem though? It's just not that fun. It's fun - but not THAT fun.I played a number of games for a few hours - some games I did well and topped the scoreboard, and some not so well. No matter the outcome of the matches... I wasn't satisfied on the inside. I just felt ""meh"" - I wasn't full up and needed to lie down after a roller-coaster ride.This take on the traditional run-and-gun fragging experience feels incredibly lackluster and leaves behind the exhilaration that comes out of the box with both previous Quake games and its sisters - again, most comparably DOOM.All the while I kept thinking that Quake Champions, in its current form, isn't even in the same league as its age-old counterpart, DOOM. DOOM, in contrast, is a far superior game in terms of its simplicity, its graphics, its fluidity and most importantly its fun factor.I'm sorry. I wish this game all the best. I'll hold onto it, safely inside my Steam library, eagerly on the look-out for new updates as it matures.TL;DR: DOOM is far better in every single way."
,Recommended,611500,34694931,Posted: 2 September,all,I'm already under attack,happy birthday slash
,Recommended,611500,34511893,Posted: 26 August,all,Would you make me a sandwich?,"Quake is back!+The champions are interesting, and add a flavor to the fast-paced Quake gameplay, but none of them feel over-powered. Raw skill is still the deciding factor in games, so there isn't really any hard-counter tactics.+Game will be Free to Play, and spending money unlocks champions or cosmetics, so no advantage here.+Still runs at a very smooth framerate if you have a decent PC.+Most cosmetics can also be unlocked just by gameplay, and are fun little nods to classic iD games./Missing some classic modes (as of this review in Early Access) like Capture the Flag, Clan Arena, etc.-Not very friendly to new players. Barely a tutorial, and no single player/bot missions. Don't get this unless you feel like devoting a chunk of practice to learn higher-level mechanics. Great challenge though.There are currently some early access launch issues, but nothing as major as, say, PUBG. If you're wary of early access games, this probably won't change your mind. It's already worth every penny at 30 bones, and I can't wait to see what they update it with."
,Recommended,611500,34427032,Posted: 22 August,all,Bartholomew P. Skibbenheims III,"Have hundreds of hours of play already in this game from being a part of the beta since day 1.  Excellent arena fps and really is Quake at its core.  Despite what many worried this game isn't Overwatch with a Quake theme.  It's Quake first and foremost, with Champions and other things added as the franchise is evolving.The game is currently early access and is certainly not without issues or bugs, but the devs are doing a great job fixing issues and communicating with the community.If you want fast intense competitive arena fps there is nothing better right now!"
76561197970385640,Recommended,611500,34430713,Posted: 22 August,all,Sideways2k,Amazing game! Have been playing since the closed alpha. This is a modern version of Quake 3 Arena and UT99.Must have!
,Recommended,611500,34482260,Posted: 25 August,all,Ignium,"Feels great :) , just make sure your upload speed is good enough"
76561198033439430,Recommended,611500,34440399,Posted: 23 August,all,MASTERMIND,BRUTAL
76561197975779018,Not Recommended,611500,34982512,Posted: 15 September,all,arn,"Long time quaker and love the game, trying sooo hard to like this but can no longer say this is pulling me in for ""just one more game"". gone are the days where you join a server with all the regulars you know & love (&hate) and play map after map and stay on for hours into the early mornings.This is a snooze fest in comparison, you may play 2 or 3 games and you soon lose the pull to click on ""Play Game"" as you keep going to menu after every game, yes there is an option for rematch but so few click rematch that its main menu nearly 98% of the time.What worries me a lot is that nothing is being done on this side of things and i think this is one area which really needs touching on, playing with randoms everygame is boring to say the least, playing with regulars you can chat, talk♥♥♥♥♥♥ know each others strengths/weakness etc. go spec and let a mate in for a map or two whilst you take a break and still chat, talk♥♥♥♥♥♥but its all gone now.There is also zero balancing in this game, no option to vote shuffle, no option to kick players etc. quite often i find 1 leaves and its 4v3 and game wrecked until someone may join with 3 minutes to go and the game is lost.Wish i hadn't purchased to be honest I should have stayed with free play. what do you get for paying anyway, early access to champs that you will earn via free play anyway, and they also want you to grind for ""skins"" wtf!! who really cares about skins ffs.anyway dissapointed 2/10s"
,Recommended,611500,34469426,Posted: 24 August,all,Chris P. Bacon,"Its a great game, fast, brutal and fun, but the netcode is disaster. Like for real. Still i will recommend, but dont treat it like some competitive platform. Just go ffa, or tdm and have fun."
,Not Recommended,611500,35464354,Posted: 3 October,all,|███ twiz ███|,biggest disappointment evercompletely unbalancedweapon dmg makes no sensespawns are worse than q3server are trash and laggyno CTF or instawould request money back as i completely lost interest
,Recommended,611500,35272420,Posted: 28 September,all,squiggs,I LOVE IT.
,Recommended,611500,34472613,Posted: 24 August,all,xCAGED DARKNESSx,people complaining about rockets....missed shots don't count
,Recommended,611500,34494380,Posted: 25 August,all,SHLETZ,This game is the danky.
76561197965855771,Recommended,611500,34532796,Posted: 27 August,all,Ataraxia - I backflip,great game
,Recommended,611500,34453639,Posted: 23 August,all,even more crispy,yes
,Recommended,611500,34508485,Posted: 26 August,all,lucidique,"As of this review, the game has just launched into early access. There are issues, namely the infamous latency tied to your framerate, which creates a delay between the moment you aim and shoot, and the time it takes for the projectiles to actually reach your target.It should have been fixed in beta, it hasn't, it needs fixing. It's bound to get fixed soon.But i have to say that, when things work, when you are face-to-face with a player of similar latency, the game is ridiculously satisfying.The mix of gunplay and level design make for some pretty memorable exchanges between you and your opponent.There is an evident lack of content, however since the beta ended 3 months back, two new champions and two more maps have been introduded. It seems content should come in a timely manner.The game brings in the concept of character-based abilities. These abilities are practical, but not a game changer, meaning they are fun and vary the gameplay, but the core Quake experience is still front and center and still requires you to train, and ultimately ""Git gud"".Being a ""Game-as-a-service"" type platform, the game attemps to make money by selling lootboxes for aestetic items. It works for the most part and the items in question do look pretty good. They don't change the actual game in any way and can still be unlocked with playtime.As for the playerbase peaking at 1,500 : Show me a similar game with more players. Quake has always been, and will always remain a niche series with a loyal following. Frankly, it's a miracle ID Software took that gamble and released a game like this in 2017.This is an easy purchase to recommend to anybody who is still playing Quake Live, anybody who was disapointed by Unreal Tournament 2015 and pretty much anybody enjoying the arena shooter subgenre of games.Cheers!"
76561198022162745,Recommended,611500,34533533,Posted: 27 August,all,nebelwerfer,"The game runs great on 6950X and GTX 1080 TI and well over 200FPS.No issues with network, but it feels like Doom but plays lighter than Doom Multiplayer.Negative feedbacks come from AMD users with their poorly optimized Ryzen processors for gaming and new Vega graphics cards."
76561198026974866,Recommended,611500,34427769,Posted: 22 August,all,saranagati,108 из 10rase and shine
,Recommended,611500,34522221,Posted: 26 August,all,blyatmen,very nice
,Recommended,611500,34519726,Posted: 26 August,all,fFamous#majestic kira style,"goood, goooood :P"
,Recommended,611500,34496084,Posted: 25 August,all,TheRoot,"Highly recommend this game.Mechanics-wise: Shooting, Health, Scoring this is like Doom 2016Controls-wise: It's like Elder Scrolls OnlineHero-system-wise: Think of Overwatch or ParagonMap-wise: Think of Quake 3 and Doom 2016Very Zenimax and Bethesda I like it."
76561198089651372,Recommended,611500,34560757,Posted: 28 August,all,Cpt.Buttlick,Yes this game is beast! Quake is back and how !Better get this game.1 con is that the hit detection is not optimized right now10/10 for me !
76561198101120800,Recommended,611500,34442631,Posted: 23 August,all,One of Hypershadic's avatars,"Great game, can't wait to play more. I would recommend to anyone with minimum specs and decent internet speed and bandwidth. HOWEVER, there are still many bugs, performance issues and other issues, but keeping in mind that this is EARLY ACCESS I am prepared to deal with stuff like this. My advice for now is to wait until at least next patch, as brand new updates contain new bugs that are usually fixed as soon as possible.Still it's great fun, it's competetive and IT'S QUAKE. Keep up the good work ID software and Saber can't wait for the finished polished product8.5/10 for current update[Edit] DO NOT PLAY IF YOU EXPECT INSTANT GRATIFICATION, FIXES AND SKILL WILL COME IN TIME, RESEARCH BASIC MOVEMENT AND TACTICS FIRST! BUY THIS GAME FOR THE LONG RUN! That being said can't wait to frag with you, see you in the Arena!"
76561198025095893,Recommended,611500,34792116,Posted: 7 September,all,Chris Rude,"This is Quake! For true FPS PC gamers this is probably the best thing that has happened in over a decade. It's hard as nails to get into, you will get owned, in some respects it's a lot like Dark Souls ... you will die a lot, you will fail a lot, you will learn and improve with each match, slowly you will start flying round the map and at some point you will enter ""quake mode"" when you basically just flow with the game and frag like you're on auto aim, but better ... anyway I digress.If you like hard games, if you like skill based shooters, if you like to have the feeling that you can do better with each match, if you don't mind never winning a game ... this is for you.Be warned there are A) quake vets that are meta human and will own you every single time B) there are cheaters with aim bots (fact), if you're on top of your game it doesn't matter, because you'll frag them just like Neo whooped Agent Smith in Matrix :D ... but if you're not Neo yet the cheaters will own you as well.And there are lag issues, that can make you miss a shotgun blast to the face ... so if you think you unexpectedly sucked and underperformed, chances are it was lag / aimbot duches / a quake vet that blasts everything like he's on crack ...Despite all of that it's easiely the best new FPS out there and there is nothing that I can see coming close!Would get owned again ! 11/10"
,Recommended,611500,34660764,Posted: 1 September,all,Avakos,"A modern interpretation of the Quake formula, that is staying true to its roots."
,Recommended,611500,34802029,Posted: 7 September,all,cuck fops,god has abandoned us
,Recommended,611500,35071240,Posted: 19 September,all,Mom Butts,"Only recommending because Nyx is pretty hot.Other than that, the game is unbalanced and needs a lot of fixing before release."
76561197960323607,Recommended,611500,34460517,Posted: 24 August,all,Oostblokknaller,"Extremely fast and satisfying gameplay. Expect to be killed a lot at first, though you will also hit sick highlight reel shots yourself fairly regularly. Provides a genuine sense of mastery few games provide nowadays. Put in a 100 hours practice  and you'll be zipping through  the maps  hitting  midair rockets like it's nothing. Netcode isn't quite there yet and the game needs to be restarted every 5/6 games in my experience to keep the fluidity of the gameplay. Apart from those issues the core of the gameplay is rock solid and I find it hard to play other shooters now because they feel slow and sluggish in comparison to quake."
76561198000496171,Recommended,611500,34791801,Posted: 7 September,all,hUnger,Need some help with this please?I have 2 1080tis Seahawk Ek xI9 7900 cpu64gb of 3200mhz ramAnd I'm struggling to get 50-60fps on ultra and even if I put everything to low I'm barely scrapping 100fps?Any advice?
,Recommended,611500,34825792,Posted: 8 September,all,hunapu,It's Quake at its core with some new stuff thrown in. Fast and smooth on my outdated system. The matchmaking is slow and there isn't a rocket arena style game yet - as an old RA3 player that's crucial to the future of this for me - but fun so far.
76561198062716482,Recommended,611500,35232810,Posted: 26 September,all,Medium Bot,"Too buggy and unbalanced to warrant a purchase right now, wait for a patch before considering."
,Not Recommended,611500,34790321,Posted: 7 September,all,Smokin' Joe,"This game sucks. It is Quake in name only. This has nothing in common with id Software classics like Doom and Wolfenstein, or the most recent reincarnations of those franchises. Graphics are terrible. It is glitchy, frustrating, and unfair. I got one shotted with full health and full armor. I do more than enough damage to kill, yet they don't die. I can do math: 8 x 20 equals 160, right? So a champion who just spawned with 100 health and 25 armor should die from that, right? It plays a sound and shows damage numbers when you hit them. Maybe the damage isn't actually going through? I got matched up against players who were 20+ levels higher than me and they literally did circles around me. They even walked right through me. Weapons aren't balanced, champions aren't balanced. Only 2 maps?!This is definitely early access. It needs so much more work before I would consider it marketable. They have no right to be charging money for it in its current state.Before you say, ""Well, maybe you just suck?"", I will say that I have 20+ years of experience playing competitive multiplayer first person shooters, including Doom, Wolfenstein, Hexen, Goldeneye, Perfect Dark, Turok, Unreal Tournament, Call of Duty, Titanfall, Battlefield, and Halo. You name it, I've played it. I don't always get MVP, but I never come in last place."
76561198012373882,Recommended,611500,35396573,Posted: 1 October,all,\/,Enlarge the hitboxs!!!!!!!!!!!Make the game about positioning and pick up control not precision aiming.
,Recommended,611500,34477711,Posted: 25 August,all,gay ass,hate doom guy
,Recommended,611500,34475141,Posted: 24 August,all,ALPHATT,"Great pace, quality visuals, theres some rough beta stuff. the champion stuff adds nice flair, but its not even close to Overwatch in any shape or form, which is almost a MOBA. Here it adds slight variance, and while some are a bit more OP, all are viable and the game is mostly about gunplay.I live in central europe, so matchmaking for me was fast, almost any time of the day. But I suspect this is a hotspot of activity, because i read a lot about slow ques. The games population is not that high, and more popular on some parts of the world, so be aware of that."
,Recommended,611500,34475464,Posted: 25 August,all,Ａｃｉｄ Ｅｆｆｌｕｘ,"Gameplay and concept is magnifcent. There's a few bugs that need to be fixed, like memory leaks, framerate issues, and netcode issues. Microtransactions are entirely cosmetic, and everything you can buy you can get for free with luck.Wish there was a level by level single player like the original Quake, though. The tutorial is a minor taste of what it could be like."
,Recommended,611500,34810154,Posted: 8 September,all,BOT demon,Fun.
,Recommended,611500,34982560,Posted: 15 September,all,Boo Kirby ,"It's quite fun, But there really need to be some bugs ironed out."
,Recommended,611500,34506905,Posted: 26 August,all,Solaire of Astora,"It's Quake... nothing more, nothing less to say! Glad to see oldskool games like Doom, Quake and soon a new Unreal Tournament appear back in action."
,Recommended,611500,34762820,Posted: 5 September,all,1R15H,"1. Low player base2. Terrible game matching... In one team may be 4 players with lvl 2-10, in second team - all players 20+3. Client crashing - 4-5 times in two days4. Cheaters - aimbot (some players kills you with minigun in seconds, no matter how you move)Anyway, I'm hoping that everything will be better!"
,Recommended,611500,34819326,Posted: 8 September,all,Protector,"Great arena FPS. Fun, fast and action packed."
76561197971668727,Not Recommended,611500,34725196,Posted: 3 September,all,insiii <3 thc,"I like the game,its quake like we all like it ( no classic mode sucks ) !!! BUT !!!  If there wouldnt be this ♥♥♥♥ed up netcode with rubberbanding/lagspiking/no rocket hitreg i would recommend this game."
76561197990785685,Not Recommended,611500,35311422,Posted: 29 September,all,MattSch21,Can't login to server half the time. If i keep tryiong it lets me... Choose region screen that you can't even interact with? Awful netcode for a muiltiplayer only game. not ok
,Recommended,611500,34431547,Posted: 22 August,all,Shugga,BOW TO THE KING... QUAKE !
76561198064003168,Not Recommended,611500,35014564,Posted: 16 September,all,Mamen,Horrible hitboxes and even worse match making. Im only rank 2 but im up against a full team of rank 30+ people whove been playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥for years? Not to mention doing 2 damage with a rocket that hits right next to them lmao
,Recommended,611500,34479520,Posted: 25 August,all,Funaz,pros:- Quake- Fast- GoreCons- wtf is the BFG?!?!?!?!?!- limit to 8 people in deathmatch (I miss the chaos of 50 or more people in orginal Quake III)
,Recommended,611500,34487880,Posted: 25 August,all,player barney,"Plays just as I remember Quake Arena with revamped textures and new game mechanics. Though there are some issues, it's still in early access and will be polished, so make sure to pick it up before the 25% deal goes away.Just so you know, this is not ordinary shooter, it takes skill to be really good at this game. So if you don't like competetive games, this is not for you. But if you do, and are a fan of arena shooters, this is the son of one of the greatest arena games ever made."
76561198131353471,Recommended,611500,34719509,Posted: 3 September,all,dusty cheese,its a great arena shooter
,Recommended,611500,34762126,Posted: 5 September,all,fcrone,"Amazing game, full of pace, speed and frags!for the moment, in early access, I have to admit that the skill ceiling is quite high, but this will be more even when new players come by, try (and enjoy for sure) this game.New champions, maps and game mode (hopefully CTF) are about to be implemented, and this will make the game even more fantastic!The graphics are really amazing, the ambient is like no other fps game... the first real arena shooter is back! let's enjoy it!"
76561198039675476,Recommended,611500,35480003,Posted: 4 October,all,G-MAN,Come out and play!
76561198078982231,Recommended,611500,34506444,Posted: 26 August,all,Yaw,Pure Quake 3 experience
76561197997089521,Recommended,611500,34641743,Posted: 31 August,all,#DWB#Diamond Says,"Just fantastic, i been waiting a long time for a game like this! everything from the grafics to the gameplay is super awsome!Its fast paced and you just have to get it!TOO SWEET!"
76561198055363749,Recommended,611500,34836341,Posted: 9 September,all,WolfRamm,Like it.
76561198009304199,Recommended,611500,34945458,Posted: 14 September,all,AQuakeChampion,Tbh Git Gud
76561197979745567,Recommended,611500,34480456,Posted: 25 August,all,Rugge1906,"Didn't suck so hard at a videogame since my very first online experience playing Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast, stealing my parents 56k connection when they were sleepingRequires a lot of time to practise, in 1 hour i cant count the times I died, but i can count the times i fragged someone: 2Maybe something has to be done to balance the champions a little bit, but its just my first hour impression.Game runs perfectly smooth and I definitely don't own the most expensive PC in the world, and a gaming one neither.Quality purchase, would buy again"
,Recommended,611500,34481653,Posted: 25 August,all,i Okly play thsi game drunk,Feels amazing just like old quake except with some minor new changes like character abilities that don't affect the game too much but add a new level to the gameplay. 9/10 netcode needs some work but we will see improvement overtime.
76561198215535279,Recommended,611500,35436156,Posted: 2 October,all,PR3DATOR,"To start, i think the game has the chance to bring the arena shooter back from the grave to the mainstream. The maps are awesome and i love the champion system where the heros contribute to the game play and don't overshadow it. I've played mostly call of duty style shooters for years, and like many, havnt touched a arena shooter since the era of dreamcast. The graphics and sound are awesome. I have noticed in alot of other reviews that netcode has been an issue. after about 16 hours of game play, at this time, i havnt noticed any issues with it. Where i do find i have issues is with the lack of a match making system. The game doesnt match you with players around your level or experiance. its not uncommon for you to be with 3 other players around lvl 12, and the opposite team being stacked with players around lvl 30ish. This in its self makes the game inaccessable to many many people. I understand the hardcore mentality Quake players tend to have. But getting blown up by players with 4 times your experiance over and over doesnt do much to teach you the game. Everyone has fun winning once and awhile, but be prepared to lose, alot. With that being said, the game has a steep learning curve. But after investing some time into it, it does make for a great fps. It's hard for me to not hit the ""do not recommend"" button. But i do have a blast playing it. I suggest buying the champion pack to flesh out your experiance. I absolutly hate micro transactions in games, and in my opinion they typically ruin most games unless you spend a ton of money. DON'T WORRY, the micro transactions are cosmetic only, and you can earn all the Cosmetic items through chest you get by playing."
76561198073558813,Recommended,611500,34451052,Posted: 23 August,all,GonzoHerbz,"I'm in Australia and got a game within 45 seconds, first try.  No issues since.  That being the case, I don't think the Steam numbers are representative of the overall playerbase including through the Bethesda site.  There is clearly a playerbase.The game itself is top notch, I'm extremely impressed!  If you like shooters, give this a go and refund if it's not to your liking.  I cannot recommend this highly enough!Update:After playing for a few hours, the above holds true but I felt the need to write more because there's really something special here so I feel it necessary to do whatever possible to get the people who will enjoy this game to give it a good shot.I'm a noob at this game, just straight up terrible.  My aim is pretty good but my map knowledge is lacking as is my understanding of higher level play.  This is a good thing.  I suck now but I can see the path to improvement and I value the process of getting better at something rather than the immediate gratification of games that employ ""whack-a-mole"" simplicity.I would urge anyone who likes shooters to try this and not expect to rack up kills immediately.  Knowing how to bolster your health, armor and weaponry through pick-ups appears to be key here so there are new skills to learn if you're not a vet of arena shooters.  Youtube is your friend here, study up!As mentioned above, I'm in Australia.  If I can find games with ease, people in the US/EU should be having no issues although this doesn't guarantee no issues.  As Steam users, we're used to judging flops in advance by weak numbers at launch but that logic doesn't sem to apply to this game as the Bethesda users that aren't represented in the Steam numbers appear to be bolstering the numbers as I'm still honestly having no issues finding games here.I'm not an early access kind of guy at all but there are a few games that are clear winners worth backing whilst in EA and this is certainly one of them (I'd include PUBG and Dirt Rally in that group).  The atmosphere, the speed, the fluidity, the graphics, the sound, the map design and the overall game design are really on point.  I was wary of the ""hero"" thing but it actually just seems to add spice to the experience rather than detract from the arena shooter essence.This is damn fine gaming, see for yourself!"
,Not Recommended,611500,34849995,Posted: 9 September,all,sailfish,After spending $30 on this game I would actually like to be able to play!Searching for match....  .... ....  Waited several times for over 5mins. Yet to get into a match.
76561198083046285,Recommended,611500,35087172,Posted: 20 September,all,ScepticalFIN,best game ever made :)
,Recommended,611500,35178847,Posted: 24 September,all,Zed,dab
,Recommended,611500,34449754,Posted: 23 August,all,Viikatemies,"Really solid, the additional champions really adds a lot of interesting ways to play.  Each with varying top speeds from strafe jumping and abilities.  I personally fell in love with this game when they added BJ and Doomguy.  If you decide to wait for the game to be F2P it isn't too hard unlocking all the characters, you could also rent them for 24hrs to see if you like them.  I purchased the game and I say it is worth it for the early access/all champions unlocked (even though I already found my main 3).  Ranger is still a really good all-around character with a pretty cool ability."
76561198136210441,Recommended,611500,34882916,Posted: 11 September,all,Tressybon,"This is not a review as it is in early access.I have never played Quake before but i have played DOOM and Wolfenstein. But some people told me ""Quake is much fatser than DOOM and Wolfenstein""....... i agree. Quake is an raging FPS where if you stop for one moment you will be vaporized. I have enjoyed playing this game as it is a lot of fun and has lots of dark humour from the gore and the characters. I wouldnt listen to the negative comments as they dont clearly see that this is an ealy access and its still in development and it has been in development for years so you got to give some credit to the development team for actually revivng such an old game series and actually successfully selling the game. It defiantly isnt a perfect game as it does have bugs (like i said its in early access). I cant wait for the final product to be released as this game is very enjoyable and such a raging game."
76561197970417132,Recommended,611500,34939688,Posted: 13 September,all,Pinhead,"I had quite a good time with Quake Champions  so far.It is quick and feels like quake. If you know your movement, playing a light champion can be a blast and you chances to kill a tanky guy are quite good. On the other sinde the heavier ones have of course a bigger healthpool and mostly more deadly active abilities, while the lighter ones have more defensive abilities. In my Opinion he champions feel well blanced.If you die i would say it was you own fault and not because you had no chance against that one champion.Strafejumping as well is not totally nesessary, but it really can give you an edge.Graphicswise it looks good, but the way it is with modern looking shooters, you lose a lot of clearity in the visuals. For me, aspecially with the LG,it is quite hard to track an enemy with all the effects flying across your screen (my LG was worlds better in QL).Also there are quite a lot of technical issues , like that annoying memory leak. i hope they get that under control soon. ANd i hope we soon get way more otions for crosshair, small lg beametc etc, while we naturally wont be able to force enemy modelsI am also hoping for some kind of Rocketarena mode...but i am not sure how that could work with the champions thing...but they also created a great duel mode around that feature, so maybe...I hope this becomes a hit, because i think it is the best chance for ""Arena-shooters"" to, at least kind-of, come back into mainstream. And like i said i already had lots of fun, maybe even to much when i look at the time i already spent ind the arenas."
76561197965337252,Recommended,611500,34998554,Posted: 16 September,all,Maynguene Banana,"To preface my short review, I've been a huge fan of the Quake series since Q2 (~1998). If you want to call me a fanboy, that's fine. To the people complaining about the game not being for casual players and having an extremely high skill cap: that's the entire point of this game. Don't play a hardcore FPS then; stick to your normie FPS games like COD or Destiny.In a world where console-based FPS games dominate with incredibly slow movement, large hitboxes, and regenerating health, Quake has always been fast and extremely demanding and that's exactly why it's so refreshing to play.PROS:Graphics and lighting look fantastic (running Ultra settings on everything with my GTX 980 Ti)Sound design and music are greatMechanics of gameplay are great (learning to crouch slide with Slash is  a blast)The Champions' abilities add to the gameplay (and don't retract from it)Considering this is an early release, the Champions are already pretty balancedCONS:No bots (not everyone wants to play with people online)Match making for the early release is terrible; I've seen three 20 and 30-level players get matches on a team against all newbsIt is undeniably Quake, which means it's not easy for people to get intoThis game will still have limited mass appeal because people are soft and impatientFWIW, this game has lived up to my personal expectations and I applaud Bethesda. I can understand why it's so love / hate for people, but it should be pretty obvious what camp I'm in. And with developers like (insert basically all major names here) selling incomplete games at $60 and having the DLCs available at release, I cannot understand how you can think $30 for a game that guarantees access to all Champions, skins, et cetera is unfair."
,Recommended,611500,34521618,Posted: 26 August,all,Nordikki,...
76561197993791428,Recommended,611500,34516813,Posted: 26 August,all,SerialChiller,"Laggy, Laggy, Laggy. good thing its early access. glad they made a new Quake game though."
76561198048951765,Recommended,611500,34517112,Posted: 26 August,all,clean3d,Awesome game. Crappy lags during combat. Hopefully will be fixed for 1.0.
,Recommended,611500,34517151,Posted: 26 August,all,McShooty,endless fun and momentum
,Recommended,611500,34536613,Posted: 27 August,all,silentWil,"Brilliant, the only FPS PC Multiplayer game I play."
,Recommended,611500,34538227,Posted: 27 August,all,NoVem,1v1 Me M8
,Recommended,611500,34554147,Posted: 28 August,all,saNcii,Love this game!
76561198060350756,Recommended,611500,34540331,Posted: 27 August,all,DiskoZado,"hoi. I have a problem and nowere to find the issue on google.I'm running win 10 and yes have a decent pc.When i start to play a black screen is running for 3 sec and then the game shuts down.I unistalled 3 times the game.In properties with the quake icon, i cannot run with another windows( dont have that option) .Is here someone who can help me out?I know this is a review section so i give 10/10 xD"
,Recommended,611500,34472580,Posted: 24 August,all,Ruffle607-BestRhymes2017,It's Quake. Welcome to the Glory Days!
76561198087570794,Recommended,611500,34472667,Posted: 24 August,all,Joke Graveyard,Very fun
,Recommended,611500,34502782,Posted: 26 August,all,Sell3R0yaL,"This is good ol' Quake with modern enhancements. I love it. Sure, a few quirks left but it is surely coming along. Highly recommended to any old Quake players and fast actions seekers."
,Recommended,611500,34499564,Posted: 26 August,all,Daydream,Godd game!
,Recommended,611500,34491924,Posted: 25 August,all,GODSER1.COM,Quake is back!
76561198202077800,Recommended,611500,34492649,Posted: 25 August,all,Grumpyツ,:)
76561198114372508,Recommended,611500,34490789,Posted: 25 August,all,Nightyx,"Good old Quake with some ""new age"" improvments, recomended, now its time to play!"
,Recommended,611500,34492062,Posted: 25 August,all,Butter me up Scotty,fantastic modern take on the ol' quake gameplay
76561197984007528,Recommended,611500,34492644,Posted: 25 August,all,Guts,QUAD DAMAGE!!!!
,Recommended,611500,34452853,Posted: 23 August,all,14/f/cali,"I'd like to see this game grow, but it's still worth the money and time spent even if it doesn't."
,Recommended,611500,34510425,Posted: 26 August,all,Punished Kaz,"Before I get to this review I need to mention that I have never played Quake III or any Quake Multiplayer before. The only time I've played Quake was a demo for Quake II and that was years ago (Back when Steam was just starting to be popular and had the whole green color scheme going on). That being said, I've played other id Software games, I've seen footage of previous Quake games, and I know what a Quake game should be like at the basic level. I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm not an expert on Quake and its style, but I'm not completely new to the experience.tl;dr Version: It's not Quake III 2, this is Quake Champions, and its doing its own, pretty fun, thing.LONG VersionQuake Champions is a fast-paced, arena style, multiplayer shooter from id Software (and Zenimax? I think) and is published by Bethesda Softworks.Players can choose from various champions to play as before and during a match. Each champion has their own little feel to them, which I think may be a reason why people are a bit worried about this game. I think one of the things that made Quake III so popular back then and even somewhat popular today is that it was very simple in the sense that you just run around a map and shoot anything that moves. Sounds kind of familiar right? Like a certain military shooter we all know and ""love"". However, you would be wrong to compare Quake to games like Call of Duty. While at their core, the games are similar (Run around, shoot other players, feel good), they really start to differ because of game mechanics. In Call of Duty you have to think about a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥when playing. What load outs are you going to use, what kind of perks are you going to have, what attachments are right, what wildcards are you going to use, do you even need them, what killstreaks should you set. You have a pretty vast arsenal at your disposel with all sorts of gadgets and do-dads to choose from, and I mean, can you blame them, More is better right? Well if thats the case, then games like Quake certainly have adopted the mindset that ""Less is More"". It's very simple gameplay, pick a character and start killing people. No worrying about loadouts, no worrying about perks, and no worrying about things like stamina. So what makes Quake Champions different? Well, I suppose it is because of the introduction specific character abilities. Each champion has their own Passive and Active ability, making them unique from all the others. For example, B.J. Blazkowicz's passive is that he can regenerate health up to a 25% whlie his active ability is that he can dual wield weapons for a short period. Doom Guy's passive is that he can Double Jump while his active ability is his berserker fists. Nyx's passive is she can jump of walls and her active ability is a phase shift (if you've played Borderlands 1, it is exactly Lilith's skill). So I think people's biggest worry about that the game is that it loses some of its simplicity and a bit of the Quake identity or that because of these character ability it is somewhat unbalanced and that being a good player is no longer reliant on whether you're a good shot or not. Well after playing for a bit I think I can safely say that the core gameplay of Quake is still intact. The abilities don't really give you an edge persay. One character's abilities do not make them amazingly better than another character. The game is still very much about how well can you shoot the crap out of the other guy. So it isn't like Overwatch for example, where using an ability can suddenly change the tide of a battle.With that in mind, how is the shooting? Well, the shooting is good. that's pretty much all there is to it. If you've played  other arena shooters, all I can say is that the shooting is correct. If you're not familiar with arena shooters than you may need to adjust yourself before you can get good at this game.One thing that I really enjoy about this game is the customization. There are a lot of different customization options for each character (When I say a lot I mean it in the sense like.. ok, so in terms of appearence Overwatch just lets you choose what your character will wear as a whole, in Quake it's divided into Head, Torso, Legs, and Vanity). What I love especially about this is that a lot of these customization options are throwbacks to previous games in id's catalog. For example Doom guy has armor sets that mimic his armor from Quake III and the Original Doom games. He's even got an armor set that gives you the Doom Marine's appearnce from Doom 3. And here I thought id Software had forgotten about that guy. Character appearence isn't the only thing that you can customize, you can also change weapon appearence as well. We saw this in Doom (2016) where you could change the color scheme and apply dirt and rust to weapons, and that was all fine and dandy, but id software has taken it a step further and has added complete model changes to the game. For example, if you don't like the look of the standard Super shotgun, you can change it to Doom 2's super shotgun if you have it unlocked, WHICH IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME (sorry, I'm a huge Doom fan). Many of the other weapon changes are again throwbacks to previous id software titles such as Quake 2's (i think its Quake 2) Railgun, complete with blue coiled beam and the Original rocket launcher from Quake 1. Most of these customization items can be unlocked from loot boxes (I know, I know, we're all probably sick of loot boxes, but you can earn them for free by leveling up and completing challenges in the game). There are some customization options that require you to complete special tasks called ""Rune Challenges"" which require usually just require you to do something in the game a certain number of times. So far I've only seen rune challenges payout color schemes, so I don't know if there is other stuff unlocked by completing them. Another way to unlock some armor sets is by collecting ""Lore Scrolls"" at the start of every match a Lore scroll will be placed in one of the breakable vases around the map. All you have to do to pick it up is run into the vase. Each champion has a certain number of lore scrolls that give details of their backstory. Lore scrolls are random so if you pick one up, it won't necessarily be for the character you're play as, but if you collect enough lore scrolls for a certain character you'll unlock a ""Legendary"" armor set for them, like Doom Guy's original armor that I mentioned earlier. If you care about collecting them, it can make the start of every match very hectic as you go into a mad dash to find the scroll, running into vases like an idiot.""The graphics, that's what this is really all about"" - Jerry Rice ft. VideogameDunkusThe graphics are actually very beautiful, which is a weird word to use when describing a game where you'll be turning your enemies into a fine red paste. I can't remember if this is true but I think id software said that Quake wouldn't be using id Tech 5? Maybe I'm wrong, but in any case the game still looks good and it is even somewhat optimized. I'm running the game on a y510p from Lenovo, GT 755M (2 GB), Intel i7-4700MQ 2.4GHz, 8 GB of RAM. I am pretty much at the minimal required specs for this game. I can run it at 1920x1080 with resolution set to 70%, and most things set to medium (expect for Lighting, Anti-Aliasing, and I think shadows) and well.. honestly for me the game still looks really good. And yes, I do get 60 FPS.Conclusion: It good.. seriously though, Its a really fun game with nice mechanics that don't hinder the experience of Quake, but rather it enhances it in some ways. If you're worried about the whole ""Netcode"" issue that you may have read in other reviews, all I can say is that i've only experienced it a couple of times, but this may be one of those problems that is different for every so i don't know. Other than that its a pretty solid game, pay $30 if you want or wait for it to go F2P if you're still not convinced."
76561198741099106,Recommended,611500,34508172,Posted: 26 August,all,SJ79,Great game!
,Recommended,611500,34508239,Posted: 26 August,all,hatz,"Oh damn, brings back the memories!Looking forward to the new maps, modes and more players!"
,Recommended,611500,34443867,Posted: 23 August,all,MaxAV,"Well that's Quake with a new engine... and champions.Much has to be improved but well... that's early access.If you are old school you will surely prefer Quake Live or any Quake in the series, and you don't need to read these lines cause your opinion is already made but if you are new to Quake you should try this one.ID tried to bring something new with the abilities.Let's see what this title will become."
76561198026416717,Recommended,611500,34443557,Posted: 23 August,all,☭ Dagonner  ___¸.•'¯),"I was a closed beta tester with around 150 haur + gameplay , as soon as it hits the steam , i didint hesitate a bit .If u like old quake games , this game is a masterpiece , if u are new to quake , this game is a masterpiece ."
,Recommended,611500,34443758,Posted: 23 August,all,Dippy,Thank U
76561198339817048,Recommended,611500,34443830,Posted: 23 August,all,borzou.alipour,"Frag after frag after frag. Fast, precise, and fun. This is the most fun I have had with a video game in a long time. QC gets your blood pumping like a shot of adrenaline.  The maps are beautiful, the weapons feel great, and the champions are badass; moving around the map with anarki and slash just feels amazing! Overall the game is super fun to play, especially with friends.  It still requires more work on the netcode side. So far, ID has been listening very closely to the feedback from the community and I hope they keep it up!"
76561198126146856,Recommended,611500,34463280,Posted: 24 August,all,Mummelpuffin,"Just for a seprate opinion, I've only experienced the netcode issues people describe once. I have more hours than Steam says as I played the Beta before the Steam release.If you're afraid to buy because you've seen some god-teir players and know you can't live up to that, here's the deal: you probably won't see people *that* awesome, and even if you do, it shouldn't hamper your experience much unless you're playing Duel.Like every previous multiplayer Quake, this is an arena shooter, and as much as you might hate the idea of ""champions"" tainting your ""pure arena shooter"" bliss, this game has a greater chance of revitalizing the genre than any other title around, and we need to support it if we want this sort of thing back."
,Recommended,611500,34637604,Posted: 31 August,all,MikeThyson-[NW]-,"Bought QuakeChampionship on Steam because I'd rather buy it on steam than any other plathform. .That said a side I played since the first wave of Closed BETA.This is a mordern version of Quake III Arena if it was done today. Major diffenrce between the two is now the champions have their own Stats, Passives and Cosmetics.//NOTE:Free2Play;Playable after ""Early Access""this version you'll need to ; buy champions (roster) with real life money via microtransaction or rent a champion (roster) for 24h with currency earned in gameBuy Quake Champions - Champions Pack;if you want to play the game now via ""Early Access Game"";gain access to all current and future Champions (see this as buy the paid version of the game)blame Bethesda Softworks for this setup"
76561198001711759,Recommended,611500,34693123,Posted: 2 September,all,megamansam,"Haven't played the game too much at this point, and I gotta say, what I have played is really fun. I'd recommend it if you're into these types of games, or even if you just enjoyed DOOM or Wolfenstein.But what's the deal with all of these stupidly confusing, over-produced, nonsensical menus in every Bethesda-published game? DOOM and Wolfenstein: New Order were great games and had the same problem. It's a game about running around and shooting people at high speeds, but the menus are designed as if its a story-based RPG. Absurdly text-heavy, too many pointless unlockables, and so over-stylized (and yet somehow devoid of any real character) that its tough to parse any of it as actual information related to anything that happens in-game....But oh man, once you (find and) hit that ""PLAY"" button, you're in for a good time. Just ignore all the undescribed symbols that pop up as medals at the end of the game."
,Recommended,611500,34693672,Posted: 2 September,all,pRoFaN,"If you have comptetive spirit - wich means you not getting discouraged  from total stomp by oldschool player.You'll die ALOT, just focus on improovment. Igonre score number, accuracy % and all that.Eventually you'll get there!"
,Recommended,611500,34763837,Posted: 5 September,all,floog,GOOD I LIKE
,Recommended,611500,34769368,Posted: 5 September,all,DarthVader,Лучший ураганный мультиплеер после Ку3. Ну и во все это можно зарубиться за Бласко.
76561197968106249,Recommended,611500,34645035,Posted: 31 August,all,Halfwit,Game play smooth .. solid game no major preformance issues..Gameplay: Feels like a step back in time for me it was just ok nothing new even the maps feel the same as they did years ago.Only thing new is they took a page from Over Watch . so you buy the game than you can buy or get boxes to give you costumes and what not.Feels more like a money grab than something that makes the game more fun..If you have enjoyed Quake over the years this game will be a welcome change for you toons with different racial  bonuses..Boxes with add on items..Same ol same ol quake feel..populated game  still new at this point..Little to no hacking yetIf not a huge fan I say pick it up on sale.
,Recommended,611500,34761641,Posted: 5 September,all,powersthatb,"I've only played for a short time but man is this game a breath of fresh air. I must say being a quake and for the most part an arena shooter virgin that I cannot wait to see the progress that this game makes in the near future. I've been itching for a frag fest type game and the feeling of slaughtering player after player with the rockets gives me a nostalgic feeling of playing Halo, along with other aspects of this game. I know the two games are different animals but none the less. If you like explosions, Halo style fps on meth, this game is for you. I'm kicking myself for being almost 20 years late to this glorious frag fest.10/10 would pay triple A price.Note: I know I mention halo alot but that is the only game that I can even begin to compare this master piece to."
,Recommended,611500,34694008,Posted: 2 September,all,Unhek,great
,Recommended,611500,34761268,Posted: 5 September,all,Chef Boyardee,"Quake is back. I was very skeptical about the champions, and when I played it, I love them. They are all really well balanced, and it is super fun. All are well balanced, usable, and one is not better than the other. My personal favorite is Doom Slayer so far, with double jumping and a good mix of health and speed. My only complaint is the lack of bots currently. Hopefully they add them because playing with bots is some of  the most fun I had in previous quakes, and are a good way of practicing with champions. Bots arent too popular now a days, but hopefully they come back, as I miss them."
,Recommended,611500,34763946,Posted: 5 September,all,mackan0403,"That beautiful moment when someone thinks you got aimbot and asks everyone on the server to report you, then leaves the server due to high levels of salt.10/10 Would create salt again"
76561198010363782,Recommended,611500,34654785,Posted: 1 September,all,Skribb,You play as an hungover lizard lady puking on blue haired feminists.Sure the connection issues might be a bit dicey but shooting someone in mid air with a rocket launcher is still the coolest thing ever!
76561198033844010,Recommended,611500,34659136,Posted: 1 September,all,pantherdre,"Quake Champions is a very beautiful game that really brings back the nostalgia of Arena.The game runs incredibly smooth on my rig with max settings.  So far there are no artifacts or rendering anomalies during gameplay.That being said the game seems to be having serious issues with Hit Detection and damage calculation.I am having a really hard time wrapping my head around the fact that the game only counts one out of every five to seven shots or that someone getting hit for totals of 70-100 dmg per hit never die.Since this is early access, I will not hold these issues completely against the deves.  Hopefully these can be resolved in the near future so that the game will be infinitely more enjoyable.Since the Champions were included in the game I found that the 30€ was worth the asking price.  Hopefully the devs will continue to improve this diamond in the rough."
,Recommended,611500,35390107,Posted: 1 October,all,laivu6,"It's quite fast in play, it's brutal, it's buggy (still) and it's fun. 3 out of 4 these points I like, so for me it's a good game, money well spent."
76561198043442807,Recommended,611500,34438958,Posted: 23 August,all,Tickleschitz,EXCELLENT.
,Recommended,611500,34449180,Posted: 23 August,all,turboswag,"A top notch AAA arena shooter and true successor to Quake 3 Arena.  Perfect in nearly every way. Its fast, intense and feels like a modern Quake game should.  Thanks for getting it right."
76561198050496922,Recommended,611500,34461302,Posted: 24 August,all,.420 | AMON,-=]QUAKE IS BACK[=-
76561198001722354,Recommended,611500,34787133,Posted: 6 September,all,TeachersPet,"Only few hours into this game and I have to say, its just really good game. Like always Quake delivers!"
,Recommended,611500,34890873,Posted: 11 September,all,advanced hexafluorides for kids,They made a video game which is weird. I was expecting some kind of weird trash.
,Recommended,611500,34438762,Posted: 23 August,all,Spc,"Amazing new Quake, i like it alot, however early access still has some bugs and problems with servers."
76561198215193697,Recommended,611500,34440396,Posted: 23 August,all,KotschmeißenderPrimat,Best game ever!
76561198071364590,Recommended,611500,34807172,Posted: 7 September,all,reydar117,"The game still has a lot of work for the year to come but it is really fun, oh and if someone has a code for the Nyx ruby skin to spare pls gimme (i really want that ♥♥♥♥in skin!!), you will have all of my gratitude and appreciation =D"
76561198072244649,Recommended,611500,34851727,Posted: 9 September,all,Soulblighter,"A breath of fresh air in the FPS genre , the legendary franchise returns with a fresh new paint job and mechanics. Veterans will love it  new players will learn to love it because there is nothing quite like it at the moment. While there are some issues most of them are expected for a early access game  and will be fixed no doubt ( net code , memory leaks and hitreg).  The combat is visceral and fast paced truly something that was missing in modern shooters."
76561197995810856,Recommended,611500,34963181,Posted: 14 September,all,CaptainPlanetHD,This is a great fps if you are not familiar with quake this would be the perfect oppurtunity to start playing a real solid fps.
76561198203965288,Recommended,611500,35460487,Posted: 3 October,all,22 DeathGrip,"Product is still in ALPHA. Game critical code, such as hit detection and network code is being re-written. There are major game stoping bugs. This will likely change with October update. Will update then.The game itself? Just awesome. Quake is so old, that's its new again. With Champions thrown into the mix, it makes for a game that's unlike anything else.EDIT:Unfortunetly, they are currently forcing Bloom which looks like Garbage.https://cdn03.bethesda.net/forum/uploads/68292ac0-3dc3-42ec-914f-6e596cd9c31c.jpg"
,Recommended,611500,34427839,Posted: 22 August,all,DrPhilly,"Great game. Great optimization. Good incentive to play (lvling, skins, runes, lots of steam achievements). High skill ceiling. F2P (at launch and through bethesda launcher). Low character influence (compared to current hero influence in games like lawbreakers/overwatch/etc). What more could you ask for in an arena fps?"
76561198186393618,Recommended,611500,34482217,Posted: 25 August,all,buypolar pop,"Game isn't that hard so stop listening to people say it's this hard@$$ game and blahh blahh just play it, learn it and you'll be Ight. Worth a buy and smoke one up and rocket you self sky high. Good fraggin"
76561198171940850,Recommended,611500,34853154,Posted: 9 September,all,gatorseat,Im new to quake and even tho i suck♥♥♥♥♥im addicted started during the beta period and i love this game.
76561198063142158,Recommended,611500,34854142,Posted: 9 September,all,clonevacuum,Welp now I love quake
76561198056447918,Recommended,611500,34911503,Posted: 12 September,all,I CANT TAKE ANYMORE I HAVE A GUN,Rootie-Tootie-Point n' Shootie: Champions
76561198054928556,Recommended,611500,34425898,Posted: 22 August,all,ap4rt_,"I loved to play Quake III Arena when i was younger, now i am very happy that QUAKE IS BACK !It gives you a classic Quake gameplay experience with some kind of modern features.I LIKE IT !But if you are new to Quake, dont get frustrated to early if you get rekt several times.It takes some time to get in the game."
76561198413319106,Recommended,611500,34427988,Posted: 22 August,all,Yog Sothoth,"The game all fans of old-school FPS arena shooters have been waiting for, updated for the new era yet still true to the values that made the original Quake games great. The addition of character classes adds another layer of sophistication, but it is still an arena shooter at heart - and all the better for it. May seem difficult at first, but extremely rewarding - a truly skill-based game where you always have a lot to learn and many new things to discover. Its main forte is the ultra-fast, kinetic combat and extremely rewarding movement mechanics. Add to this the excellent production design with Lovecraftian themes and awesome graphics and you definitely have a winner - a game that you'll never regret spending money on. I feel reassured since I have enjoyed the previous Quakes - Q1 and Q2 in particular - as well as the beta version of the game itself and believe me, it is definitely worth it. Let the fragging begin!"
,Recommended,611500,34429166,Posted: 22 August,all,UNBREAKABLE,"I was part of the first beta, don't let my hours on Steam decieve.It plays very similar to Quake III Arena. Champion aspect doesn't impact the game as much as you think, so don't listen to those saying it's a cash grab ripping off Overwatch. You'll have to buy champions, rent them with in-game points, or unbox them, but to be completely honest, the default Ranger is one of the best champions and will easily let you compete against everyone else if you're already good at arena shooters. The other champions are cool and have nice features to them that let you change your playstyle, but their overall impact on the game is minimal. Even with the champ pack I couldn't be bothered to switch off Ranger.It is however riddled with netcode issues due to being in early access that I expect will be fixed, but the important part is that there is a Quake game here. If you don't want to deal with the bugs, let the beta testers handle it and get the game once it goes F2P on release."
76561197962162004,Recommended,611500,34450384,Posted: 23 August,all,Eyerate,"Many think arena shooters are dead, but there is a very rabid group hungry for new takes on the classic genre. Quake Champions has managed to keep some of the quintesential things that make a Quake game Quake, while still bringing it into the modern era. Many Quake vets will complain there is no CTF, abilities don't belong, etc. etc (basically that it is not a re skin of Quake Live). But to bring in a new audience that isn't 30 years old + you need to make changes.Are there issues with the game, yes (as with any early access game). Are these issues that can be easily fixed, yes (a number of community complaints during the beta have already been addressed). The devs are on the right track when it comes to fixing the important things (next big thing on the list needs to be no reg rockets). They don't wait months to make balance changes (Clutch didn't stay OP for too long, Galena was buffed quickly) and they certainly listen to the community (can find the head develepor SyncError in a number of Quake streams fairly often answering questions).Will the game find an audeince like Overwatch, no. Will it satiate the appetite of long time Quake fans, hopefully. Does it appeal to fps veterans who never played a Quake game (like me), hell yes. Have enjoyed every minute of the 50+ hours I have already put into the Beta and EA versions of the game.If you are skeptical, wait for the F2P release (the business plan is great in my opinion, can buy all future content at a decent price or earn/rent champs with in game currency on the F2P model). This is a game/genre for people who want to get better. If you go in blind you'll get destroyed, but you will learn a lot in a short period of time. This is my first Quake game, the learning curve is intense, but satisfying (learning to use RMB to jump was a huge ordeal on its own). Watch someone stream the game (learned a lot from watching Rapha), learn how to circle jump, strafe jump, air control, switch quickly between weapons, etc.One thing I found disappointing is that some of the current cosmetics are locked from in game currency (ie Doomslayer backpack) which I am not a fan of. Also do not think the prices on weapon skins are very fair when it comes to real world currency (luckily those you can earn in game). But that is just my opinion.There are some other issues with netcode, framerate being tied to your upload rate, etc. But I believe all of these will be fixed during EA (check out Battle Nonsenses netcode analysis on YouTube if you're curious, he does good work for fps games). They do not hurt my overall experience though (especially compared to early beta, it is magnitudes better)So far the game is amazing, and I hope EA gives the devs a chance to perfect the few issues still in the game. Can't wait for QuakeCon this weekend."
76561198402855913,Recommended,611500,34696757,Posted: 2 September,all,ed.tapia.escobar,Good stuff so far looking foward for what this game could become so far its everything you want in a Quake game with latest graphics and runs smooth as hell on my laptop if you like Unreal / Quake type games you gonna like this .
,Recommended,611500,34427979,Posted: 22 August,all,HuskerDylan,"Incredible game! I have been playing Quake since I was a little kid and Quake Champions is BY FAR the best yet! I highly recommend buying the Champions Pack as it comes packed with all the champions and you will also get future champions. This game has incredible graphics! Also it has the same physics and the smooth movement I have been accustomed to from Quake 3 and Quake Live. The maps are highly detailed! They did a great job with keeping the bar set high with movement and playability, but also by giving Quake a facelift and allowing the power of your video card to really shine! I highly recommend!!!"
76561198057623472,Recommended,611500,34429898,Posted: 22 August,all,Rick Sanchez,Quake is back.
,Recommended,611500,34888919,Posted: 11 September,all,Sionten,Worth the money find it quite fun but the netcode needs work
,Recommended,611500,35507616,Posted: 5 October,all,looking for small dads,"It's still in beta but damn is it fun. Lots of bugs and balance issues but nothing too abhorrent, it's a solid game that is only going to get better. Be sure to be good at Quake though or else you're going to have a terrible time, look up strafejumping and rocket jumping and power up time management guides and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rocket Jump Ninja is a good channel to see that stuff. Definitely recommend but know what you're getting into, look up gameplay and check out the most recent patch notes. Also ♥♥♥♥ Sorlag and the Lightning Gun."
76561198079502094,Recommended,611500,34428013,Posted: 22 August,all,The Dude,This game is so much fun. I've been waiting for a fast paced game and this is it. Its worth it.
76561197975273857,Recommended,611500,34461453,Posted: 24 August,all,QKiller,Super Deathmatch gaming! Gibbed till dusk! Love the new DoomSlayer! Played the beta all summer! Thank you Bethesda! Thank you Id for creating the deathmatch frenzy back in the day. Worth every penny to me. Get your Gib on Steam players!
76561198075989571,Recommended,611500,35437616,Posted: 2 October,all,У них нет мозга!,10/10
,Recommended,611500,34486700,Posted: 25 August,all,John Henry Eden,"Quake champions is about dying. A LOT.This doesn't make the game any less fun though. Honestly it's what I enjoy.Iv'e been playing since the very first closed tests and I've come a long way. By dying and learning how better people play you get better. You will slowly start seeing yourself move up from last every time, from dying more than you kill to killing more than you die.You feel the progression and thats rewarding in itself. If you have played quake multiplayer before this than you know whats in store. The champions just give you different playstyles and you will probably fall into one.I would deffinitely recommend this to ANYONE."
76561197981643926,Recommended,611500,34768641,Posted: 5 September,all,Shuklack,"It's Quake.  It's fast paced carnage.  Classes are decently well balanced with a notable exception.  Some guns need to be tweaked to make them more useful. With current limited matchmaking, it's very challenging.  I pretty consistently score among the top in public matches - but not here.   Very fun when skill is even, though.  I'm improving some after some sensitivity tweaks and better learning the maps... but sometimes I swear it's like I'm fighting some raging methheads.Graphics are nice, good and violent (but often hardly noticeable due to the pace).  The dark Lovecraftian theme is fantastic.  Some perplexing netcode issues as people mention.  For me the biggest annoyance is limited matchmaking and wait times - it can take 3-5 minutes to match for a Sacrifice mode.  Matching TD is only a minute or so, but then another wait in lobby, then another wait for warmup. It wouldn't be so bad if I didnt get stuck in rematching. Also there is performance degredation over time... after an hour or two my fps says it's good but I get noticeably choppy."
76561197997746064,Recommended,611500,35477265,Posted: 4 October,all,MAZAK13,Fast Pure Skill
76561197980017270,Recommended,611500,34437914,Posted: 23 August,all,Evman,"Old school shooter vibes at their finest.It's fast, it's brutal, it's unforgiving, it's Quake!The character abilities mix things up withing feeling overdone. The balance will be fine tuned in time I'm sure, but I like where this is going!"
,Recommended,611500,34425883,Posted: 22 August,all,OneLastShot,"Played the Alpha for months and months, the game is amazing, if you are used to Quake games from the past you will have to get used to a lot of things that changed I can not say its better or worse, its different but it still feels a lot like Quake.I find this importand to know, the game is very very well done, but don't go in there with the feeling its going to be exectly like Quake III/Live.Play with an open mind and you will like it :)"
,Recommended,611500,34427289,Posted: 22 August,all,v1gjA,"This is a game for the veteran FPS players, if you've been playing games like CS:GO or any game from the COD series you will not be welcomed home here, unless you really really REALLY want to learn how to play the game then it's a fun experience. but if you're someone who's been playing Quake or any other Arena FPS for years this is it for you. Lawbreakers or Overwatch are such inferior games compared to this, this game is really worth your time and money."
,Recommended,611500,34805830,Posted: 7 September,all,BourkeMeister,"This game is so good and has a lot of potential. very competitive game, and i can see this being a big esport, both for players, and for viewers. very entertaining and the player base will only grow. If this game gets enough players it will be one of the best competitve shooters on the market, and especialy when it is relesased from open beta. Good luck to this game, i love it. 10/10"
76561197970523214,Recommended,611500,34767218,Posted: 5 September,all,NilError,"decided to buy it after the book ready.player.one got me sentimental about games back in the days.  Stopped playing FPS when UT3 came out...and it looks like the genre has not changed since then.- the good- if you want a fast paced FPS game then this is it.- even if you suck ( like I do ) you still will be interested in unlocking stupid sh*t- graphics are cool- nice game to unwind after work- the bad- adds nothing new to FPS genreThis is exactly what I expected from a quake game , nothing new but nice graphics.."
,Recommended,611500,34803888,Posted: 7 September,all,puercodioss,"Great overall fun.  Bit of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ netcode, but nothing that can't be fixed."
,Recommended,611500,34449121,Posted: 23 August,all,S.T.E.E.L.N.A.I.L.,It's good.But I wanna play classic duel system also (use only one character).
76561197985202252,Recommended,611500,34450090,Posted: 23 August,all,carecry,"Now that they've fixed the laggy stuttering, this is awesome."
,Recommended,611500,34907481,Posted: 12 September,all,Frankntooth88,"This is my first serious quake experience. I used to play a little bit of quake live, but csgo kinda took me and ripped me a new one. This is why I've been so excited to see a new quake game coming out. I have pretty much been playing this non-stop since I bought into it and so far, this game is pretty good.The general flow is the same as the old games. It is not p2w, a fair playing field that has all of the weapons of quake 1.With the twist of the character aspect and how the monetization is integrated.Each champion has it's own power and passives. For example, the starting one is Ranger. He is the general quake guy from the first game. His feel is supposed to be that of quake live, in terms of his base movement speed and movement speed caps being the same as live. His active is the dire orb, a ball which he can throw and teleport to and even tele-frag players by teleporting inside of another person. It can also be used to sneakily steal some of the mega powerups. His passive gives him 25% reduction to self harm with weapons. This encourages rocket jumping as part of his playstyle. I have all the champions, and I have played him the most. I can see many unique characters being added to this as there were so many from the quake 3 arena roster to model after. I wanna see champions like Orbb added to the roster of this. It would be nice to have a Mike Wazowski skin for him too.Each champion will cost credits that you earn for playing the game. Daily quests can provide some, and you can buy backpacks with it to unlock armor parts for characters, gun skins, shaders, and runes which you will mainly get that give you quests for different characters to get more currency, backpacks and even the premium chests. You can pay real money for characters, backpacks, chests, the nice chests 'Reliquaries', and various weapon skins.As for the technical aspects, a lot of people complain about the hit reg in this. Now I can only speak for myself, but for me, it has been pretty good. You will always get those games where it can be absolutely terrible though. Hopefully the hit reg will keep improving as the game gets finished. They seem to have been doing good so far with visible net code improvements.But as for now, only pay if really want to support the devs. I think this game can go pretty far, it has a lot of potential. As of now though it may not be smooth enough for some people. The game for me stutters at higher settings, and the netcode is sometimes dodgey. But the base isn't that bad right now. If you are unsure, just wait till the game is f2p. And when it does come out, maybe buy a character to support the game. I want to see it go far."
76561198015617929,Recommended,611500,35044319,Posted: 18 September,all,dirac,"Fast, great visuals, great control"
76561197993510374,Recommended,611500,35330820,Posted: 30 September,all,The Machine Spirit,"never have i sucked so much at a game i love so much.a parfet palet clenser of the salt factory that is overwatch,  where i vcan just cut loose and not worry about the imcopetence of the people im playing with, i grew up on shooters like this and im so glad there still alive and well.wether your a old school gamer like me or you grew up on COD, i highly recomend quake champions as the best modern FPS out there."
,Recommended,611500,34425763,Posted: 22 August,all,S|King -iwnl-,"Its Quake, the microtransactions DO NOT effect the gameplay and the gameplay is tight and addicting. The skins and stuff are pretty neat too."
,Recommended,611500,34438721,Posted: 23 August,all,Tyrannocles,"I love this game! It runs great and looks good. Be warned it is ♥♥♥♥ing hard! Often get matched up with people that just kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everyone, like 40-3 K/D kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of everyone! Sometimes I wish those people would just stop playing video games lol. If your looking for easy stay away! This game can be extremely frustrating, espcially if your as bad as I am. But if you have the patience and are willing to put in the time and effort to ""getgud"" it can be a lot of fun! My biggest complaint right now is the match making. It often takes 5-15 min to get a match and when you do get one it drops so you can start the process over! Devs are aware of it and are gonna fix it but you still might wanna wait till they do before jumping into this one."
76561198130877599,Recommended,611500,35059736,Posted: 19 September,all,TimmY,Boner alert
,Recommended,611500,35475437,Posted: 4 October,all,rosskii^,"This game is fun but I guess hard to pick up if you're new to quake. I am glad they added old movement styles from old quakes, which has encouraged old legends to start playing again.I feel the mouse input system needs a tweak, like add raw input, because the mouse accel settings seems to cause some juddering at the start of games. But once its warmed up, it performs well.The skins are great, but I would wish the devs allowed the map detail level to be lowered a bit more, because it can be harsh on the eyes playing for many hours in row. I dont mind the skins being high detail, but the map being lower detail would be smart, because also people with potato pc's will have a more pleasant experience too.I think the game definately needs new game types, at this moment its just ffa, tdm and sacrafice. Clan arena is the mode I'm waiting for. But all in all its a good game :D E-sports ready :D"
,Recommended,611500,34427942,Posted: 22 August,all,SMFK,"This is Quake. Been playing since the first Closed Beta and the devs are working hard to bring back the Arena Shooter feel and it shows.The unlockables dont affect gameplay in anyway, purely cosmetic."
76561198263575314,Recommended,611500,34785370,Posted: 6 September,all,"""Bepsi"" Chicken Bach™","This game, this game is way to fun.Where do i start though?Well I mean it has1:good graphics2:A Community3:Fun gamemodes4:Multiplayer5:and every thing else is just funbuy it if you can because this is a real good game(dont quote me on anything i just said, you may have different opinions)"
76561198030356214,Recommended,611500,34427360,Posted: 22 August,all,Whoowee,"VERY NICE.I've been waiting for a new arena shooter since Quake 3, and this definitely doesn't dissapoint!"
,Recommended,611500,34427417,Posted: 22 August,all,☠ superdead ☠,QUAKE WITH DOOM GUY PERFECT !
,Recommended,611500,34481320,Posted: 25 August,all,Dead_End_Friend,"Yes .. despite the champion abilities it still feels like old school Quake III Arena. At least like I remember old school Quake. It's fast, it's smooth and it requires some skill to master.Sure this is not a completley polished release, which has it's issues, mainly the netcode. But this should be nothing the devs won't be able to fix. So please support this early access :-)"
,Recommended,611500,35345984,Posted: 30 September,all,Rastaboof,"This game is FAST. Despite it's issues, the gameplay makes the champions pack worth every penny.Quake Champions takes the highs of winning and the lows of losing and multiplies them x100. The skill ceiling in this game is absolutely nuts and super daunting but once you get a hang of the movement and get your first spree with quad damage, this game becomes absolutely addicting.It IS still in Early Access, so some of the faults of this game will hopefully be addressed, but that's worth mentioning as far as problems with the game are concerned and despite these problems I still love this game.Pros:+ FUN AS HELL+ Movement / Strafe Jumping is super clean, fast, and precise+ Different characters and abilities add enough variety to make Quake more modern, but at the end of the day your raw skill is still what will save you+ Deathmatch / Team Deathmatch are chaotic and fast+ Most weapons have a learning curve but feel good once you get a hang of them (MOST)+ Most maps are fun and have a good flowCons:- No in-game tutorial for strafe jumping / Bunny Hopping. That is seriously REQUIRED knowledge to even remotely compete in this game- I agree with a lot of old school players that the hitboxes need a revamp. The huge size of some characterse makes them completely worthless against good players, and the small/fast characters are damn near impossible to hit when controlled by the right person.- Game is still poorly optimized (Early access yo!) and requires frequent restarts to reset memory leaks that lead to severe fps drops- Visuals are somewhat lackluster imo. The game sits somewhere between ironically edgelordy/campy and seriously trying to seem ""cool"", without successfully commiting to either- Main menu character animations/quips leave something to be desired. Some just aren't polished, others are downright confusing. IE: Nyx's selection animation, ""In the shadows I will lie...*blows{LINK REMOVED}kiss*""....What?!- Anarki and Slash are unbearable. I can't play them purely because of their VO.- Matchmaking (if it's even in the game) is very rough. I'll frequently get queued with brand new players on my team and level 40 veterans on the other.- Loot box system would be fine if there was actually anything cosmetic that was worth getting. Drop 30 bucks on the champions pack and just ignore the loot boxes (at least until they make it worth it). See Rocket Jump Ninja's video for a better explanation.All that said! Despite the ""cons"" outnumbering the pros here, I STILL reccommend the game. It's a blast to play, and I look forward to the problems being addressed. If nothing else, wait for the game to release and play around with Ranger when the game is F2P, as Ranger is still a great champion to learn the game with."
76561198041130973,Recommended,611500,34439935,Posted: 23 August,all,Comander555666,"Hello everyone!So first of all, for everybody who hasn't been part of the beta since start, or are playing for the first time now: The game already has greatly improved over the last couple months, from bug fixes, over content to the netcode issues, they've already shown great effort, thats why I'm happy to pay for the game and give support, even more as the price is reduced at the moment! I'm assured they will do a good job in the future, in further improving and polishing this gem.(you can be shure I'll check back to upddate this review). This Game is on a solid way and I'll recommend it to every kind of PC shooter player, no matter if you come from Arma, Arena Shooters, Call of duty, Killing Floor or PUBG, doesn't matter, Quake is the godfather of multiplayer 3D Shooters as we all know them today, for that reason alone, you should at least give it a try, hell the Quake franchise is older than me, show some respect boy haha if you really dont like it, get your money back and at least you can say you tried it!Have a nice day,Adios! :peace:"
,Recommended,611500,34449055,Posted: 23 August,all,Heavens Night,Awesome
76561197966357206,Recommended,611500,34889744,Posted: 11 September,all,oscaar,"early access, bugs/optimizations, but damn this game is good.quake at its best!if you love arena shooters, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,611500,34660582,Posted: 1 September,all,Jak En Oph,"Mostly yes, a little no. It is fun and definitely challenging especially new to it, I have played lots of Quake 3 and Unreal when younger. A definite improvement over the beta but there is still a rubber banding issue. The other is team balance in team deathmatch can be unfairly paired. I would like bots too so I can practice more but empty maps are fine for movement.It runs buttery smooth for me at 144hz too, no issues with performance."
,Recommended,611500,34810454,Posted: 8 September,all,fluχ,best arena shooter out there
,Recommended,611500,34892249,Posted: 11 September,all,blochead.,shooty bang zippy zap
,Recommended,611500,34964810,Posted: 14 September,all,PimpinNprogress,Going 3 - 28 has never been so satisfying. 10/10 will drag team down again.
,Not Recommended,611500,34515085,Posted: 26 August,all,TheSatoshiChiba,"Quake this ain't... At the moment I can't really recommend this game. The rocket launcher feels like I am shooting blow darts at my enemies. The weapons all have a very light feel to it. It feels like Unreal Tournament in a Quake skin. The netcode is incredibly bad: unregistered hits, items, teleportations because of dropped movement packages (at least that's how it feels like). As it stands now I'd rather go back playing Quake 3 Arena or Quake Live than this abomination.I know this is an early access game but you would think that the netcode would have been at least better than what it is right now given that this is the very core/foundation of the game... But hey... At least they already thought about real money transactions and ingame currency... what a joke!"
,Not Recommended,611500,34505198,Posted: 26 August,all,中路别送,"It is actually good. Sadly, currently unplayable for now with stuttering due to memory leak and a trash netcode since clsoed beta."
76561198112818447,Not Recommended,611500,34569525,Posted: 28 August,all,RT788,While I do like Quake Champions it could use a little refinement. The matchmaking is buggy and can freeze. Also there are lag issues. Plus it needs more maps and heroes. I'd wait for more patches and content to come out before buying the game.
76561198093593468,Not Recommended,611500,34510433,Posted: 26 August,all,Dank Gendo Memes,"Fun, but with the garbage netcode and no bots as of yet, I would hold off."
76561198124686586,Not Recommended,611500,34457588,Posted: 24 August,all,SuperWeenieHutJr,"Since id has not released who they will be using as an anticheat provider, I would not recommend to buy this game at all. May have been saying fairfight will be used. If that's the case don't buy it, it will be full of cheaters. If they change the anticheat provider to someone else say, battleye I'll change my review."
76561197996573783,Not Recommended,611500,34666440,Posted: 1 September,all,Pieminator,"Can't recommend the paid version yet.to sum things up - It's Quake 3 with BS.It's fun, because it's Quake, but the Heroes and Abilities are an unwanted mess, turning a game of pure skill to 'Who's got more HP and a better abillity'.It looks and runs great for me (got a 4yr old computer with GTX 1060), they put effort with detailing the world and characters, but besides that - It's a cynical attempt to compete with Overwatch.If you're expecting a Remasterd version of Quake 3 you should get Quake Live - In Quake Champions you're a lot slower, You'll die because someone Activated a cheap Skill - and you know THERE IS NO WAY they'll actually make a 'Normal mod' that disables abillities and make all the heroes equal, forget about MODS or downloadable MAPS because there's no way bethesda's greed will allow it, 4 Game mods only (And you can bet your♥♥♥♥♥it will stay like that after the official release), even the narrator sucks and annoying.Haven't caught a real issue with net-coding yet, I can agree that the Matchmaking isn't as great as it should be.The game itself isn't really bad, I think many will enjoy it, however there's really not a good enough reasson to buy it now in 'Early Access', the whole Triple A companies making their games Early Access so you'd have a reasson to pre-purchase the game is a complete scam.Unless you're a DIE-HARD Quake fan, don't buy it yet."
76561197993366540,Not Recommended,611500,34512300,Posted: 26 August,all,codec_abc,"Fun game but totally broken engine. If you don't have a top notch connection and computer don't even buy it. The game is unplayable. I have input lag, low framerate and experience a lot of issues (lot of micro-freezes, rubber banding, etc...) due to poor netcode. These could be ok for maybe another kind of game but for fast paced FPS it is just terrible. So if you are interested in the game just stay tune until they have fixed the game engine so you can enjoy it (if it ever happens, because I am not confident that Sabe Interactive will be able to do so)"
,Not Recommended,611500,34661229,Posted: 1 September,all,Oaktown,"1999 was a great year for FPS and this game may currently be the closest you will get to that style of play.  Seemes that netcode is a little better than what we had in summer 2017.  But  it is still a bit choppy at times.If you can get it for free, play it!  But I can't recommend burning $30 on this one yet."
76561197976348838,Not Recommended,611500,34460116,Posted: 24 August,all,CHASE,Every server I played in was very laggy. Nothing new or special to this game at all.
76561198048855988,Not Recommended,611500,34506548,Posted: 26 August,all,Vick_Viper,"A far cry from its epic origins, quake champions has the feeling of speed but that feeling is only skin deep as the mechanics of the game show its weaknesses as a blatant attempt to cash in on the overwatch class based shooter hype, an cash in only made more obvious in the loot boxes and the 3 different types of currency and 8 player games being the max. the game has the look and the movement of quake but it doesnt have any heart or charm in it at all. it feels like a pure cashgrab and by only having 8 player game modes it removes some of the chaos that we once loved in the game. how easy would it have been to include a couple of the more favorited game modes into the game like freeze tag or instagib. early access or no i bought and quickly refunded the game soon after"
,Not Recommended,611500,34636916,Posted: 31 August,all,Ursadraconis,May come back in the future when the game is more secure.... cause to be honest played from Quake 1 and love the gamesFPS games on pc will always have the sad few that cheat but i had 3 rounds on this in a row.See a guy with Laser gunHit him 3 times dead on with rocket launcher.... not dead????He jumps spinning at 100mph his laser never left my face....deadI know its early access and blah blah blah but hackers from the get go getting 30+ kills 0 deaths no thanks... Refunded
76561197963628954,Not Recommended,611500,34779891,Posted: 6 September,all,Pimpen,Dont buy this!Netcode are horrible.Matchmaking does not work.Champions are not balanced.Performance problems with stuttering and crashes.These things has been in the game since day one and Bethesda seems to pretend the problems dont exist.
76561198190357778,Not Recommended,611500,35456405,Posted: 3 October,all,[BFG]DZOLI,this game is garbagenot worth to buythis is fake quake
76561198298993019,Recommended,611500,34466026,Posted: 24 August,all,iLLMATIK_,funnest game I played in a while
,Not Recommended,611500,35485034,Posted: 4 October,all,boxes bleeds quake,terrible ♥♥♥♥ing gamewill change this when it's worth playingjust reviewing for the stats
,Recommended,611500,34775643,Posted: 6 September,all,AmazingMumbo,ＱＵＡＤ　ＤＡＭＡＧＥ
76561198420295807,Not Recommended,611500,34977856,Posted: 15 September,all,▄︻̷̿┻̿═━一PR1M4Lky,this game is not for casual players it is a very high skill cap game that also requires you to have a highrefreshrate monitor and powerfulgraphics too even get kills on a well trained player. not saying it can't be done on lets say a 60hz monitor . in conculsion if you have really tough skin and can take a harsh beating initally then by all means buy this game if you have your mind set at this point head over to rocketjumpninja he will be your guide into HELL.
,Not Recommended,611500,34722060,Posted: 3 September,all,CzechDeath,"Sluggish movement, something is off with the strafe jumping. Random shutters and lags, compared to buttery smooth DOOM, but it is early access...Strange audio, hard to hear exactly who is shooting, from where, overshouted by sound of your player character getting hit. If there was no visual indicator it would be absolute disaster. Exact same issue in DOOM MP btwAnd then there are ridiculously crazy veteran players from all the other quakes, who turn your play session in to frustrating nightmare of getting constantly spawnkilled before you even get chance to not just pick up a weapon, but take 5 freakin steps any direction.No server browser.So far lack of graphical options to edit elements of the hud and audio.Characters/champions and their gimmick are sometimes pretty annoying. How is it fair to spawn with 75 health right next to somebody who just spawned with 150 health?Maps feel tiny and crowded, not much space to really pickup the speed.Visual design of env, wapons and champions is top notch, making me wish for remake of QUAKE 1 and it's bizzare Lovecraftian weirdness.Champions are mostly designed to resonate with juveniles reinforcing the worn and untrue stereotype of games being for kids and teens max. So it was exacly one hour till I turned the voices off just to shut up all the ""tough"" cringe festival being quoted by Champions all around.Overall: WAIT! and since it is free to play you can even test it out before u purchase so I DONT recommend it yet. I can'tI purchased cause I support id and I appretiate the artistic side of their products the most!"
,Recommended,611500,34424452,Posted: 22 August,all,IlyaLts,It's Quake.
76561198366454978,Not Recommended,611500,34845201,Posted: 9 September,all,RippEr #,"Not balanced at all for beginners , I'm lvl 3  play against lvl 31 26 24 17 ( all in same team ) thats how this game works .My team was kind of lvl 6 , 9 and 14 ... very sad . team of beginners vs a stacked experienced team with much highter lvl then you ."
,Recommended,611500,34778998,Posted: 6 September,all,Joe Ma's spaghetti,"Its a solid game so far. It needs loads of work though and at the moment I can't play it as no one plays on the server in SA and playing on a server not in your country is too laggy. I would love for the devs to add in bots as it would be great to practice against them, especially for beginners."
,Recommended,611500,34435973,Posted: 23 August,all,Lazy Titan,"Bad things out of the way first:Quiping? Check.Oversaturated 'Heroshooter' sub genre? Check.Early access? Check.Lootboxes? Check.Gaudy character customisation? Check.Limited run items to keep completionists awake all night? Check.Bethesda? Check.Now what do I like about the game?Feels more Quake with Heroshooter flavoring, than Heroshooter with Quake flavoring.They didn't make Doomguy quip.It's still an Arena Shooter at heart.Movement system isn't gimped.Id software.All and all, its okay. Not replacing Quake Live for me, but might lead to some casual fun down the line. Wish I could vote for 'luke warm', but 'recommend' will have to do."
76561198172367398,Recommended,611500,34560893,Posted: 28 August,all,HaruhiSuperior,you have a more fews copy writes of overwatch BUT IT IS ASOME JUST LIKE A HEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLL
,Recommended,611500,34504849,Posted: 26 August,all,BATUSHKA,Really a lot of fun. Quake veterans and noobs alike should have fun with this game!
,Recommended,611500,34511898,Posted: 26 August,all,Spookster,"Quake Champions is extremely fun but has its small hick ups at the moment due to the fact its in beta. Like others have said netcode needs a little love and we're lacking some of the classic quake game modes like freeze tag and missing the server browser as well. I am sure all of this will come with time and the bugs will be squashed. Looking around most reviews left that are negative mention these few things which I am sure will be fixed in the coming months. If you arent sure you want to play with that, just wait and come back in a few months otherwise try at your own discretion."
,Recommended,611500,34737324,Posted: 4 September,all,Carbonite - (Blake Carrington),"I recommend this game BUT - until they fix the lag issues, rubber-banding, teleporting back to previous locations, being frozen on the spot due to lag unable to shoot anything or move whilst others kill you where you stand then this game is really not worth getting on Early Access.It's an enjoyable arena shooter very reminiscent in terms of feel and pace to Quake 3 Arena with a decent idea using a champions system but currently the latest patch has almost entirely ruined the game for myself and many others. I have seen rockets go through enemies, deal 1 damage when it was a direct hit and just plain disappear. I've been warped and teleported back into other locations I passed through 5 seconds or more before; I've been frozen in place with such severe lag that I cannot move or turn my character, let alone fire a weapon. The game as it stands is not worth investing in. If you still have the ability then play the FREE version through Bethesda's launcher instead but I would not advise paying any money for this game currently unless you want to feel ripped off when each successive patch seems to make the game worse for you.I actually had a much better experience in the Closed Beta where lag was much less of an issue - I don't know what they changed from that patch but the game is certainly capable of being very good and extemely replayable but as of this moment there's no way I can really recommend buying it on Early Access."
76561197993897713,Recommended,611500,34447514,Posted: 23 August,all,Dench,This game is amazing i dont normally leave reviews but omg i love it. Im getting owned at the moment because im new but i love it haha !!!!! Im a crazy gamer who gets drunk a lot when playing but unlike CSGO i can play this when drunk and do OK 10/10 haha :D
76561198004876032,Not Recommended,611500,35308442,Posted: 29 September,all,Rookie,impressively ♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197972249286,Not Recommended,611500,35025915,Posted: 17 September,all,MaXimus,"Feels like Quake but performances are awful. Laggy a hell. I would not say it's unplayable, but it's definitely not fun.People seem to say this is coming from bad netcode. It's definitely not the graphics (I got a 1060).Hope this will get better after beta, until then don't waste your money and go back to Quake Live."
76561198017997738,Recommended,611500,34479433,Posted: 25 August,all,D4KR0N!C (w*s) ™,Great Game
76561198033359600,Not Recommended,611500,34796752,Posted: 7 September,all,d1bs,"TL/DR:Do not buy this game, wait until the issues are fixed, if it isn't DOA by then.NOTE: I am neither a quake 'Veteran' nor am I new to the mechanics (about 1500 hours of quake played in total over the years) which I feel puts me right in the middle of the spectrum, a great vantage point from which to write this review imho.Major Issue:Matchmaking is very bad, most of the time you simply can't connect to a match and when you do it is very likely you will rubber band for 5 - 10 seconds every round. Decent enough if you just want to mess around in the game for a bit and have a potential 5 to 30 minutes to kill while you wait for a match. It is unplayable, specially if you have slow upload bandwidth (read: Australian internet) as the game uses a diagnostics telemetry system (check Zenimax/Bethesda privacy policy) which chokes your upload. If you attempt to block this behaviour you will be unable to log into the game. Yes, it requires a separate login account and there is no offline play.One trick to practicing the maps in the game on your own is to play a custom match (requires $30 champions pack to unlock) and play TDM. You still need to be logged in for this however, and it is not locally hosted on your machine AFAIK.Other Issues:I tried this game after it was said that the 'Champions' ability mechanics did not impact the core Quake gameplay very much, however it is unfeasible to be competitive in the game without the use of those abilities. Some of which include, going invisible (get out of jail free button), placing 'mines' near teleports or important items, creating a shield that protects you from damage, a wallhack ability, etc. Basically arbitrary additions that serve only to compress the skill gap between veterans and new players. No matter how much better a skilled player is at the game and even at using/timing the abilities, the enemy may simply hit a button and escape, like a mulligan every time you make a mistake (30 second ability cooldown iirc). The skill ceiling itself is still quite high, don't get me wrong, this is Quake after all, but now you can win/escape key fights with the press of a button.The duel mode, while appealing to spectators and the current generation of 'hero' gamers, is far from being the veritable chess match of old which made duelling one of the major draws in previous Quake titles. Instead of mental focus being the main key to victory, your chances will be equally affected by basic knowledge of champion matchups, which requires little to no skill or talent to acquire, simply time. This is the reason games like Overwatch are so popular. Strafe jumping is now easier, which admittedly is a good compromise that helps newer players feel they might have a chance to enjoy the game. Mega health is now very easy to time and in general item spawn timing has taken a back seat. Duel matches 'reset' to square one after 5 minutes or 3 deaths depending which comes first. E.g. if the score (kills of the other player's champions) is 3 - 2 the round is over and you begin again for a best of 3 rounds. No need to worry about playing out of control to attempt a comeback or anything of the sort. This takes a lot of the intensity out of the game. It is a fresh idea and not necessarily bad, just nowhere near as much fun or mentally engaging imo. It reminds me of the 'catch up' mechanic in casual racing games that prohibit a player in 1st place from gaining too much of a lead. It keeps it 'fun' for everyone.Ultimately, despite the watered down duel mode and the overall lack of skillful depth in the gameplay, the best are still more likely to rise above the rest, but the journey there will feel somewhat less rewarding. Try this game when it is released (as it will be free to play then), but do not pay without knowing what you're getting into as it takes a lot more than the 2 hours steam allows for refunds in order to figure out if the game is for you or not. At least until the connection issues are fixed."
76561198029412816,Recommended,611500,34447603,Posted: 23 August,all,Faith,"I'm having alot of fun in this new quake, love playing it :)and i love the progress i get from playing it both in that i get better and in cosmetics for my favorite champions :)"
,Recommended,611500,34425367,Posted: 22 August,all,Nabernizer,I've never had quite as much fun getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked.
,Recommended,611500,34782605,Posted: 6 September,all,Nekrist,"Playing since the 2nd week of beta well into the EA. Ok, the game has its issues- the netcode needs fixing, certain champions need tweeking etc. Yet, if you are looking for a modern fast paced shoot- look no further. The gameplay, now with the champion twist, still brings the fast paced Quake gameplay. Recomended, but give it a proper try before you rate it."
76561197991371058,Recommended,611500,34873291,Posted: 10 September,all,m0rphy,It's fast. It's Quake. 9/10 would blow self up with rockets again.
76561198162410567,Recommended,611500,34425832,Posted: 22 August,all,Awkward winkyface,"Coming from closed beta I already knew how great this game was. It respects the franchise dearly with subtle innovations through means of passives and active abilities. A handful of people, and the loud minority at that, face problems with the tick rate and hit detection - issues I've no encountered myself.The game does almost everything right. The pacing is correct, the graphics are very beautiful, the game is really well optimized (but apparently runs into some driver issues if you happen to be unfortunate), the sounds are outstanding. The GUI is intuitive and looks good. Animations are top notch.Quake Champions is a game with a low skill floor. It requires you not to be good at shooters to have fun with as long as you play against people of equal skill. The skill ceiling is virtually infinite. This means that, if Bethesda manages to work around the current problem of new players getting obliterated by veterans, this could revive the near dead genre that are arena shooters.Pros:-Beautiful graphics-Very well balanced sounds(this I want to emphasize, the game does a very good job employing a rustic soundtrack with a soothing narrator allowing you to focus on the hit sounds and enemy gunfire)-Respects Quake-Abilities are alot of fun, and in my book are a succesful next step for the genre whilst still feeling authentic-Decent amount of customizables-Decent progression system-Low skill floor, infinite skill ceiling-Doesn't hold your hand with auto-aim mechanics or easy to use abilities-Vast array of serversCons:-Matchmaking is abysmal-New players will too quickly face vets, making the experience unpleasant-Some driver complications for specific users(forum is riddled with people experiencing issues)-Pay for fundamental content: classes. I understand the f2p model, but I disagree with locking heroes behind a paywallAfter the, in my opinion, failed game that is Lawbreakers Quake champions coming to Steam is a relief. This game is what is should be, and better."
,Recommended,611500,34783372,Posted: 6 September,all,Slenzip,"Great game, a real callback and what to me feels like a proper quake game in the more ""modern era"". I would suggest picking this game up if you have some extra cash and feel like playing a game like this. However, if you have never played a Quake (or Quake like) game than I would suggest looking at some videos on how to play. This game will push your♥♥♥♥♥♥in and is not gentle about it. That's also the appeal, a real challenging game to go to and see your skills.One MAJOR problem the game has right now is the way it handles its netcode ""so to speak"".The game uses the amount of frames you get and uploads every one to the server, causing some VERY laggy games at times making it unplayable. For me, I have a 144hz monitor so I do try to go for frames when setting up my game (although it being not a hard game to run) and on my current college internet is abysmal. This is just a warning for those wanting to pick up the game. Hardware does matter, but at the moment, internet speeds matter way more.Some extra notes: I have been playing this game since it was first released with the closed Beta and every update since till it made its way to the Steam Store. I was not a fan at first but it quickly grew on me with bugs being patched and the game becoming more enjoyable overtime. I do plan to keep playing in hopes they will fix these major errors."
,Not Recommended,611500,35016213,Posted: 17 September,all,asmhfagvs,"When I was writing this review I wasn't sure theese are common netcode issues, because reviews were mostly positive and the problem felt so huge that I couldn't believe it wasn't some 'separate' one. But now I see people's complaints and I can't get the point of all those ""good old quake' words when the game just doesn't work as online shooter for now.I have like one second delay or something + lags on the same servers I've played fine in QuakeLive. I evade a rocket = it has already killed me a second ago, I hit direct rocket = deal absolutely random damage (0, for example), shaft kills behind walls or deals no dmg, I can't jump over an acid, but I can deal a lot of dmg with a totally missed SG shot or die in Nyx' invis. Once I died of sorlag's acid... being sorlag myself. I litterally don't know where to shoot, because I can't even hit a guy right in front of me with the RL or catch an enemy on a jump with the LG. Nothing on my screen makes sense.There's no any team balance: I (4lvl) got the lowest lvl players on server in team. Summary we were 47lvl vs 128!!!!!1111111111 And if 2 of us leave, we play 2vs4 the highest lvls players. So I guess a spawn system is random too. All I feel playing now is rage and suffering, playing every game 2vs4 and non-stop dying 1 vs 3 in insane lags, while there is not much left I liked in Quake, including grenade launcher. The only suffering I felt in QL was Clawz shaft.Also there is a big problem with people online, it may be really hard to find a match and totally impossible for sacrifice. Seems like QL had more players before this out. I miss that maps/weapons and even interface design. Personally I would like to see a classic 'non overwatch' mode someday, because I don't like the idea of twice hp heroes, although I wait for CA mode, at least because it's not so fun to spawn at 3 enemies with quad or to tryhard duels only.Btw, there is a quite stupid mouse sensivity adjustment."
,Recommended,611500,34445998,Posted: 23 August,all,♔ Phispi,Its Quake!
,Recommended,611500,34720111,Posted: 3 September,all,c0rey,"The most important part is the best part so far. The rest needs work.Pros:- Gameplay is solid. They didn't stray to far off of the previous quakes in terms of gun play. The abilities do mix things up but a well aimed rocket is just as effective as any ability.- All the graphic options we'd expect from this series are there. While things do look great maxed out odds are like most quake players you'll end up setting everything to low and maxing out the POV to 140.- The tutorials are actually linked to youtube. This means less space used on your computer and the actual playing parts of the single tutorial in there isn't to bad.Neutral:- With being early access safe to say it feels like there needs to be some balancing done. Little things like with the railgun ,for the time it takes to charge the damage boost is hardly worth it.Cons- Anything that isn't directly involved with the gameplay itself boils down to spend more money. Sure you can unlock a lot of things through normal gameplay but even a couple hours in I'm already getting duplicate items and the selling price is so low you can't really get anything else in return. Also with there being already so much content being shoved in here the odds of getting what you want randomly looks laughable.- I'm still having some lobby lock ups to the point where I have to exit the game.Food for thought- A sandbox mode would be fantastic. It would be very nice to have some time in an empty arena (possibly with bots) to practice some rocket jumps or just learn the maps in general without the stress of an actual match going on.- For the older fans of the series. Having the option to add some ""classic mode"" features would be nice. Like an option to turn off the class features and have the characters be nothing more than skins again.- Some ""fun"" custom match options would be nice as well. Like gauntlet only servers instead of strict catering to the e-sports crowd.In all, it's still early access. Odds are they're going to want to get as much money as they can from this. But for now I do recommend it and I'll just be hopeful that actually put some thought and care into this. As things go along I'll update the review.(you just read all that and this was not even mine you fat nerd)"
,Recommended,611500,34516928,Posted: 26 August,all,barda,its quake
,Recommended,611500,34518380,Posted: 26 August,all,INNOCENT X,It's Quake
,Recommended,611500,34535184,Posted: 27 August,all,_MGFM_,Hooked
,Recommended,611500,34546614,Posted: 28 August,all,sKo713,Fast paced fun. Graphics are great.  Still needs more game modes and custom/servers. Also needs a little tweakin' on the netcode or something ....rocket launcher feels delayed. Sometimes the railgun feels a bit off maybe thats just me though.
,Recommended,611500,34537694,Posted: 27 August,all,f3.mp4,i 100% recommend this game but dont come in here thinking that its COD or Battlefield or whatever because its not this game requires you to think on your feet have good aim & obv FRAG i also recommened getting it now before the prices go up after early accessgood luck veterans & newbies coming10/10 hardest game ever
76561198219712557,Recommended,611500,34693924,Posted: 2 September,all,Gwaah,"gid gud or gid quad, or both :P"
76561198093782765,Recommended,611500,34770043,Posted: 5 September,all,Alina,damn i suck
76561198040955276,Recommended,611500,34443125,Posted: 23 August,all,Commander Slayer,Slipgate out of here/10
,Recommended,611500,34480118,Posted: 25 August,all,StolenGear,"Very fast paced, little bit of a learning curve from your usual arena style, but a blast once you learn! even better with friends."
76561198025728865,Recommended,611500,34942179,Posted: 13 September,all,Liberal Tears,"Game has it's problems right now, but still is very much worth a try. Recomended for anyone who played Quake 1234L."
76561198214928205,Recommended,611500,34815182,Posted: 8 September,all,HudyAstaroth,"unbalanced games, You: 20-6 your team : 2-18 3-21 5-11 , win that if you can, in rest good game"
,Recommended,611500,34998456,Posted: 16 September,all,Spy Nooob,Most enjoyable quake ever!
76561198398438414,Recommended,611500,35045766,Posted: 18 September,all,ℐ➄,Really fun shooter. One of those games you can start up and just play without overthinking. 8/10
76561198040182217,Recommended,611500,35316706,Posted: 29 September,all,Rekkn_,"Best fps imo.Why?- No hand-holding: practise is rewarding (I went in without any knowledge about the previous games movement mechanics, weapons, characters, etc). A actual sense of improvement and progress by own experimentation, this is extreemly rare nowadays in videogames imo.- The amount of mouse options is unmatched (and THIS right here is one of the biggest reasons this stands out to me compared to any other fps out there); Sens, Sens Cap, Yaw, Pitch, Acceleration, accel offset, Mouse filtering.- Complex movement mechanics that create a lot of different skill levels.- Small game mechanics that actually matter and are the difference between k or d- A healthy variation between champs that direct the players playstyle in different ways.- Daily missions (that let you discover thing you din't know (the starter shotgun is actually kinda good ... no, really it is)).- Great weapon/skill feedback (ragdolls, gibbing, announcer, etc)"
,Recommended,611500,34742521,Posted: 4 September,all,soul,Great fun if you like fast-paced FPS games.Issues are being fixed and content is added with regular updates so the game will keep getting better.
,Recommended,611500,34807862,Posted: 7 September,all,Expert Button Presser,This is for early accessI really am liking the basic mechanics for their speed and precision required but the devs have to do something to improve the hit detection. Call of duty can have 10hz servers with kill trading but that doesn't fly in this game where fractions of a degree of aim in fraction of seconds really count.Tentative recommend because chances are you don't use the railgun as a main weapon (and thus require good hit detection)
,Recommended,611500,35204012,Posted: 25 September,all,Serena Wick,"I love it (the game, the champinos, the guns, the maps) . I hate it (Quad damage and 2-4vs1 )."
76561197993205533,Recommended,611500,35372656,Posted: 1 October,all,Crucifixation to all Profligates,I grew a second pair of testicles playing this game
76561198054410153,Recommended,611500,34484915,Posted: 25 August,all,Manhs,"A lot of speed, weapons and the item of the ""champions"" make it interesting, not just classic but more than that and it's very fun!Browser server and stuff will be added later, buy this game if you can't wait, or wait if you prefer to play when the balance will be fixed with others stuff.Happy to have bought it, fun is there!"
,Recommended,611500,34489437,Posted: 25 August,all,T [HuN] Gergő,"Well it's early so don't expect a lot of map or music, it's kind of simple but that makes it good. The multi works good for me and the wepoins don't got bugs. Which i don't like the armor, the health and speed are different in the characters that's sometimes good sometimes makes you angry. it would be better if these are same but nevermind."
76561198065258694,Recommended,611500,34985443,Posted: 15 September,all,Riku (60fps),Pros:-Quake gameplay fits with abilities too well-Graphics are too good-I love the fact that there is doom slayer and The guy from wolfenstain too.Cons:-Bad optimization-Netcode can mess up
,Recommended,611500,35302705,Posted: 29 September,all,Ya Boi Cthulhu,MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM GIBS
76561197994157530,Recommended,611500,35092143,Posted: 20 September,all,M3rk.exe,"IT""S FUN TO MURDER PEOPLE WITH YOUR FRIENDS!!"
,Recommended,611500,35433744,Posted: 2 October,all,leandrock,"Quake is back! In it's fast paced form and glorious graphics. Hope they'll add an classic mode, using the heroes just as skins."
,Recommended,611500,34696346,Posted: 2 September,all,J-Billions,"Pros: This has that classic quake feel with a new twist that doesn't hurt the gameplay at all. The addition of special abilities for each character adds more depth without taking away that quake feel. Nicely done! I'm have a great time with this game!Cons: There are hackers. Check YouTube to see. There is a way to run Wallhacks and Aimbot at the same time. I've seen these players in some matches. You know they are running hacks when they go 27-1 or 50-5 in a single match. I know there are some good players out there, but you can be the best and still get killed more than 1 time in a match.Tip for developer- Add spectate and reporting options for matches so we can keep the hackers off this game. The few matchs I have had that had hackers in them have ruined the match for me and other teammates. Thanks!!"
,Recommended,611500,34853647,Posted: 9 September,all,MireTSBS,"Devs need to work on netcode and balancing a few champions (Cough cough nerf sorlag buff doomguy) but all around really fun to play and feels like a proper quake game even with the champion system. As long as the devs keep working on it and ironing out the issues I can see this becoming another great quake game. If you're a new player and you're frustrated with the lack of matchmaking, give it time the devs are working on it and will hoprfully implement it soon."
,Recommended,611500,34991340,Posted: 16 September,all,CHADbromancer,games pretty coolhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ul2fb0OV20M&feature=youtu.be
76561198075648865,Recommended,611500,34823861,Posted: 8 September,all,Minty Freshness,early access and still needs work but if the devs keep their give a damn ability active quake will have returned with a vengeance
,Recommended,611500,34831898,Posted: 9 September,all,FreiherrSeymore,I would have preferred a new Quake 1 and its perfect atmsophere but this reboot of Arena is really nice too. Having lots of fun so far.
,Recommended,611500,35498741,Posted: 5 October,all,Icon of Sin,Netcode is hit or miss. Having a blast with the game other than that
76561198090666334,Recommended,611500,34442717,Posted: 23 August,all,s0laris,"Its not like the older iterations, but the game is as Quake as it can be with novadays consumer requirements.Be prepared that your rear end will be constantly tested until you git gud."
,Recommended,611500,34456644,Posted: 24 August,all,xen,"Not everyone will be a fan of having Overwatch-esque heroes and abilities. However, this game does take skill and will not hold your hand. Very rewarding to frag out against other players online. You will need to bring your reaction time and learn the maps to effectively destroy your opponents."
,Recommended,611500,34506785,Posted: 26 August,all,WhiteDemon78,PRO:-Everything is perfect and fast.CON:-server issue only.
,Recommended,611500,34803128,Posted: 7 September,all,Haysty,its fun
,Recommended,611500,34855720,Posted: 10 September,all,☯Fey Yoshida☯,Good for high end computers and players. but very Resource hungry. CPU will cry.
,Recommended,611500,35315862,Posted: 29 September,all,DudeVonDude,"I have been playing this game since the second week of the closed beta. I still haven't gotten bored with it. Trust me when I say that, for a multiplayer only game, this is saying a lot. One note before I start: I haven't run into many technical issues. This is likely due to being near some good servers, and maybe also having a rig that can run this game no sweat.The main issue I've had (game stuttering after playing 5-7 matches without restarting the game) isn't a deal breaker, and will no doubt be fixed before official release (it's due to memory leaks). I've seen plenty of people report issues with other things, but I haven't had those problems, so I can't really speak to them. Anyway, here are some bullet points. (I'm going to avoid praising aspects of arena shooters themselves. Search for that if you aren't aware of how arena shooters compare to most modern shooters).Great gameplay. It's fast. It lends itself well to reads, counter-reads, and all kinds of strategic gameplay.Skilled movement around maps is just as satisfying as hitting a flick rail or a mid-air prediction rocket.Duel mode is completely unique to this game/series, and it is *awesome*. If you are a fan of fighting games, I would highly recommend watching some professional duels online. Aside from other Quake and Quake-inspired games, there is nothing out there that can emulate the duel experience.One current issue is that most people queuing for duel are pretty experienced. You're gonna take some beatings at first. If you are completely new to this and are getting so whooped that you can't even learn how to play, you might want to find people on Discord/Reddit/Bethesda forums, friend anyone you play who you can at least somewhat compete with, or practice in the other modes until they implement their ranked mode/mmr system.Having different characters allows you to complement your play style, the role you'd like to play in a team game, or both. There are a few champions who have definite advantages as far as balance, but they're far from unfixable, and will likely be significantly toned down with an upcoming change to the game's netcode and hitbox system (after that, further tweaking of stats can be done). There is only one champion that feels like an outright bad pick. However, there was a period of time when he was a little too good, so I don't see any fundamental reason why he can't work in the game (and his active ability probably hasn't been integrated enough by players into organized team play yet).Most weapons feel like they have a specific role to play and can do their jobs well. Weapon choice is always an important tactical decision, and as development has contiued the balance of weapons has become better and better.TL;DRI wholeheartedly recommend this game. It is the most fun I've had with a multiplayer shooter than I've had since I was a kid playing the original Halo and Halo 2 with my brothers.I would grab the champions pack while it's still in early access. If you're unsure due to some of the reported technical issues, then I'd wait until the October patch hits and see what people are saying, and whether any of the negative reviews start turning positive.At the very least, you can always try it when it goes free to play. I don't think you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,611500,35435923,Posted: 2 October,all,∞ P O Y ii N G 5 5 ∞,Grandaddy Quake is back.Buggy at the moment but hopefully gets fixed before FTP launch.Hardcore.No-holds-barred fragging.I love it.Waiting for Sarge.
,Recommended,611500,34746870,Posted: 4 September,all,dal,"a little buggy and certain features are currently missing (server list) but core game is solid, loving it so far. glorious fanservice for fans of various id Software titles. also the netcode has improved a LOT since the closed beta"
,Recommended,611500,35119213,Posted: 21 September,all,R3D R4N63R,"Game is great, feels very much like the Old Quakes but with a few changes, the new champions system does not change the game drastically, that minor stat difference and hitbox size wont save you from someone who is better than you. If you like classic FPS games and Arena Shooter this game is right up your alley."
,Recommended,611500,34424710,Posted: 22 August,all,Mak,Well... Best shooter released like 5 past years.p.s. Mtchmaking soooo broken. Every game you have ♥♥♥♥ing mlg players.
,Recommended,611500,34819253,Posted: 8 September,all,O M B R O - C 1 3 7,"Needs balancing, optimization, netcode improvements and for the love of god it needs a CLASSIC MODE WITHOUT THE ♥♥♥♥ING OP ABILITIES.It's a nice game overall thought for being a beta.7.5/10 pls nerf Sorlag"
,Recommended,611500,34870135,Posted: 10 September,all,ILoveMaryJane,A good start. Let's hope that the developers keep making content.
,Recommended,611500,34476107,Posted: 25 August,all,thatcheeseguy,"It's an ok game i guess, hope they add a classic barebones mode, no abilities and same character stats.-This game is suffering a terrible stuttering issure right now"
,Recommended,611500,34871117,Posted: 10 September,all,TOAST,its quake at heart but it also has issues i think we all know since so many players have stated themmy real only complaint with this game is the lack of a dark toned single player that we once use to have like in the legendary quake 1 and a non character abilities mode but im sure that would come in eventually anywaysother then that this is quake and quake is badass
,Recommended,611500,34483429,Posted: 25 August,all,berdZz,"I've waited for this for 7 years.It's been hard to have a big quake community since cs came out.One of the best FPS games ever made. Definitely should try. No skin gambling, good servers, good performance and a great community. Russians have their own servers too. No micropurchases that can be traded.Pure gameplay. Fast-paced.So many emotions,welcome to quake. we hope you enjoy."
,Recommended,611500,35413016,Posted: 2 October,all,Bluey,Its fairly mediocre. It would be super fun with friends but if you dont know anyone who has the game then you just have to solo and it gets a little boring afterwards
,Recommended,611500,34744071,Posted: 4 September,all,LordGesa,magificent high speed old school arena shooter with modern graphics and twist. 10/10
76561198058828924,Recommended,611500,34925749,Posted: 13 September,all,Funnygger,"When you get gud, the game does the same."
,Recommended,611500,34457168,Posted: 24 August,all,^7OP^1!^7jugg^11^7s,I like... High five!
,Recommended,611500,35003513,Posted: 16 September,all,✪NaCl✪,10/10 its quake
76561197982034012,Recommended,611500,34423296,Posted: 22 August,all,RiSsoXx,This is Quake! Pure fast arena FPS game. Wont get any better then this!
,Recommended,611500,34423215,Posted: 22 August,all,Hoodoo,Beware! The king of shooters has returned!
,Not Recommended,611500,34489856,Posted: 25 August,all,[LP] pvt garfield,matchmaking queue doesn't work and they added gambling for item unlocksjust play quake 3 instead
,Not Recommended,611500,34666991,Posted: 1 September,all,krm,It will be a good game if the technical issues get fixed.ATM QC probably has the worst netcode to have ever disgraced an arena fps.
76561198076707195,Not Recommended,611500,34902123,Posted: 12 September,all,AntihYpe,DONT BUY THIS GAME JUST W8 FOR RELEASTOTAL GARBAGE
,Not Recommended,611500,35449734,Posted: 3 October,all,Michael Bolton,I'm glad quake is alive again.... but not like this. NYX ruins this game entirely. We were promised a classic mode.
,Not Recommended,611500,34874610,Posted: 10 September,all,BroDeuForce,Before the review I should point out some background info. I played this game since the closed beta. I have many hours with that version. I have a gtx 970. I played this closed beta on ultra and had really high fps and no technical hiccups AT ALL. Now this game won't let me change thee texture resolution to ultra. WTF. NOT OKAY. The performance for hte closed beta was better than now. That doesn't make any sense. People with gtx 1080TI's are having issues as well. I'm gonna get lawbreakers now. THANKS BETHESDA.
76561198036026583,Recommended,611500,34463580,Posted: 24 August,all,EternalBliss,"Great game, let me tell you why :1. Spend a good 30 minutes trying to create an account2. spend another 30 minutes trying to actually connect to their servers without having the game disconnect instantly/close itself.3. take a look through the customisation etc. while queueing up for the tutorial, only to have it lagg out and disconnect entirely, taking me back to the main menu, asking me to login.4. Wallow in anger looking through the steam reviews, pointing out the exact same things.So, are we all enjoying this early access? :D(still going to recommend because Quake is f-ing awesome)"
,Not Recommended,611500,34908187,Posted: 12 September,all,Quake III,Netcode is♥♥♥♥♥♥Gunplay feels♥♥♥♥♥♥ Feels really bad compared to DOOM.Hit registry is♥♥♥♥♥♥Don't recommend until it is patched. If it is patched.Graphics look pretty average at ultra.Also the menus are cancer.
76561198104254385,Recommended,611500,34435265,Posted: 23 August,all,GermanMachine7,"I came for Quake, But I stayed for Doom Slayer.10/10"
,Recommended,611500,34645201,Posted: 31 August,all,Bakerteam,"*Puts on headphones, plays Quake**Gets Quad, pops B.J.'s duel wield, so 8x DMG? :D...gets Grinded from behind straight away*""♥♥♥♥ YOU""Wife: ARE YOU TALKING TO ME!!!!??10/10 would beat wife again for talking back."
76561197993464518,Recommended,611500,34518575,Posted: 26 August,all,Gabul,Awesome!
76561198031051105,Recommended,611500,34521920,Posted: 26 August,all,[A]gghh... 👌,fun la
,Recommended,611500,34517457,Posted: 26 August,all,Flat-Earth Scientist,I bought this for DOOM Guy.
,Recommended,611500,34526953,Posted: 27 August,all,OhFuqp,lightning gun is cancer
76561198023422425,Recommended,611500,34770309,Posted: 5 September,all,Lt_Disco,"I recommend this game because it's Quake at its core. But beware the performance and netcode issues of the early access release. I love this game but it's hard to keep playing with the performance problems that it faces. If there's any game that absolutely requires the eradication of microstutters and netcode issues, it's Quake. Having a crucial rocket or rail miss because the game stuttered at the exact wrong time is infuritating."
,Recommended,611500,34964963,Posted: 14 September,all,JaY2K,"Great ♥♥♥♥ing game and they keep making updates, good ole quake"
,Recommended,611500,34429862,Posted: 22 August,all,Powered by Tears ®,So far. So good! It's what a modern quake looks like. I'm digging it.
,Recommended,611500,34885002,Posted: 11 September,all,i208khonsu,"Was fortunate enough to be invited to play the game since CBT1. I love this game, and like every game I love I have a list of problems with it a mile long. However I'll try to keep it positive.The #1 thing I was really worried about before playing the game was if the game was going to move like Quake. Was I going to be able to strafe jump or even bunny hop, and personally I never liked how stiff/crisp vanilla Quake 3/Quake Live was; I like at least a tiny bit of air control. I was elated from the first moment I jumped in the game with Ranger. He's fast, he can strafe jump, and has a nice amount of air-control. There are a number of Quake Live players who have voiced their displeasure in the movement implementation, but I really like it. I'd relate the base movement to be more like Quake 2; however like every major Quake iteration the movement isn't exactly like anything which came before it when you really scrutinize the behavior.What's really piqued my interest in the movement with QChamps is the variety of movement found across different champions. While nothing is an exact facsimile of a previous Quake game, many characters have modifiers on their movement which mimic the styles of previous games and popular mods. This includes bunny hopping from Quake World, aircontrol from ProMode, and crouch sliding from Quake 4. I think it does a great job of giving fans of every Quake game a movement option they enjoy the most while giving a platform for all of us to play in at the same time; of course opinions here may differ. I also like how with the different champion abilities and attributes, it gives me reason to exercise styles of Quake I may not like as much and find myself playing all characters equally just to switch up the gameplay.I also have to say I really like the character development with the different champions. They all have entertaining personalities that I love or love to hate. Some may call these personalities cringe worthy or annoying at times, but to me it's all in good fun. If you're someone new coming in I think you'll find a champion which fits your style; however as of right now the new player experience is something that needs some work. The good news is that the development team has recognized this and is planning to enhance on boarding. Overall the dev team has been quite responsive to player feedback. (although I wish they would listen even more, especially my feedback. ^_^)Other than on-boarding, the other biggest issue the game faces is with its netcode. I personally haven't had major problems with it in recent weeks, but videos are still shared of hit registration failures. Personally while I feel some of my rockets should do more damage, I've never had a failed midair and I just chalk up everything else to my lack of skill, heh. Still, the netcode has gotten better little by little as updates are rolled out. Recently the devs have announced even bigger changes in about a month (including changes to hitbox design as requested by players) so we'll see how that continues to improve things.One final aspect I want to point out is the  difficulty in the game. While some things have gotten easier and changed from previous versions of Quake, it's still a difficult game and you need to understand the fundamentals of classic arena gameplay to be successful. It's also now important to manage your ability cool down as well as track and consider your opponent's ability too. To truly be successful you need to be adept at understanding all champions, this means being proficient at all styles of Quake movement and strategy on using the different abilities. There's a lot to learn and dig into with this game, that's a good thing, but don't expect this to be a game which you can run around and shoot at things casually to have a good time; you have to at least try a little bit."
,Recommended,611500,34738144,Posted: 4 September,all,[TGC] - BigCzech,"Probably the best fast paced futuristic FPS out there; it still has it's original feel from QII, QIII, et all but the visuals are amazing. This is a great upgrade."
,Recommended,611500,35165112,Posted: 23 September,all,Undertow,"A rush of adrenaline. Very addictive and statisfying once you learn how to use every champion's abilities to your advantage. The graphics and gameplay feel just right. Everything is very smooth, just like Quake should be. If you like Quake and fast paced classic arena fps, buy it immediately."
76561198158513081,Recommended,611500,34861612,Posted: 10 September,all,The Fucking Killertard Destroyer,If you are into fastpaced areana shooters this is the one for you.
,Recommended,611500,34439371,Posted: 23 August,all,[SoD] Karl,Top 1 FPSPure SkillHere you can taste the real essence of an FPS.
,Recommended,611500,34444159,Posted: 23 August,all,shady,The Best Classic Fast-Paced Arean Shooter Game Ever
,Recommended,611500,34425313,Posted: 22 August,all,matty,Fun arena shooter. I suck at it and get rekt a lot but its still fun.
,Recommended,611500,34449329,Posted: 23 August,all,Deepery,Simply said......Fast and Furious.
76561198007887337,Recommended,611500,34442768,Posted: 23 August,all,H3llra1ser,"A worthy Successor to Quake 3 Arena, buy it !"
,Recommended,611500,34977289,Posted: 15 September,all,Ludo237👽🤖,Quake is back
,Recommended,611500,34510526,Posted: 26 August,all,ShoupSelf,Quake
,Not Recommended,611500,34512737,Posted: 26 August,all,FuscusNight,"*TLDR*, here's a simple list of things to improve,fix and add to make this game get better :-A functional netcode so shots properly register as you see them on your screen-A fix for ruberbanding-A fix for Anarky's busted ADAD spam-Balance improvements for Anarky,Nyx and Sorlag so they're not the go to pick champions for more then half of playerbase-Actual decent splash damage for the rocket launcher just like it had in the older quakes-A matchmaking system which checks a person's accuracy and kdr and other stats so they can be put up againts people with similar skills.-Range and knockback nerf for LG-Bot support for custom games-Co-op mode where players go through a tournament brackets with friends or other strangers, fighting more and more difficult bots similar to Quake 3 arenas tiers, this would be a good way for newcomers to enjoy the game and still get rewards or just when you want something less stressfull to play [ofc seperate PVP and co-op stats].-A proper anti-cheat system with better report player functions-Lore being rewarded for playing said champions instead of it being an easter egg hunt-A way to turn off in-game text chat-Being able to buy shaders with shards-Seperating groups from solo quers in matchmaking, no more pub stomps of 4 quake pros or veterans ruening the match for a bunch of people going solo.______________________________________________________________Net code is the prime problem with the game atm. one of the many reasons being it uses too much UP speed for a online game, which creates horrible delays during some matches, people teleporting and shots not connecting. The higher your frame rate, the more upload speed it uses and there's no current fix but there's a way to slightly improve the issue by limiting your fps to 60 with this command in the launch option on steam ""--set /Config/CONFIG/maxFpsValue 60"" , you can enter any number, but the higher it is the more ping issues you're gonna have.The horrid networking problems are making it a royal pain to play in a lot of matches. Not having ruberbanding,having your hits properly connect and not teleporting randomly is vital to a competitive shooter to work and rise up in popularity, i just want the game to get better by hopefully having the devs notice the problem by leaving a  review that direclty talks about this issue.Same goes for the many other people complaing about this issue, we just want the game to get better by constantly pointing out this issue to the devs.It really blows my mind that older Quakes from back when we had horrid internet speeds had less issues then a new modern quake from 2017.Here's some examples of what me and others have been dealing with in every match when it comes to hit registration and server netcode :http://plays.tv/video/59aa6ea7b1fc9746d9/rockets-are-fix-they-say-,https://clips.twitch.tv/ReliablePlayfulOxMau5?tt_medium=clips_embed&tt_content=player_title,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjpjmXwSupwhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZndC_6Ru2jAhttps://giant.gfycat.com/AmusingGregariousHornedtoad.webmThere's also other issues than just the netcode, balance overall atm between heroes is horrendous to the point it's almost unplayable in some matches. One of them has a completely broken hitbox [Anarchy] which cannot be hit by rocket aoe from the floor due to his hoverboard acting weird with his hitbox and same goes for his hitboxes during horrible ADAD spam which every Anarki main does.Doom guy atm has some weird things happening with hit his registration too, often looks like he can soak up more damage then the heavy tier heroes even though said doom guy player did not pick up power armor or overhealed. Sorlag also needs some adjusting, her HP pool when she spawns and armor is a tad to high and her acid spit damage that eats your health per second needs to be reduced too, only good thing about fighting her is at least she's not a hard target to hit like the other two due to her pretty large size.There's also no skill based matchmaking, so enjoy being stuck with people who are way beyond your league, ofc. works the same way for you as you might end up in matches with people who are really,really inept at the game but then you're the a** making it a nightmare for them to have fun. All this does is scare away any newcomers to the game and annoy old quake players that just want decent matches.Save your money for the moment and wait and see if the game actually ever gets fixed, since all it is, is just an exercise in frustration with the problems it's suffering from.There's potentional for  this to be amazing and to even maybe bring a return in popularity for arena shooters if they just fix it."
,Not Recommended,611500,34782603,Posted: 6 September,all,Devin,Terrible
76561198343929985,Not Recommended,611500,34871373,Posted: 10 September,all,Pickle Rick,This game gets super ♥♥♥♥ing boring after like 5 hours of playtime. I really wouldn't recommend this game to anyone.
76561197970295062,Not Recommended,611500,34481343,Posted: 25 August,all,KheeL,its ok ... finding online matches (especially team matches) takes too long.PLEASE ADD training BOTS !!!
76561198242197914,Not Recommended,611500,34486394,Posted: 25 August,all,Jack,The games servers didnt even work stay away from this trash.Edit: The more fps you have the more you lag so people who disagree with this review have♥♥♥♥♥♥PCs
,Not Recommended,611500,34497086,Posted: 25 August,all,Inka,"Cant recommend if you live in australia or any other country with autismal internet, FPS is linked to upload rate. So you can either cap your fps and play at a beuatiful 20-30 fps, or play at about 60+ fps be unable to use any other weapon then the rocket launcher and rubber band all over the map.Will wait till this game is free."
76561198037546906,Not Recommended,611500,34824918,Posted: 8 September,all,dr.gonzo,gosh this is awful....
76561197981426193,Not Recommended,611500,34876226,Posted: 10 September,all,Drunk Monkey,"You play 1 match of whatever it happens to find 'available' for you then have to exit back to your home screen to buy paint jobs and hats and whatever other real world $ micro-transaction pants and helmets they plaster your screen with in this new sad world that online gaming has devolved into. Then reconnect to some other random server with a new group of players every single time you play a new round. (Is that what Console players deal with?!)  It doesnt feel like the Quake I remember.. there seems to be more focus on selling you hats and paintjobs than streamlined gameplay and keeping you in-game. Every single match you play is another opportunity for them to sell you another hat, paintjob, mask, boot, helmet, blah blah.  I'm also pretty sure the voiceover is done by the Arbys commercial guy, I keep expecting him to say ""We have the meats!"" and can't take it very seriously.  I hope the final product is better, because right now it barely feels like a demo - I would not recommend anyone pay for the product in its current state, and can almost see this as a free to play game with thier revenue stream coming from the micro-transactions, since that seems to be the most important aspect of the game."
,Not Recommended,611500,35210408,Posted: 25 September,all,net.cat,"The game is VERY unbalanced. not mentioning characters, 99% of weapons don't damage at all. Either you have rocket launcher or the lightning you are good, otherwise you can go with bare hands, it's the same. You encounter players who can shoot rockets like a machinegun (????) ... is cheat protection active? I'm not the skillest guy around, but it's really unbalanced with respect old Quake makeing the final product not funny at all. I really look forward for the final version to have a huge boost about cheating and weapons balancing. You can't even autoswitch the weapon when you pick one (it's an old fashion setting always appreaciated to have)."
,Not Recommended,611500,34538597,Posted: 27 August,all,nvz |,"Before you downvote or disagree with me, please take the time to read my short review below to understand from an arena shooter fan's point of view of this newly released game.Arena shooters have been in a rough patch the last 10 years.  Unreal Tournament 3 and Quake 4 came out pretty much back to back, both were eventually fixed by community mods and maps, but were both considered failures by casual and competitive gamers alike.  Fast forward a couple years and Quake Live comes out, and establishes a second wave of Quake 3 fame for a few years to come.  Some indie games such as reflex, Warsow, and Xonotic came out, but were short lived and didn't have much development support.  Unreal Tournament 4 Pre-Alpha came out, giving us a last chance hope for the genre and is pretty much abandoned by the developers over at Epic.So what's next?  Well we got Quake Champions.  Released in closed beta earlier this year, I can say that at first glance I didn't like the game.  I spilled about 50 hours in all during the beta phase so far, and as a Quake fan, I decided to purchase the Champion pack on steam.  This game is fun as a pub game to go in and shoot around/kill people, but it is nowhere near the competitive aspect of what previous Quake or Unreal titles provided us.  You may argue that the Quake World Championship which was held at Quakecon was the biggest Quake event yet, but the game is just being pushed far too fast in it's beta state.I want to like Quake Champions, but it really needs more time before being pushed.- Some ugly post processing can't be disabled, you still see the bloom in the sky which is hard on the eyes.- Visibility is pretty mediocre at best, I have a tough time seeing enemies between all of the explosions and sparks flying everywhere.- Poor performance in some areas.  I get around 200 FPS in some areas and in duel, but when the Quad is picked up or when heavy battles occur, it drops below 120, causing a lot of screen tearing in the process.  You can see that there needs to be some adjustments made to performance and visuals.-Some champions are pretty useless in competitive play.- Duel is the most popular competitive mode.  It's not as good as classic duel, but hey, it's the only thing we got, right?- No grenade launcher, we get a tri-bolt which is pretty ineffective in most situations.Give the game some time before buying it.  Right now, if you're a big quake fan, go for it.  If you're not a huge arena shooter fan or Quake fan, wait it out."
,Recommended,611500,34424589,Posted: 22 August,all,Heartlessphil,Dope game get it! quake is back baby!
76561197964859778,Not Recommended,611500,34638928,Posted: 31 August,all,grizzlykiller,"Stutters ruining the experience.Been like this since the beta, no fix in sight"
,Not Recommended,611500,34724012,Posted: 3 September,all,BangHaxxor,"[EN]No, no and noConstant lag.Very commercial aspect.Horrible interface.Horrible gameplay with some heroes who are 3 times faster than you and ♥♥♥♥ it without having time to aim. Since when have parts to unlock items in a game such as quake. It looks like a game out of the small studio.I asked for a refund. Because I meet the requirements for that. But do not buy this game.[FR]Non non et nonConstante lag.Aspect trés commercial.Interface horrible.Gameplay horrible avec certains héros qui sont 3 fois plus rapide que toi et le défonce sans avoir le temps de visé. Depuis quand faut avoir des pièces pour dévérouiller des items dans un jeu tel que quake. On dirait un jeu sorti des petits studio.J'ai d'ailleurs demandé un remboursement. Car je correspond aux conditions requises pour cela. Mais n'acheter pas ce jeu."
,Not Recommended,611500,35500168,Posted: 5 October,all,lit-deaf(no sound),there is only one good hero in this game the rest are trash and this game is ok if you are trash and need to be reminded of it
,Recommended,611500,34471442,Posted: 24 August,all,Slid,top meme
,Recommended,611500,34435873,Posted: 23 August,all,nik0,Few words to say DOOM Fokin Slayer!!Highly reccommend this game!
,Recommended,611500,34425321,Posted: 22 August,all,norcha,nice game
,Recommended,611500,35503115,Posted: 5 October,all,loxer,"I played many many fast paced first person shooters, including all quake titles so far. Except of Quake3 and QuakeLive, which was both basically the same game with kinda small differences, every Quake game was different and has it's own community. Quake Champions in a way combines many ideas from all these games (and new ideas, too) and using it to make something new, which is quite cool. You should just keep that in mind, but if you're not a hardcore fan of any particular quake game and you expected it to be more or less the same, you will be very satisfied with Quake Champions. It's really fun and interesting and you need different tactics to succeed.To put it all into a nutshell, if you're looking for a NEW quake game, than you're search is over! You got it! Especially as a dueler, I highly can recommend this game!And to all people complaining about the net-code or things they want to have into the game and thinking the devs showing their back, because they didn't implement it yet, I just want to say: Be patient - it's still a game in early access!!! Sometimes it feels like it's already a full and finished game, but it's not! So this is actually a good thing, keep that in mind! Devs working hard and publishing updates regularly with really good improvements!"
76561197967435006,Recommended,611500,35263276,Posted: 28 September,all,Hexploit,If u didn't play QUake you had ♥♥♥♥ed up childhood.
,Recommended,611500,34663366,Posted: 1 September,all,Quaadruple,Pretty boring game but it's fun.
,Recommended,611500,35099777,Posted: 21 September,all,(:,pew pew pew PEW PEW pew BOOOOM
76561198028942039,Not Recommended,611500,34494808,Posted: 25 August,all,setsunayaki,"I love Quake as a series and I remember my time with Quake 3 Arena. This is a game that the world needs right now, but not in its current condition. Even with my firewall and internet connection checked, I could not get into a match online. Even more frustrating is that this feels more like an attempt to make a Quake 3 Version of OverWatch.25 minutes and I was afraid I was going to go through another 25 minutes without entering an online match. Three minutes on the counter and I said ""forget it!"" When it takes me less time to queue a map in an MMORPG than it does in a FPS game, there is a serious problem.This game will be good once bugs are cleared,But its like a catch-22 considering people have to play to find the bugsand finding the bugs make people like me want to return this game.I am lucky I found out about Steam Refund Policies.Only stick to this game if you plan on acting like a BETA Tester and experiencing what a real test is......and notice you aren't getting paid for this.Once everything is cleared from this game, this game will be good.All QuakeCon did was make it harder for those not attending the event to actually play online."
,Not Recommended,611500,34470796,Posted: 24 August,all,TANGO ALPHA ROMEO,"It wasnt ready for early access ;w;looooong queue times, and poor graphics and preformancei'll probably rate it possitive after more fixes"
76561198111489690,Not Recommended,611500,34640028,Posted: 31 August,all,Tixo,great game as a core game ... but micro transaction everywhere ... micro transactions for every single thing. Forget about the old school quake 3 arena where everything was in the base game and you could skin everything your self and do whatever you want ...
,Not Recommended,611500,34577069,Posted: 29 August,all,Untamed Caviar,"A great game in the making, but wait for the full release. In its current state, it's simply too buggy for me to recommend."
,Not Recommended,611500,34746273,Posted: 4 September,all,-=]ES[=-Heavy D [BOoOM],This game not working
76561198070750997,Not Recommended,611500,34739360,Posted: 4 September,all,Genuinely Dead,"Summorizing this game:This Game is really nothing, it's very microtransaction-ish, It looks a lot like its gonna become Free-to-Play. The aim some of the people I played with have is really questionable at times, and its really not worth your money/timethat was about all I have to say about this"
,Not Recommended,611500,35101492,Posted: 21 September,all,Baron,Has the potential to be a great game but the champions are unbalanced to the point at which if one is picked against you the game ceases to be enjoyable. If id can be bothered balancing the game I'll edit this review but until then I'm uninstalling.
,Not Recommended,611500,34503335,Posted: 26 August,all,Bigdick69ercoolguy420weedbong,Refunding and waiting to see if the AUS servers get any better. Most games you get into are already started and almost impossible to move from spawn without dying repeatedly. Will be interested to see how this game develops. Currently not worth my time or money.
76561197987660364,Not Recommended,611500,34949304,Posted: 14 September,all,Хыщ ЫБА,♥♥♥♥ing anarku must be removed.
,Not Recommended,611500,34590679,Posted: 29 August,all,ShaLLByte,The lag is like you are playing on a 56k modem back in 1998. Playing in 1080p on min settings with an 80Mbit connection its just bad. The netcode is the worst I have seen in an multiplayer FPS game in 20 years of gaming. There is also something else about the engine that causes stuttering. I played in the 1-4 weekend closed betas and it seemed pretty good back netcode wise. Then they updated the game and it all went crap. Check the forums so many posts about it. Something very wrong with the game they dont know how to fix.ProsWell its quake it is a good blastGraphics are pretty niceNice and goryCustomisation options are coolNice features about lore and achivements to collectConsSound is terrible. No idea someone is walking behind you to gauntlet you in the back even with headphones on.Netcode is dredful. Worst multiplayer game ive played netcode wise. The hitreg is horrid.Champion balance is broken - quake used to be about skillHit reg is offMaybe it plays well on a LAN but since you cant do games against bots its hard to tell.
,Not Recommended,611500,34700918,Posted: 2 September,all,The Berg,its alright but personaly I wouldnt come back to it
,Not Recommended,611500,34818609,Posted: 8 September,all,pppp,Horrible netcode and optimization
,Not Recommended,611500,34961139,Posted: 14 September,all,Resurrect,make the ♥♥♥♥ing guns shoot faster.
76561198174209683,Not Recommended,611500,34515971,Posted: 26 August,all,KillSwitch69,"I will update my review when this is fixed, but I can't even open the game to play. I click to play then I get a black screen and then it crashes and sent back to desktop. I've ran as administrator and everything else and doesnt work still. Save your money till this is fixed. PLEASE UPDATE THIS GAME SO I CAN PLAY"
,Recommended,611500,34527679,Posted: 27 August,all,Harvey,Beschte
76561198093758567,Recommended,611500,34425337,Posted: 22 August,all,Hawkman,me likey
,Not Recommended,611500,34468670,Posted: 24 August,all,<JJJ>,"Do not get this game is you are expecting to experience the good old Quake experience.The game looks amazing but i'm having a lot of problems with the game not running smooth. I mean i'm getting around 250 FPS.. In my opinion if you are playing an Arena shooter the gameplay must be so smooth you almost feel like you're in the game, and actually controlling the character. People who have played Q3A, Counter-strike and other classics know what i am talking about.I had nothing of this experience in this game because the game is just not optimized. If the developers are deciding to update the game and fix their problems i'm willing to edit this review.In Quake Champions you are able to choose from various champions to play with with either their own special skill and stats. For example, one champion can teleport each 30 seconds, and have extra or less health, armour or speed.There are also loot boxes in this game which grant you with special weapon and champion skins. It's a cool idea, but almost every other FPS game nowadays has this feature.I am not recommending this game as a fan of the original Quake games because i am really missing the smooth fast-paced action Quake is known about."
76561198027075737,Recommended,611500,34463971,Posted: 24 August,all,kubix,"Reinvented version of Quake.- If you are seeking for instantaneous gratification on a game, THEN DON'T BUY THIS GAME and go play any other massively played game for dummies. There are plenty of them nowadays.- If you are not willing to die thousands of times before getting used with the basics of the game, THEN DON'T BUY THIS GAME. It actually requires skill to take down your opponents in Quake. There is no such thing as ""one-lucky-bullet"" headshots in here.- If you don't want to spend hours learning the basics of movement and aiming, THEN DON'T BUY THIS GAME. Even though you may be good at other FPS titles, this is a fast-paced FPS. You will be at disadvantage until you get to move fluently, learn basic movements such as strafe jumping, circle jumping or nail jumping and get better at aim tracking.- If you don't expect getting rekt from time to time, THEN DON'T BUY THIS GAME. Someday you'll come across someone who will beat you miserably. This game's got an ultra high skill cap, so they are likely not to be hackers, but just guys playing Quake for 20 years. Apart from all of that, I can tell how satisfying and fun is to play Quake against people of your same skill level.- If you don't have a decent mouse as well as a mousepad, THEN DON'T BUY THIS GAME. Go to play League of Legends or Minecraft instead, because it's unlikely that you'll frag someone here.- If you are looking for a perfectly polished product, THEN DON'T BUY THIS GAME by now. At its current state, it still needs a lot of fixes, but they are coming path after path. It seems devs have started to listen to the community: CTF will be added and Sacrifice will be hopefully dropped, netcode issues are already addressed, MM should be implemented soon, a lot of new content as well as tutorials for the newcomers have been created... Bear in mind this game is in early access right now, so expect some bugs and bad performance from time to time.- If I didn't discourage you to not buy Quake Champions, THEN BUY THIS GAME and start fragging like it was 1999!"
,Recommended,611500,34423033,Posted: 22 August,all,all brain no aim,best game i have ever played
,Not Recommended,611500,35164281,Posted: 23 September,all,Dean Deax Nuphin,"Disclaimer: writing review as a bad player.I knew what i was getting into, but mm is simply unfair and puts u against ppl who play Quake for like 20 years, and there is no way to improve while being stomped. Game is awesome, though. Still not recommending until they make fair mm."
76561198051205833,Not Recommended,611500,34666719,Posted: 1 September,all,Superlunden,Unplayable game until lag and network problems is fixed. Anoying as♥♥♥♥♥
76561198031408793,Not Recommended,611500,34551282,Posted: 28 August,all,The Rotten King,just gonna start this with what you probobly want to hear.prosbloody and fast paced (feels like wuake shouldlevels look greatnew champions are a nice twist on the formulaconstakes an everage of 3.5 minutes to find a game with no guarentee it will start taking up to 10 to 15 minutes to find a matchhonestly this loot drop style buy packs of cases buisness is getting pretty old already.  this might be a pretty personal gripe but i would prefer them to spend more time working on the actual game and less time making sure they find a way to get my money. it just seems like there priorities are a bit outta wack for this game. i did return this game as i really dont need another semi generic shooter that just left me feeling like i didnt get what i paid for. This game feels like it should be free to play with the way its structured. so basically for $30.00 you get all champions and thats it. in a market thats becoming saturated with fantastic cheap too free fps shooters they may want to reconsider how they price this game especially if they plan on increasing the price later on.all and all i do not recommend this game to anyone who is not a die hard quake fan
,Not Recommended,611500,34638976,Posted: 31 August,all,Lgn,The netcode of this game is made by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ monkey. Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥until it's fixed.
76561198101222674,Not Recommended,611500,34738082,Posted: 4 September,all,Amenra,You could pirate this game and it still wouldn't be worth it.
76561198015965975,Not Recommended,611500,34504582,Posted: 26 August,all,***Bosshog***,Loaded it up...looking forward to getting my frag on.  Join queue for a match. Gave up after 10 mins.  Refunded. Will check up on it again once its FTP and has people playing.
,Not Recommended,611500,35251673,Posted: 27 September,all,MonsterGir,"Terrible balance, half the roster is not worth using. Plus, for a game with a rank system, you'd think they'd use it to match newer players with other newer players and not pepper them in with high-skill people that'll immediately discourage them."
,Not Recommended,611500,34465219,Posted: 24 August,all,[CM]Buzzkill,"This game answers the question:  What would happen if we combined the worst parts of Overwatch with the worst parts of Quake Live?Nothing says fast gameplay like a ""click here to respawn"" button ... ID is dead."
,Not Recommended,611500,34911981,Posted: 12 September,all,idontlikecats,GAME IS BROKE AS♥♥♥♥♥♥NOT NOOB FRIENDLY IF YOU LIKE ANAL PLAY THIS THIS SORLAG CHARECTER WILL BE HAPPY TO SPIT HIS SPIT IN YOUR BUNG HOLE AND PUT A MISSLE 10 FEET INTO YOU ALS THERE IS THIS LIGHTNING GUN THAT EVERYONE AND THERE ♥♥♥♥ING MOTHER LOVES YEAH AND ALSO THEY HAVE BACKPACKS THAT DONT GIVE YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥FOR THE CHARECTER THAT YOU WANT BECAUSE GAME BROKE YO EAT A♥♥♥♥♥♥DONT @ ME
76561198416172670,Not Recommended,611500,35100100,Posted: 21 September,all,moorktv,"Completely bugged, nothing gets fixed, things get even worse after very unfrequent patches. Early access to grab some money imo."
,Not Recommended,611500,34439472,Posted: 23 August,all,electric jesus,A casual Quake spin-off with broken netcode and lots of paid skins.
,Recommended,611500,34425411,Posted: 22 August,all,XeviaN,Quake 3 Arena on steroids. Awesome.
76561197999699531,Not Recommended,611500,34481071,Posted: 25 August,all,✠☆★ĦĪGĦĿÂИÐ★☆,"Requires you to create an account, not sure why this is mandatory, highly annoying.Password can not contain any of the !@#$%^&*() signs, not because it gives a warning, no, the password field does not allow you to enter these characters...... Also mandatory uppercase/lowercase/numbers/etc is just stupid.... Took me half an hour to get this game started."
76561197963401254,Not Recommended,611500,34674796,Posted: 1 September,all,A Good Pun,"Do not buy this game.The netcode makes it basically unplayable. Hopefully the developers can fix this, but word from closed beta is it's been going on for months. I hope I get to edit this review one day, after they've fixed it, but my hopes are low. Quake 3 Arena started my love of the FPS, but this is a horrible implementation."
76561197970979841,Not Recommended,611500,35007962,Posted: 16 September,all,{OTD}JeStErSG,Holy HACK FEST!!!!!!!!
76561198015738505,Not Recommended,611500,34468485,Posted: 24 August,all,Beherrscher,well can't give this a yes yet because it will not work for me .. just black screen then crash every single time.. alot of people are having this same problem. I would wait until this is fixed before purchasing or just wait till after early access.
,Not Recommended,611500,34435978,Posted: 23 August,all,Redhotjets,"Can't even join a server, errors here, errors there. Literally unplayable.To have a game actually working properly without game breaking bugs is really too much to ask in 2017."
76561197962597998,Not Recommended,611500,34536619,Posted: 27 August,all,RuffPlays,Honestly - I think the Doom multiplayer is better. (Old Unreal Tournament player here)
76561198026157351,Not Recommended,611500,34463383,Posted: 24 August,all,Turbo,"The game freeze all the time. The game always disconsolate. Ping 30 - 500!!!!internet ADSL:DOWNLOAD - 10 mbpsUPLOAD 0.512 MbpsOverwatch no problem, Starcraft 2 no problem, Doom no problem, Quake live no problem, Liga of legends no problem !!!Return my money or fix the problem!Купил игру за 30$  и не могу в неё играть!Она все время вылетает. Каждую игру ошибка и вылет..За что я заплатил деньги? Разрабы не шевелятся. Эта проблема уже длится не один месяц. Они ничего не делают.У меня идут без проблем другие игры."
,Not Recommended,611500,34552507,Posted: 28 August,all,CrusaderPie,"Bought this game, installed it and it just loads up a black screen and then closes itself. The game doesn't work. Any ""fixes"" i've seen online don't work. I'm refunding this game as soon as I finish writing this review.0/10 - Won't even load"
,Not Recommended,611500,35275573,Posted: 28 September,all,Keishin,1070GTX8Gb RamCannot play on ultra settings.Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me?for that alone a thumb down. jesus christ.
76561197973144977,Not Recommended,611500,34567740,Posted: 28 August,all,Phosis,"Huge Quake fan here, I lived in Q3 in high school back in the day. But I'm waiting for single player to pratice up and learn the maps--this is impossible to do when I'm getting fragged like the newb that I am every 10 seconds. I hope I can recommend this game once it's more developed, right now I cannot"
,Not Recommended,611500,34674664,Posted: 1 September,all,LomasReaper,"I don't know if I'm just bad at games, or if Quake Champions is intentionally ♥♥♥♥ing with me, but the spawns in this game were absolutely terrible. I had many matches where I would spawn in the middle of several enemy players with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ starter weapon and get killed almost instantly. So much, that I just rage quitted and uninstalled. Maybe this is what I get for getting early access.Do not reccomend. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hitboxes, lag for no reason, no matchmaking, and small choice of maps. Will try again when full version releases, but as of right now, not a fan."
,Not Recommended,611500,34431998,Posted: 23 August,all,coconut,I haven't been able to play a single match yet. All this effort to turn multiplayer into a virtual casino with skins and yet they can't even get matchmaking right.Might rebuy when this game 1. works 2. has at least some semblance of an active community.
76561198261716640,Not Recommended,611500,34726974,Posted: 3 September,all,chewbaccahunter,"choppy gameplay. I was expecting something like Doom, but it was far from it. uninstalled after 30 mins of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,611500,34425422,Posted: 22 August,all,Plok,"DO NOT buy into Early Access expecting a main entry in the Quake franchise.Go ahead if you just want to play an AAA deathmatch-focused game or wait for f2p.Everything about this game screams f2p right as you enter the main menu. You might even end up on the store page to purchase different champions after your first click. Nothing wrong about that at all.This is Bethesda & id jumping on the e-sports wagon:1m$ tournament? ☑️ Lootboxes? ☑️ Commentators with ties? ☑️ Trying to appeal to a new playerbase? ☑️They've got a set of Mortal Kombat players to commentate their newest stroke of genius: a round-based duel mode with enough downtimes to talk about sick rails or hard reads, showcasing their insane instant-replay technology,while players are bored out of their mind.You're playing BO5 rounds where you pick 3 different champions each time a new round begins.So you only have 3 lives per round. Doesn't sound like much in a game of Quake, right? Turns out it can take up to 15 minutes per round for one party to die three times,if you're just playing for fun the whole BO5 can be over in 3 minutes and it's back to the main menu.Everything in this game is designed to slow down the pace. The standard FOV is set to such a high number to give you an illusion of speed, it's ridiculous.Capped speed, weapon balance, abilities, almost worthless pick-ups, armor system.All these aspects impact the pace of the game in a negative way and the developers won't stray from their ideas in a meaningful matter, even after months of feedback.Worst offender was increased railgun damage while being zoomed-in. You could oneshot freshly spawned players with a flick of the wrist. After numerous outcries it's still ingame, but severely nerfed.Instead of scrapping it completely, we had to deal with numerous iterations of a crappy mechanic until we've got this almost useless one.Even the heaviest champion, fully loaded, is squishier than in Quake Live, but damage output hasn't been reduced accordingly PLUS you have to deal with all those damaging abilities, which range from ~50-~140 to oneshot.You can't stack armor higher than the base-cap for the individual champions without picking heavy armor (aka red armor).-Overcharged hp+armor even ticks down faster for lighter champs, which negates a whole megahealth after around 20s-It isn't even worth the risk going for it, if it means taking a railgun shot in exchange.In QL you could bully yourself through the defensive means of your opponent, paying some health on your way in.In QC one railgun hit puts you on the brink of death for most champions. Time to toggle +sneak and stack up again for the next exchange.I almost forgot to mention the three starting weapons MG, shotgun and nailgun. Two of those are utterly useless and the other one far too strong.God have mercy if you happen to come across Sorlag in close quarters. Say goodbye to your champion for that round.Counterplaying abilities in this game is all about being as far away as possible, while railwhoring like a mofo. (This is still mostly about duel. FFA Deathmatch behaves like it should and is quite enjoyable imo. TDM lost some mechanics, which made it more than just FFA with teams. Have fun dodging a 4man gank-squad decked out with every weapon thanks to some wonderful matchmaking.)They tried to make it less snowbally and noob-friendly with their round system, but if your opponent is better you're getting crushed even faster than before. Depending on the caliber of opponent your waiting time might be longer than the game.I enjoyed long-winded comebacks in the past. Those are gone with this system.Comebacks are still possible, but they just lead to one round win. I don't know if you can even call anything in this game a comeback when you almost always present a challenge to your opponent, due to the combination of strong weapons, abilities and low max HP.Almost every move has risk attached to it, because you can be blown up in an instant. Volatility is the keyword here.You will win and lose rounds based on really small decisions, which doesn't feel fair&good to me. Low TTK is inherently less skillful.That's something I learned in the past few years and I've strayed from hardcore modes in FPS since then.This leads to such a defensive game. Removing champions in duel alone would go a long way. They already promised a classic mode and here's to hoping it'll replace the current abomination in the next months. Viewership is already plummeting.No need to talk about the new 4on4 mode Sacrifice. It's the equivalent of having Hostage Rescue as the main mode in CS. Not necessarily from a gameplay perspective, but it's unfitness as a pleasurable viewing experience.Luckily they are working on CTF which might work quite well with all those different champions, but I doubt Duel will not be dominated by a set of meta-picks. Fan of Visor like myself? Get out of here.They changed one of the worst champions to the best within one patch, but already reverted it. Making the beefiest champion also the fastest says a lot about their balancing team and don't forget the release version of BJ with his insane amount of stopping power, melting everything in his path with the press of one button.Make sure to shell out the 5€ every two months for the newest, broken champion or pay 30€ upfront. Powercreep galore.Performance and netcode are still being worked on with Vulkan support on the horizon.Hiccups in that regard I can understand and endure, but having huge flaws in the basic philosophy of Quake.. that's a totally different beast._______________EA specifics:- Continuous play boots you back to the menus and you have to endure every loading screen again instead of staying ""ingame""- Performance still hit&miss- New maps don't feel as good as the old ones (yet)- Queue times average 3-4 minutes for TDM+Sac- Lore items drop 1 time per gameTL;DR:- Stripped down game- No bots/offline support- No CA/CTF- No grenade launcher- No customizable HUD- No demos- Questionable design decisions- Health system- Zoom damage- Low speed- Unbalanced- Wonky hitboxes/hitreg- Cheap kills- Mediocre performance+ New Quake+ Combined movement styles (CPMA/Q4 slide)- Specific champions only+ CTF confirmed to replace Sacrifice with enough demand+ 10 frags quadrun feels as good as ever"
,Not Recommended,611500,34431733,Posted: 23 August,all,HyperNewbie,"I'm a veteran Quake Live player.The audio in this game is completely unacceptable of any professional standard. I suggest having the people who made the audio assets go back to college and get professional audio training.Devs, if you are reading this review, read this: Audio. Needs. To. Be. Redone. From the ground. Reconcept, new ideas.Everything else is a bit below mediocre, not bad at all, but ""good"" is not what I'd call anything. There are good ideas but those good ones are pretty much double negated by the not so good ideas. Visual design sucks really bad, a lot of visual and audio clutter means you have no idea what is happening. Netcode needs improvement, it really sucks right now.Core gameplay is o.k. but doesn't really strike me in as a AAA title in quality, more like a....well...free to play game. Gulp.I will give thumbs up if visual clarity is improved and sound is completely redone."
,Not Recommended,611500,34520898,Posted: 26 August,all,APen | DiddlyDead,"Don't know if this was a personal issue or a wide one but, game would not load. Luanches with a black screen with nothing else. Refund requested and leaving this behind me."
,Not Recommended,611500,34588878,Posted: 29 August,all,Megalodon,Paid for the early access bundle and cant find any online matches.Really sad. Asked for Refund.
76561197960937401,Not Recommended,611500,34429559,Posted: 22 August,all,xixspiderxix,"Overview:2.8 HOURS PLAYED.   What does this mean?  I played in one friends game, and one open world game.  After that, nothing but NETWORK TIMEOUT for 2.3 of those HOURS. Voice Chat doesn't work. I bought 5000 coins only to find out that was good for 3 skins and some flags.Right Now:I would not recommend this game right nowa bunch of things they have not tested made itto prod and now it's unplayable.Open to Developers/ID/Bethesda:We had beta for a reason guys, you get our money finally and just change what was actually doing good?Please use the money you get to setup a CDN for your servers.  I know it's $$$ but for the loveof god just do it.  it will pay for it's self with satisfied customers.  The need to select a server is great for the year 2000but bandwidth has changed, graphics have changed.  I'm going to guess that you could setup a CDN to host it all in one location and remove your other data centers and you are then saving money.Future:They will fix some things, ill keep playing (if we can get past this NETWORK TIMEOUT) issue."
,Not Recommended,611500,34432703,Posted: 23 August,all,LucyTheSuccubus,"Ah! The good old times. Who doesn't remember those oldschool Quake 3 or Unreal Tournament times?Right, most modern gamers.This is a early access review which means the game can still change. Also I didn't even reach 2 hours of playtime. This is because I want to refund the game. I only bought it to try it out. It is a shame that they released this game behind a paywall at early access launch. Really, really BAD. The game will have enough troubles getting players but this doesn't help. Also the game is overpriced. Everything above 20 Euro for all heroes is money milking. The best thing, it will actually be 40 Euro at full launch. Seriously? The EA Ranger Skin is NOT worth it. Bad design.Now hold on. I don't want this to be a pure ""hate everything that is modern"" review. Many people just hate on every little aspect of the game in the reviews. I don't recommend the game for people who expect a new Quake 3 or Unreal Tournament, that doesn't mean it is a bad game, not at all. I always was more of Unreal Tournament fan, just saying.The speed and gameplay of the game is fast compared to other modern shooters. Even strafe jumping and bunny hopping is there. BUT, it doesn't feel as fast or good as it once was. I often feel like a guy with metal shoes on his feet. Really, it just feels so odd. Like I am running around with a guy in a power armor. This might just be me, but still.The weapons feel quite good, except the spawning machine gun variant. This thing is awful and why giving someone that spawns such an disadvantage? You often get killed just because of that. You can't make your way to a more powerful weapon. Bad game design, really.There are heroes, similar to Overwatch. Not that much different in playstyle though. They all look beautiful and are well voiced. Also some familiar faces will be seen. The difference between them are relatively minor but still exciting. Some move a bit faster than others, have a bit more or less spawning health, more or less armor and also a unique skill like moving fast for a short time or using 2 guns. I liked this, really! Best part of the game so far.The maps feel typically Quakish and are well designed. No complains here.The graphics of the game are ""meh"" and I think even UT3 looked nearly better, which came out in 2007. However, they are not bad. They fit to the game and also the performance is really well optimized. My rig could easily pull far over 60 FPS on maximum ultra settings. (i7 6700K, GTX 970, 16GB Ram)Guess they went with this because of the F2P aspect.The soundtrack is disappointing. Quake 3 had a better one. But honestly I always prefered Unreal Tournaments soundtrack anyway.To this you can add all this modern nonsense like level ups, competitive, ranking, stats, matchmaking, skins and so on. I am not really a fan of this. I miss the good old server browser days. Plus if you suck at the game, it is really frustrating because you can look at your player stats with more deaths than kills forever and level up slower or get ranked lower. Already now I faced quite a few players who really were too good for the majority of the players. It is no fun getting killed all the time and seeing someone with 30 kills and 1 death. Not at all. The thing is, that happened twice so it is not that uncommon. I guess those players played the game in the beta already or are just lifeless 24/7 players. Oh, and don't forget to play daily/weekly because if you don't you get unranked! Tss, who the hell invented this crap? I really miss the good old times where you just joined a game server randomly once a week and had fun. This is no longer the case with modern competitive games. I don't know why it came to this and modern kids seem to like it. Of couse this is just an assumption of how it is. I don't know how the ranking system works because I didn't have enough time to try it out. Its sad that games from today need this modern stuff to stay relevant. Guess the majority of gamers are fastly bored by games.The game also needs a Bethesda account, which isn't a problem in my eyes. At least you don't need the Bethesda launcher anymore.So my final verdict?The game really tries hard to be Quake but doesn't exactly live up to it's name. It can be a good game if you are into modern MP games and wan't a slight taste of oldschool arena FPS games plus all the modern ""fancy"" quirks like ranking and the hell knows what else. If you look for the oldschool FPS experience, you won't find it here. Go and wait for Unreal Tournament or buy DUSK. Also the game is supposed to be F2P but paying 40 Euro just to get access to all heroes and more ways to play the game, is a shame. Yes, I read you can unlock it with lootboxes or buy them seperately but this is even more expensive in the long run. Only being limited to the Ranger is really a bad way to play the game, especially since the heroes are all so well executed and charming.If Steam would add a button between Yes and No, I would use this instead but since it is only a Yes and No, I go with the No for my own personal reasons. I hope this review was more than just hate. It is not supposed to be. Ok, except maybe the part about ranking, etc. Sorry, just not a fan of all this stuff and I know there are more like me. The review is supposed to be read by those type of players. And of course, would have liked to test it longer but thanks to the 2 hour trial limit for refunds I couldn't. This game is not worth 30 Euro for me. Maybe I come back to the game when its F2P, probably not."
,Not Recommended,611500,34553446,Posted: 28 August,all,;MasterLooser,"was never a huge fan of arena shooters, but the fact that some chars are capable of tanking 4 rockets to the body, while u take like 2 splash hits and die is kinda gamebreaking to me"
76561198150931046,Recommended,611500,34546822,Posted: 28 August,all,snowstorm125,"it's quake need to have really good connection because the netcode is a bit wonky but game is good like old school quake with added guest characters like doom guy and William ""B.J."" Blazkowicz from castle wolfenstein.need good pc becasue you want over 60 fps for this gamemy pc spec is I7 quad core 3.20GB hyper threadingGTX 970 4 gig or 3.5 gig lolddr3 ram 16 gigand i can't max the game out you want a least a 100 fps max mine drops to 80 fps at high settings so need better video card than gtx 970 if you want to play max settings  and stay at a solid 100 fpsthe bad stuff for me is there are loot drops :(  6/10"
76561197983072817,Not Recommended,611500,34516908,Posted: 26 August,all,Benny,F2P crap
,Not Recommended,611500,34458342,Posted: 24 August,all,killer402402,dont buy if you liked any thing about arena shooters this is not a arena shooter its a moba with some arena paint the core point of the game is heroes with abilities and different stats if you look at any ARENA SHOOTER you will know its more focused on the arena an the flow in the arena not who has what ability every map has barely and flow its a mess of corridors and tight corners and♥♥♥♥♥♥out the♥♥♥♥♥to get hanged up on if they took a few seconds to realise that and not pander the noobs as well as take the quake live approach to the game they could have something good but they didnt they ♥♥♥♥ed up bad game keep your money also netcode what is that not like they had multiple betas to fix it
76561197970918619,Not Recommended,611500,34487819,Posted: 25 August,all,Tristessa,Not as engaging or fun as Overwatch. Not as simple and impactful as Doom multiplayer. A true disappointment.
,Not Recommended,611500,34429828,Posted: 22 August,all,Squib,"Can't get into a game, spent 10 minutes in queue for one, despite allowing connection to all servers."
,Not Recommended,611500,34616746,Posted: 30 August,all,ClaudiuColtelu,"This game is an offense to its predecessors, quake, quake III arena, live etc.;You have to choose ""an hero""...BUT IT'S AN FPS ARENA OR A MOBA?!Some heroes have more life, others more shield...but WHY?! The characters have to be all the same, for example...You start a deathmatch, all players start with 100 life, 50 shield e in the map there are all weapons at to take.Loads are too long.R.I.P. Quake"
,Not Recommended,611500,34539324,Posted: 27 August,all,]NG[NME,"Absoulutely do not waste your money on this game. I know it's early access but many of the problems that they have, Bethesda refuses to address. First the netcode is terrible and leads to massive rubberbanding. Second is there is no match making at all so if you are new or not very good plan on just dying all the time.THIRD and most importantly, the cheting is rampant in this game. I know this is a common cry for Quake ""noobs"" but been playing the game since the first. Just was never very good. But constantly seeing crazy shredding mid air with 180 degree trwists to shed another player with Lightning gun all in an instant. I have been playing long enough to know the difference between good twitch players and cheats!!!!"
76561198030722533,Not Recommended,611500,34593555,Posted: 29 August,all,Gutwrat,"i log in i see ♥♥♥♥♥♥ interface and funny classes. i see map like unreal tournament. i see special abilitiy and i see lots of rewards, runes, chests and other nonhardcore nonquake nonsense.might be nice for some people who like a random shooter which has a little to do with quake but it´s just not worth the money. there´s better f2p out there.the only great about the game is that you cannot slide on the ground.graphics are lame, i was expecting something breathtaking but this is just what i see every day."
,Not Recommended,611500,34541094,Posted: 27 August,all,Ravenous,Doesn't work. I cant create an account.
76561198039908147,Not Recommended,611500,34468926,Posted: 24 August,all,yerInsane,"Feels like a F2P game, should be a F2P.Refunded, will wait until it becomes cheaper or F2P."
,Not Recommended,611500,34479790,Posted: 25 August,all,^6GRANTMASTER^7flsh,WHY IS IT CALLED QUAKE?!
,Not Recommended,611500,34624385,Posted: 30 August,all,Aejus,"This game was a disappointment.I had hoped for classic quake action like I had remembered, but it's not. It has been reduced to spawn, die every two seconds, repeat.But isn't this normal in a twitch shooter? Absolutely. But there's nothing in it that makes it fun. Classic quake was satisfying, but THIS game isn't.This is because it has nothing seperating it from any other modern shooter, so it's just about as bland and dissatisfying as anytihng else being churned out these days.If you want a twitch shooter, get the old quake games. If you want a modern twitch shooter, get call of duty.If you want THIS game, I would HIGHLY advise waiting a year and getting it on sale when the playerbase has migrated to the new CoD."
76561197971219003,Not Recommended,611500,34665136,Posted: 1 September,all,Murasaki,Worst quake game to ever been conceived.Classes and abilities ruin everything that is quake.Let's hope they add a classic mode soon.
,Not Recommended,611500,34770570,Posted: 5 September,all,King_Destrukto,"This game sucks, just an overwatch ripoff.Each character has different stats, so everyone just plays the same 2 champions (One has way more health, the other has movement advantages over everyone else)1 gun is superior to all others in 95% of combat situations (lightning gun).I'm probably going to stick with it though, cause I can't get a decent ping on Q3A anymore."
76561198141983663,Not Recommended,611500,34429974,Posted: 22 August,all,kotaiviktor117,"This stutters and lags badly. No matter what you do. Can't believe that it is the same ID Software which already perfected the MP code and dynamics in the fantastic Doom, especially after latest Patch, well this is far away in optimization, net code and overall fluidity. Really disappointed."
76561198006780708,Not Recommended,611500,35195667,Posted: 24 September,all,Digital Zinck,This game sucks
,Not Recommended,611500,34517261,Posted: 26 August,all,VolkNasty,Levels are aweful. Weapons are horid. Frame rates are great pushing over 180fps.
76561198328574417,Not Recommended,611500,35118523,Posted: 21 September,all,Op1,"THis is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ggame, they wouldnt even give me a refund an i barley even played it twice. ♥♥♥♥ that steam!"
,Not Recommended,611500,34424300,Posted: 22 August,all,mзdve a maci,"- can only find duel- new maps are boring- still no matchmaking based on rank- rail goes through as usually- no customisable hud- no crosshair customisation- no weapon model position customisation- skins are overpriced...but not as overpriced as the game- still no proper tutorial (let me guess there wont be a strafejump tutorial either)- no brightskin - not even force teamcolour- no competition besides duel cups- maps are not suitalbe for sacrifice at all. just hire cityy.- useless spikes and edges that slows you down on dm6. the doors in general are rather small if you ask me. some of the maps are suffering with ratio/size issues.wtf is this garbage?where is our ctf?why does syncerror still have a job?what is zero4 actually doing?my favourite part is when i meet a guy in a teamgame, and have no idea if he is in my team or an enemy player. but no problem, we just watch eachother for 3 seconds and going to wait until the arrow indicator appears."
76561197993800212,Not Recommended,611500,34548803,Posted: 28 August,all,Trauma Center,Don't care about any of the characters they're all boring.
76561198051710215,Not Recommended,611500,34614239,Posted: 30 August,all,elhmiw,google x22 Quake and enjoy this new hack feast.no wonder bethesda rating dwindled now just a small studio ... failuer after another
,Not Recommended,611500,34430671,Posted: 22 August,all,gamerstu,"Another brand with an image problem common with Bethesda acquisitions. This is not the Quake I remember. Some characters and levels are frustrating and inconsistent with the Quake universe if there even is one at all. Cliche monetary system. Paying for a game and not getting the full content for it is like getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bethesda knows it and doesn't care. Performance-based progress means playing solo is a second class experience. Terrible, boring music that's antithetical to the fast-paced gameplay. Lacks CTF. Looks gorgeous but executed terribly."
76561197961517049,Not Recommended,611500,34537525,Posted: 27 August,all,The_Rapt0R,"To make this brief. I tried it for like an hour, and -being a huge fan of the original series- requested a refund. This is made for younger audiences and has imo nothing to do with the shooters I fell in love with in my youth. Also, having purchased this, I'm strictly against in-game store cr4p and pay2win of any kind. Don't like the heroes concept, also.1/10 for gfx. still, cannot recommend."
76561198056039320,Not Recommended,611500,34557217,Posted: 28 August,all,BLACKTEARSRED,the game is slow boring and not an arena shooter. hit detection is non existetent. splash dammage is a slight pat on the cheek. the game is a slow boring mess. as bieng some one who played unreal this game is an insult to the arena shooter genre. first quake live and now this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ attempt at a hero shooter.  save your money for unreal tornament 4 when it comes out.
76561198028392027,Not Recommended,611500,34428512,Posted: 22 August,all,Robzilla,"Why this game blows.1. It's impossible to find a game.2. terrible progression system that encourages players to spend more money on the game they bought. Back in the day you just picked a skin you liked. now you have to gamble with real money to get them.3. No right click alt-fire for weapons. Have they even played an arena shooter? Good god4. stupid hero system with abilities. Doesnt belong in arena shooters.5. Downright awful amount of maps/charactors. UT2004 had more than quadruple what this has on launch in every aspect.6. Less than 1,000 players alredyI want to play a new arena shooter, but no one has made one yet. Just this overwatch style trash Like lawbreakers. I hope the new unreal tournament doesnt screw up this bad."
,Not Recommended,611500,35188342,Posted: 24 September,all,Azariz,"after playing for so long, i like to ask for a refund, it was totally not worth it XDDDSince Twiixtor is a big♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i decided to give you a few detailsPros+Nice graphics+The gameplay is just like the old quakeCons-Its early access, like every title-It has CHAMPION skills, every hero can use a skill.-Not much players online right now there are 380, by the end of the day eu time there will be like 800+Here is my good banana cream pie recipe:Ingredients3/4 cup white sugar1/3 cup all-purpose flour1/4 teaspoon salt2 cups milk3 egg yolks, beaten2 tablespoons butter1 1/4 teaspoons vanilla extract1 baked pastry shell, cooled4 bananas sliced.1# In a saucepan, combine the sugar, flour, and salt. Add milk in gradually while stirring gently. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture is bubbly. Keep stirring and cook for about 2 more minutes, and then remove from the burner.2# Stir a small quantity of the hot mixture into the beaten egg yolks, and immediately add egg yolk mixture to the rest of the hot mixture. Cook for 2 more minutes; remember to keep stirring. Remove the mixture from the stove, and add butter and vanilla. Stir until the whole thing has a smooth consistency.3# Slice bananas into the cooled baked pastry shell. Top with pudding mixture.4# Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 12 to 15 minutes. Chill for an hour.Notes:Now you have a good hero called doomslayer."
76561198041574368,Not Recommended,611500,34541041,Posted: 27 August,all,Sneeks,went 1 and 25 and cried
,Not Recommended,611500,34718258,Posted: 3 September,all,✪ MrCraazy 👻 #BikeLunatic,Better Play Dora The Explorer!
,Not Recommended,611500,34424323,Posted: 22 August,all,FuerGrissaOstDrauka💠,"Ok, game has 13 stages of beta, pre-start ""dificulty selector""... and I still matched versus ""10 years stright quake"" players? It's a joke?2/10 so far for no any kind of skill balancer and Anarki Wars gameplay."
,Not Recommended,611500,34428952,Posted: 22 August,all,notgood,Horribly optimized game that still hogs all the memory you have as if it was made by bunch of amateurs. This is the only game in which I need to put every single setting on lowest and use the lowest resolution scale value available just to get somewhat stable FPS rate without harsh drops and I'm on 1060 and i5-7300HQ which is not that potato setup.Even without the performance issues the game itself is mediocre at best and doesn't capture the feel of earlier Quake games and probably never will for various reasons. Nothing relevant has been fixed since early beta and it makes me wonder why I even bought this game.Stick to QL or wait for Diabotical to save the genre.
,Not Recommended,611500,34447886,Posted: 23 August,all,ARRYTHMIA,"EDIT: After giving the game approximately 20 hours, I will say that my only gripe with it is the horrible rubberbanding/hitching that happens. Champion and Ability balance could have some of its rougher sides worked out, but is overall ok, but paying for anything other than maybe your favorite Champ isn't necessary.This game is a laggy pile of unbalanced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Get killed by rockets from nowhere, and I mean literally show up in your face nowhere, ♥♥♥♥ up your strafe jumps because of a hitch, horrible input lag. Insanely out of place and poorly designed character abilities that can't ever be properly balanced.... It's already enough to have multiple weapons with their own sets of issues, plus different Health/Speed ratios PLUS the passive and active abilities makes this game a cluster.Should have been axe'd before it even made it to ""beta"".i7-4790GTX 9708GB RAM"
,Not Recommended,611500,34681294,Posted: 2 September,all,卄卂尺尺ㄚ,"♥♥♥♥ this game, just ♥♥♥♥ it. ♥♥♥♥ you bethesda, its a moneygrab, dont buy this"
76561198015958470,Not Recommended,611500,34525442,Posted: 27 August,all,Jthomp90,i was standing point blank range from someone and shooting them in the face and i had no hit markers....guess my guy was shooting blanks...........
76561198203293686,Not Recommended,611500,34465856,Posted: 24 August,all,F L A M A,LMAO ALL THE HOURS IT SAID I HAVE IS BS GAME FAILS TO START UP DID EVERYTHING FROM CHANGING ADAPTER TO 0 VERFY CACHE RUN AS ADMIN TRIED TO TROUBLE SHOT IT AND  FREEZES MY COMP ran perfectly in the closed beta come on you guys can do better :/
,Not Recommended,611500,34498618,Posted: 26 August,all,Drew_Phantom,Not my type of game. Feels like all the action is fast but your character moves too slow.
76561197982813699,Not Recommended,611500,34433357,Posted: 23 August,all,RyuKaiser29,"I think Quake Champions proves why older style games like this have no place in the world anymore. People want to focus on the fighting, and want kits that differenciate their character from others so it feels like they have choice, but at the same time feel like they have a chance.This game unfortunately has a high skill gap to it thanks to ""strafe jumping"", and weapons that spawn and disappear for a set time after being taken, meaning there are a handful of people dominating the map and hogging the best weapons. I think Quake had it's place back in the day, but even Unreal Tournament can't keep an audience and it's F2P. Avoid this game until they reduce the skill curve.Edit: The community I also think gravely holds this game back. They've had the devs ear for a while, and while they made what the Quake Hardcores want, a game where THEY absolutely dominate, there's little to nothing in this game for new users, meaning the game will likely not grow it's consumer base until it goes F2P, and even then, it'll devolve very quickly after that into the same people playing the same matches against each other because the userbase is so small, just like Quake Live."
,Not Recommended,611500,34497779,Posted: 25 August,all,uewepuep,They've turned quake into a mobile phone game that your idiot mate spends all their money on.
76561197964162558,Not Recommended,611500,34439071,Posted: 23 August,all,cmykpro,Poor substitute for Doom.  You cannot grab ledges = FAIL.  I enjoy the fast pace however the movement mechanics are awful...
76561198137075933,Not Recommended,611500,34667141,Posted: 1 September,all,RUSTY STARFISH,so no controller support for this rehash of a game no thanks
76561198327079542,Recommended,611500,34443439,Posted: 23 August,all,AmOk,i feel dizzy
,Recommended,611500,34443783,Posted: 23 August,all,BatteryJuice,"I think its pretty fun, anarki is probably the best but its cool that they have doomguy and B.J. in the game too"
,Recommended,611500,34443492,Posted: 23 August,all,Bork Lazer,Quake is back!!
,Recommended,611500,34443500,Posted: 23 August,all,Rob,"21 YEARS AGO I WOULD HAVE WHOOPED YOUR♥♥♥♥♥IN QUAKE1..Now.. not so much. I'm old, my back hurts, and I can't sit at the computer for longer than 30mins at a time.Maybe one of these days they will put in matchmaking based on skill. Because I no longer have any.Looks like this will be fun, hope they put modding in because that was what made Quake1 so fun back in the day. Teamfortress was originally a Q1 mod and I played the hell out of that.Alright you whippersnappers. Go get em!"
76561197971970932,Recommended,611500,34443507,Posted: 23 August,all,Odjuret,"Its Quake, enough said."
,Recommended,611500,34426883,Posted: 22 August,all,julzz,"This game is actually extremely fun, I know a lot of early access reviews are saying it's laggy and frames stutter or crashing problems, but I'm currently running on a 1070 with an OC'd i5-6600k along with 16GB of ram with absolutely no lag at all. Along with that 144hz looks amazing.If your specs are above the recommended, I highly recommend picking this up. Very nice and quakey feel to it and well worth the $30 to support the developers id software.Also if you're not willing to dump the $30 now, in the future when it's free it's totally worth downloading then. Since it is going to be a freemium game in the future, I don't understand why people are so upset with having to pay to access it currently while it's still being developed. I like supporting id, a quality game company, and this awesome game. Seems like people are too accustomed to being handed every game online for free.Tl;dr Buy it if your specs are above min, it's awesome and fun. Don't want to buy it? Just wait for it to be free, it'll be worth the wait."
,Recommended,611500,34494627,Posted: 25 August,all,Wumpa,Like the fast play style.
,Recommended,611500,34492666,Posted: 25 August,all,SEKTOR321178,Fun to play and the Champion powers aren't as invasive as I expected. One of the few Multiplayer games I enjoy.
,Recommended,611500,34493688,Posted: 25 August,all,✪ WRATH,Holy freaking god get this game
,Recommended,611500,34456439,Posted: 24 August,all,Flowerbridge,"Be warned, with few players, matchmaking is slow and of course people will complain about it being unbalanced.It will get better as more people play the game and match making rating is evened out."
,Recommended,611500,34528787,Posted: 27 August,all,genexus,"I hope we see more champions and different tier maps from Q3 Arena. And bots can be great, when players are unavailable."
,Recommended,611500,34528724,Posted: 27 August,all,HML,Quake is Back!
,Recommended,611500,34524840,Posted: 27 August,all,Sir DaV,"Game is very fun, has some netcode issues atm but its in EA at the moment so its to be expected.A bot match mode would be appreciated too."
,Recommended,611500,34531085,Posted: 27 August,all,N1rsao,Quake is back B A B Y!!
76561197995726636,Recommended,611500,34552411,Posted: 28 August,all,Z3R0B4NG,Quake is BACK!
,Recommended,611500,34540216,Posted: 27 August,all,Death Monky,"Have been a Huge fan of the Quake series since I first played Quake 1.This is a good addition to the whole FPS genre and will hopefully rumble up a (even if oversaturated) quite stagnant genre with a bit of actuall skill.Edit: the more I play the more I notice that I get spawn killed quite often, now that could be because of the fact that people speed up quite a bit in the game and that they can tp often to opposite sides of tthe map. I have not seen anyone else complain about this so il just leave it out there."
,Recommended,611500,34573025,Posted: 29 August,all,bless up,"One of the most addicting games I've ever played, and its only my first quake game. Even though the playstyle is different from other FPS games its fun to learn and getting used to it takes time but its well bloody worth it. I highly recommend you buy the early access to get a head start on everyone else. The servers are also great, even for the SEA region. 10/10"
76561198028202859,Recommended,611500,34448947,Posted: 23 August,all,Air Marshall Carlin,"I'm changing this review until something is done about rockets.  Everything below still stands besides the fact that rockets have become amazingly unpredictable and completely off.  WAY too many zero damage direct hits, and VERY low damage near and direct hits that hit anywhere from 2 dmg to 17. Read below for the positive things but rockets are a complete joke right now and can be very frustrating.Just a heads up, if you're on the fence about this game feel free to try it, if it isn't far enough along for you at the moment refund it and know that IT WILL BE FREE TO PLAY ONCE FULLY RELEASED. EA is just to support the devs and get a bit of a bigger player base as they tweak and fix issues that arise. Once free to play you will be able to rent champions with ingame currency that you earn as you play to try out different champions, so all you need to do to try stuff out is play the game.  Only reason I can think that it isn't F2P atm is they didn't want a huge influx of new players while they continue to add and fix bugs.Been playing since the start of the beta and before that played all the quake games, except Quake 4, when I was younger. Mostly just the single player though since I didn't have good internet back then.  QC is by far my favorite AFPS, and feels like a quake game that has been updated with some features from more recent games.  All the characters have different movment from all the previous Quake titles so it takes some time getting used to and there is a very high learning curve.  The abilities while powerful don't feel too over powered in any one case and if they have, such as BJ's ult, they've reeled them back a bit to not feel too overwhelming.WARNING this game is very high skill ceiling and requires patience. It's not all about just aiming, though it is a big part.  Learn to move, strafe jumping is key for this, focus on item pick ups like health and armor, what weapons are good for what situations and where to find them on each map and you will get better.  This game takes time to get good at so don't be surprised if you die a lot even if you have a lot of fps experience.  There are people that have played this series for 20 years and they will boot stomp you, almost to the point where you think they're cheating. They're not, just leave your ego at the door and ask questions.  The community wants this game to succeed so people are usually pretty polite.  If you're looking to get better but don't want to drop into a match with pros feel free to add me as a friend on steam and we can play some custom matches.  Or even check out a guy named Rapha on twitch to see how good players play.  Quake live has some great tutorials on how to move but that will most likely be added to this game at some point as well since the devs want to make it easier for new players to learn.  It's still a work in progress but the devs have been pretty good about feedback and are working to smooth things out.- Pros: fun AFPS that has a lot of depth and high skill ceiling while also being pretty basic in it's FPS origins aside from the different champs. VERY FAST PACED.- Cons: work in progress that needs some tweaking in the netcode. Judging from the advancments by the dev team this will most likely be fixed, networking fixes just tend to take time in any game."
,Recommended,611500,34456349,Posted: 24 August,all,Gerby,"It's still the Quake I love at its core and feels fresh with the champion variety, if you wanted something EXACTLY the same as QuakeLive then go play QuakeLive and quit hating mindlessly on Quake Champions for trying to shake things up after almost 20 years of the same old."
76561198030629415,Recommended,611500,34501086,Posted: 26 August,all,Markis3321,Massive QUAKE & DOOM fan love how you can play the main guy in DOOM. Game is Online only but is supper fun guys its a new Quake Arena. Amazing fun just jump in and kill everyone but have fun :)
,Recommended,611500,34505743,Posted: 26 August,all,Phenolic,I suck at Quake but I'm having a great time. Would like to see a Quake Classic mode maybe with no hero powers. Just you and some guns. I think it's on the right path.
,Recommended,611500,34536770,Posted: 27 August,all,Favonius,"The Bad:Champions; they don't really add anything to the game, it very much feels like this game has ""Champions/Heroes"" because thats whats popular right now (i.e Overwatch is selling well, Overwatch has heroes, therfore we must have heroes too).Matchmaking; there is no skill based matchmaking it seems, so expect to get completely stomped a lot of the time by the one or two people on the opposing team who eclipse everyone else skill wise.Balance; it is still in early access, but right now the game could use some balance passes on the weapons/abilities.Dedicated servers; there are none.  The worst result that will come from this is that the community for this game is going to be a toxic♥♥♥♥♥♥hole in no time.The Good:The ""feel""; this is very much Quake.  It plays exactly how a Quake game should, which means its a ton of fun if you like/liked arena shooters.Presentation; looks great, sounds great, plays smoothly.Champions;  I wrote above that the don't add anything, but they also don't take anything away from the game experience.  There is essentially the ""fast"" heroes, and the ""tanky"" heroes.  It adds a little variety to the game but for the most part they feels the same a lot of the time while playing.Quake Champions is a lot of fun overall, if you don't like arena shooters this won't change your mind, but I can still recommend it to everyone else."
76561198012295748,Recommended,611500,34537065,Posted: 27 August,all,Dame Kevin Costner,"I'm bored of all the competetive shooters out there right now. I need something new. ID respond with something old. And my reaction was initially one of doubt. I thought this was going to be another hero shooter with unbalanced heroes with stupid ""ultimates"". I love being wrong sometimes.What drew me to the game?- Tired of all the current competive shooters out there. Nothing was really holding my attention.- I never got a chance to really play the old arena shooters in their heyday but I always wanted to.- id's work on the new Doom left me with no criticism, so I have no fear about quality going in to this game.Why am I loving it?- Hardcore, fast-paced, visceral, adrenalin pumping, non-stop, action.- Truely skill based combat. No hero meta to stay on top of or optimal loadouts to worry about.- No toxic players (yet). Everyone has been a great sport.What bothers me about it?- Gambling boxes. It's predatory and gross.- Developer inaction. I have heard from players who have been playing since way back beta that the Devs are slow to fix things. They complain about netcode and hitboxes not being fixed. I haven't seen evidence of this yet but that doesn't mean it's not there.- Matches take too long to start. First you have a matchmaking period of 30-50 seconds (in my experience) followed my map voting. Then you have a ready up period and then a warm up period. After all that, it feels like it takes 5 minutes to start a new match. That's just dumb."
,Recommended,611500,34539403,Posted: 27 August,all,Casual Coup,"Incredible arena shooter with AAA graphics. Frames steady at 150+ with everything on ultra (shadows too!). Bethesda has taken the loot-crate route, along with most games these days. All items are purely cosmetic. Daily challenges keep things fresh, and there's a surprising amount of character-lore to be unlocked for us nerds!"
,Recommended,611500,34527681,Posted: 27 August,all,Mojoz,"Quake Champions is seriously good. There are issues, the netcode being one of the major ones here, but there is plenty of time for improvement."
,Recommended,611500,34537157,Posted: 27 August,all,RCN #HellaWaveBoyz 🌊🌊🌊,"I absolutely love this gameThere are many good games out there, and many terrible ones.But this, it's something uniqueIt's Quake, and don't get me wrong, there is no real formula to ""what is quake"" besides the nameQuake is Sci-fi, Love craftian, Metal ages, multi-dimensional and multiplayerso Quake can be anything in theme but Quake is similar with mechanicsQuake champions combines Q1-Q4 Movement styles so there is a fit for any quake gamer's playstyle in this gamePeople will Argue that champion abilities aren't Quake but the thing is, In Team arena there were ""champion like"" abilities but they were in various powerups scattered across the new maps that came with the game so that's not a valid point, it's just that they're attached to champions instead of being map specific.This game is in early accessand Will be like that for awhileso a lot can changebut so far I like the game and recommend it to anyone who likes to try new things."
76561198032388634,Recommended,611500,34561731,Posted: 28 August,all,Knightwing,"I love this game. It's in early access and honestly other than some minor details I would say it was exceptionally done (for an early access game that is).The gameplay is solid, definitely brings back memories of LAN parties with friends back in high school with Arena. I love the way it looks, being one of those people that sets the graphics real low for this type of game, it still looks great. Going into this I didn't think I would like the whole champion system. In my mind it left too much room for being so ridiculously OPed it takes away from the general funness of this game. In reality the classes are pretty balanced and a lot of fun, but as I saw someone else say in their review ""a well aimed rocket is just as good as any class"" in this game. So I am extremely excited for the finished product.Now I have one MAJOR complaint. And this is nothing that was done by the developers really. But it comes down to what they can be doing. Hacks are already a HUGE problem I'm finding, and its so obvious when it's being done. I add this to my review only in the hopes that someone from Zenimax or whoever else in Bethesda can see this. Check out this videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNTNXpQZhtoWhether this dude made the hack himself or he is just advertising the download, I have one thing to say, you are why this game will die out quickly if nothing is done about this.It is still early access, I understand that, however this is the perfect time to weed out these hacks and ban those that take away the fun of this game from people like me. I love everything about this game so far and I have high hopes for it. This shows promise to bring back that old school arena shooter genre.SO! Do I recommend this game to anyone? Absolutely! With the warning that you will experience a lot of botting for a while unless someone either listens, or goes and plays their own game to find out for themselves.ENJOY!!!"
,Recommended,611500,34585114,Posted: 29 August,all,FranckyFox2468,"I'll start by getting the bad stuff out of the way so you know what sort of bad things to expect and then i'll get to why i recommend this:First of all, if you don't have a good computer and have a crappy internet, do not buy this game (or install it when it goes free to play). While the game runs pretty smoothly (from my experience), it can be quite demanding graphically even at the lowest settings, and the netcode has tendency to♥♥♥♥♥♥itself and handle lags even worse than overwatch somehow.Second point, if you CANNOT stand micro-transactions, simply by their presence in the game making you sick, this is not for  you. This founders pack is already pretty damn expensive, the price will apparently go up even further when the game comes out. And when the game comes out, you will have to buy the characters, and the free currency only allows you to have them TEMPORARILY, and its a pretty bad deal to buy em one by one concidering the price of the in-game currency. Also while i like the fact that you can get smaller lootboxes more frequently, this game not only sells cosmetics in PARTS, you have PARTS of PARTS of cosmetics, so you can unlock a kneepad for a pair of pants you don't own for this character you don't own. Sounds great doesn't it?!Third point, matchmaking. While it doesn't pull the B.S of making you wait 10k years until you find people of your exact level like so many game does, getting into a game is still way too slow than it needs to be for a game about jumping into the action and killing stuff. Also DO NOT ACCEPT A REMATCH EVER. Concidering bethesda forgot to put a disconnect button from a lobby and any form of way to communicate with people while in one, you get stuck in an endless limbo where nobody is ever added to the game to fill the spots and the only way to play again is to restart the game entirely. This could be fixed, and hopefully it will be but for now i still would like to point that issue out.So with these out, why do i recommend this game?This game isn't about team composition, filling some meta or dedicating your time to wishing you were on the enemy team while getting screamed at like your average ""hero shooter"".Quake Champion is a successor to Quake 3 Arena that shakes things up by adding class based gameplay built around finding who YOU like to play, finding YOUR playstyle, and self-improving at YOUR pace. Some characters will obviously be harder than others to play because they fill quite specific skill based niche like continuous strafe jumping and such, while some provide more new player friendly abilities like double jumping and such. While the gameplay is fast-paced constant action, it feels almost relaxing to just jump into a map and just shoot stuff without having to worry to much compared to other games.Knowing the complete package pack will go at an even higher price and the free model will be buying over-priced characters one by one is a bit disapointing but who knows, they might change their minds. Regardless, in its current state, i do recommend Quake champions.So to finish this off, if you want your arena shooter quota filled (and that is one that not only 10 people play and remains dead for a majority of the week), this is your game."
,Recommended,611500,34559401,Posted: 28 August,all,Ceiling fan enthusiast,"I post this here for people that have the same issue, regardless of it not really being a review. Feel free to post it anywhere you want and give credit to yourself, as long as people actually get to play the game.I recommend you do all the steps listed below before trying to boot the game. If you have trouble finding some files, ensure that you have hidden folders enabled on your PC and as for the QuakeChampions folder, I recommend you simply type QuakeChampions in your search bar, if you struggle to find it.If you boot the game and all you get is a black screen and then the game closing:- Go to quakechampions/client/bin/pc and run the quakechampions.exe file as administrator. If that doesn't work, try running it in cached mode, as administrator. It worked for me.(- You may also have to run the said .exe file in Compatibility with Windows Vista 2, it worked for some people, I didn't have to.)- Ensure that your video CFG file under quakechampions/client/config has ""AdapterId"": set to 0, if not, just rewrite it with 0.-Ensure that you have the minimal required specs. Now that goes without saying, but just in case you're not knowledgeable on the subject matter, go to your graphics card manufacturer's website, type the name of your graphics card in the search bar and look under ""specifications"" if it is able to run DirectX 11 as it is required.I have also read a post on a Bethesda forum by user Coverdrave that I will copy-paste below, it is the same issue but fiddles around the Bethesda Launcher.""Hello, I was reinstalling the Bethesda Launcher and at first it didn't detect QC, so it asked to download the game but by just pointing out the location it loads up the game. But what I didn't tick in the install window when actually installing it was a shortcut for the game. And I had this black screen issue until I started the game from the shortcut. Now zero black screen issues if I launch it from the QC shortcut. If you don't have a shortcut or don't know how to actually make one, here's how:Uninstall Bethesda dot net Launcher (no joke), BUT WARNING, do NOT delete the game, when uninstalling the launcher there's going to pop up a window asking you if you want to keep your games, say yes and let it uninstall.Download Bethesda dot net Launcher and install it again.Open it, click on the QC icon and select install.Point to the same place you install the game previously (ex. game at E:/Quake Champions, install at the same place, E:/Quake Champions) but do NOT click continue yet, there's a option below to create a shortcut, tick the box for it, otherwise if you continue you'll have to do this all over again.Let it take the game for an a already installed game and start the game. Enjoy.Hope this works for everyone, have a good time.""That is all I have found by myself and the help of other people on forums, hope this will help you, feel free to repost and comment additionnal fixes.And since this is a review, the game is alright. Have a good one :)"
76561198010231152,Recommended,611500,34580442,Posted: 29 August,all,Ekkiejj,♥♥♥♥ YES.
,Recommended,611500,34663989,Posted: 1 September,all,BlackSquid,Quake is back.And it's going to be bigger than ever before.
76561198302452838,Recommended,611500,34706508,Posted: 3 September,all,thebloodlessking,"I guess I'm one of the old nerds now, always wanted to get in on Quake when it was at height back in the day. Seems great so far sharper and faster. Got to find my dang mouse now though, no controller support. Some latency issues when shooting and running (for me anyway).Update -- Honestly dont buy it yet give the devs some time to work out all the kinks, and hash out which direction this game is going. Dont buy it if your a console to pc player, this game is not made with you in mind and the community is 100 percent behind this. So there may never be controller support.For those that say its too fast for controller its not, me being a die hard FPS player and playing mouse and keyboard find it really slow. Everytime I died I knew it was because i was on the mouse and keyboard, hell I still managed to do alright without knowing anything about the maps or powers.That would be my personal reason for not wanting it (and requesting a refund). To me there should be a disclaimer to this game and games like it (Dirty Bomb, etc) ""Not made for everyone"" or ""We have a specific group in mind and it may not be you"". Now Im not saying cater to every need and whim but I'm saying somethings should be standard to any gaming experience, controller no controller should be preference, not policy."
,Recommended,611500,34768525,Posted: 5 September,all,ShadowYogger,"As a preface I really like this game, it's fast, it's fun, it's Quake. It's not the new Quake game many players coming from the old games wanted, but it's still good and it's attracting new players to Quake. I do recommend this game even if near the end of the review it might seem like I don't, it's just because I wish it was more like older Quakes.It has Champions with different kinds of movement from the different Quake games similar to Q3A/QL, CPMA, and Q4 at the moment. Doom Slayer is in as well and has the double jump from Doom 2016.The balance is decent at the moment despite what a lot of people say. The game has been making great progress since beta and I think it's on a good track, if it keeps improving at this rate it will be excellent soon.The netcode has problems but iD is making progress improving it.If you are new to Quake you will think this is the fastest, craziest FPS game you have ever played and though you will be stomped into the ground it's much more beginner friendly than previous titles.Unfortunately the changes that make it more beginner friendly are also things that lower the skill cap from previous Quakes. The most notable changes being the lower health/armor stacks coupled with higher weapon damage which in turn makes armor/health pickups less powerful than previous Quake games and also the addition of speed caps on movement which is just a tragedy. It's worth noting that you can exceed speed caps with rocket jumps but if you come from older Quake games do not expect to be wowed by the speed.My only other criticism is that some abilities just feel like they are total bull when put in a Quake setting. Galena's mines are a good example. These are very powerful on some maps and imo go against the spirit of fast twitch gameplay in Quake, running into a mine while flying around bunny hopping is not fun. The other two that bother me are Nyx's invisibility and to a lesser extent the Heal that Anarki has which puts him to full health. It's not that I can't figure out how to play around them, I can and do, it's that I feel these specific abilities don't feel like they belong in Quake.If you think you want this game buy it. It's good. You'll probably enjoy it if you can realize and accept that it's not an old Quake game and try to appreciate it for what it is."
,Recommended,611500,34768872,Posted: 5 September,all,kuudere,its good
76561197996096764,Not Recommended,611500,34461420,Posted: 24 August,all,nikitas,Wouldnt recommend it while in early acess.
,Recommended,611500,34677820,Posted: 1 September,all,King of Bugles,"why must every game bethsoft makes crash ♥♥♥♥ing constantly, i cant even play the game because it gets stuck on an epilepsy warninghope the creators either fix this or kill themselves*edit* nvr mind my pc is just a piece of♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,611500,34620672,Posted: 30 August,all,Redstar,"So I have 5 hours or so in and wanted to update my review. There was a huge patch released and not only did my lag improve considerably, but I feel like the RL was rebalanced along with the lightning gun. Things are feeling much more balanced now, and I was actually able to get first place for once. I was lagging out a ton, and after turning off V-sync, I now have a playable, fun game.So far so good, I still want the tri-gun to go bye bye though."
76561197960293596,Recommended,611500,34705255,Posted: 3 September,all,SnakeS,♥♥♥♥ing great.
76561198353779658,Recommended,611500,34688913,Posted: 2 September,all,Eat Pasta Run Fasta,"First off, this is my first Quake game EVER.I really like this game, because its so fast paced and Every kill feels rewardingand about the new ""champion/hero"" system, i really like it and its very well balancedi just cant wait untill early access is over and more people start playing.and for the cons i dont have any (yet)I am gonna give this game 9/10, but i do think that atleast for me its gonna reach the 10/10"
76561198127740320,Recommended,611500,34674124,Posted: 1 September,all,Lenny,Very fun and addicting game that makes you want to come back for more....Just when you get into a game with quake vetrans you are dead....
,Recommended,611500,34688012,Posted: 2 September,all,Boo Lean,Despite the champions the game still feels 100% Quake.
,Recommended,611500,34701930,Posted: 2 September,all,SeMkiN,"RUSSKAJA - Rock'n'Roll Today + DOOM Slayer + His RAGE Ability + Quad Damadge = ""Come, make my day.!"""
76561197971308062,Recommended,611500,34709529,Posted: 3 September,all,5229,"Been playing this game since week 2 of the closed beta. Therefore, hours played in steam is not accurate.This is the most fun a fps has been since quake 3, and is still evolving and showing a lot of promise in many regards. Clearly, the devs are open minded and listens to the community.It is a quake game, so it has depth to it and it takes a long time to master it, but that said, the devs are working on the new player experience a lot with this quake title. If you ever felt like getting into quake, this is definitely the oppurtunity."
76561198039659021,Recommended,611500,34642218,Posted: 31 August,all,owo <3,"Well this game is pretty good, shooter shooty, rockets and all, strafe jump fun hmmm yeah its pretty good yeah, Nyx is pretty uhh nice but yeah she has a nice but, nice assets tight leather hugging her body and the Galena oh man heal my baby heal my hp is low im low hp baby heal me totem heal deus vult you lovely pale babe yeah sorlag;; is;; my;; waifu;; I lov;e he;r so muc;h I j;;ust wan;t to cu;ddle with th;e li;zard gir;l let h;er lick me wh;ile I cl;ean her; scales ;my w;hol;e life;; sp;it on ;me let; tha;t acid ;burn excit;e me m;mm warm ;;for you; i know y;ou like it; y;ou l;izar;d;"
76561198152441714,Recommended,611500,34620416,Posted: 30 August,all,CrazySloth,"Very new to the game but so far, aside from some bugs, it has been very fun. Great fast paced arena  shooter."
,Recommended,611500,34731505,Posted: 4 September,all,macadee,"New to quake games, played since closed beta.The game, since going early access, is really shaping up to be something great.very fun but performance and netcode needs improving"
76561198119079337,Not Recommended,611500,34706908,Posted: 3 September,all,Captain Boner,Trash.
,Recommended,611500,34462290,Posted: 24 August,all,STDMN,░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀▀
76561198135058771,Recommended,611500,34446405,Posted: 23 August,all,Chillhausen - Wuschi,"This is what happens, when you forget where your roots lie. This is not quake. its a standard modern shooter with nice graphics.1/10 of a finished game but already has ""special currency"" for microtransactions. Disgusting.Not a single weapon has any quake feeling about it. It's all the standard soulless scifi garbage.Really Really disaapointed.This game is as much quake, as Dawn of War 3 is a Dawn of War game.Edit: 02.09.2017Guess i was wrong. It feels like quake alright. Indeed i might have been turned off by the instant shop view, the class system and the scifi-ish weapon styles.But the game play is solid.Thumbs up for the game, thumbs down for me not spending enough time testing it and getting triggered by previous game franchises being ♥♥♥♥ed up."
76561198042376880,Recommended,611500,34437012,Posted: 23 August,all,eikood,"we've finally got the quake for the 21th century <3hard to learn, harder to master. keep playing and you will git gud"
,Recommended,611500,34805198,Posted: 7 September,all,Oskarrr,"I played Quake 3 a lot back then and seeing this is just awesome,i have never had so much fun in an FPS game for such a long time and Quake Champions just did the right thing for me,all though there is never a game that is flawless sadly even if Quake Champions is great it still has some issues that need to be fixed and the main issue being the Netcode,seriously everytime i get a direct hit on someone it just doesn't register the game can start to lag for no reason, it's not my PC or anything i personally use a NVIDIA GTX 980 Ti so i shouldn't have issues but i still do, if they fixed these issues everything would be fine. But now let's get in to the good things that i love about this game,the game still feels heavly skill based which is a good thing when it comes to Quake the gameplay is still fun as i remember from Quake 3 Arena i like all the different champions and how they have their own weakness and strength against different things,every champion is different you have challanges to complete and my favorite....Ranked mode that's coming soon!"
,Recommended,611500,34846180,Posted: 9 September,all,Tenosis,"Once you get over the fact that it's not the ""pure"" Quake of yesteryear, you can appreciate it for the extremely fun game that it is."
,Not Recommended,611500,34431817,Posted: 23 August,all,Hades4u,Good game but not worth buying for now.
76561197968981432,Not Recommended,611500,34617255,Posted: 30 August,all,Fastbikkel,"My own view on this game.Levels looks very nice and detailed.Sound is good.It feels like a very compromised shooter.Bad sides:*  Password issue, cant make a diffictult password with characters like ! or %And it lacks the possibility to ""paste"" a password/login in the loginscreen.*  The amount of goodies and customizations are completely not necessary in my opinion and in fact distract from core game play.*  Don't like the way the game picks a server for you, i want to select my own server.*  Did not see a way to put a password on my own server.*  The game feels very controlled/closed from a customer point of view, like they can take away your right to play at any second.*  I have read that all playable characters have different abilities. If this is the case, this game is a disappointment for me. Every character should be the same, for gameplay sake.I did change my perspective over this game over my last review, i don't recommend the game but i hope they iron out the things that i consider bad. Get rid of the differen abilities, make every char the same. Different skin fine, but no other abilities, this is quake for christ's sake."
76561198155917998,Recommended,611500,34550209,Posted: 28 August,all,moist,"The game is currently suffering from a fair amount of bugs. But the gameplay is one of the most fast-paced fun I've had in an FPS game in a long time, you also can't overlook the fact that the game has implemented a ton of different movement mechanics into the game. From classic quake movement to source-like movement to crouch sliding, this game makes moving around the map fun and fast."
76561197970325357,Recommended,611500,35195758,Posted: 24 September,all,smittix,"Had some crashing issues in the beginning, but with the help of the support team, it's working well now. Very fun - everything I was hoping for."
,Recommended,611500,34500171,Posted: 26 August,all,DrachenFeuer,"Quake Champions, while a bit different to it's classic predecessors, features everything a quake game should have, fast paced movement with mechanics like strafe and circlejump, maps with classic arena shooter design, gamemodes that focus on individual player skill like Deathmatch and Duel, classic modes like TDM and nearly all the arsenal from classic quake games.The Champion roster features characters from previous Quake games like Sorlag, Anarki, Slash and Ranger, the champion abilties are fairly well balanced with none of them being as overpowered or game changing as ultimates from something like Overwatch are, the abilities are more similar to special moves you would find in an arcade fighting game instead of being an easy win button, with map/item control and mechanical skill still being what defines the match.I really recommend Quake Champions for anyone looking for a modern game that keeps most of the core gameplay of classic Arena shooters while giving it a bit of variety with champions and new Arenas but also to anyone looking to get into the Quake series and competitive multiplayer shooters, as in my opinion, this is currently the best option out there."
76561198004221476,Recommended,611500,34671380,Posted: 1 September,all,L o v 3,"I'll thumb this game up when I don't have to restart the game 5+ times to actually get into the servers.Because the core gameplay is fun, but the game.. it's barely working atm.EDIT: The servers are up and WORKING most of the time now. The game is still rough around the edges, especially the performance, if you like previous titles this will please you somewhat if you keep an open mind.Can't wait for this game to reach gold."
,Not Recommended,611500,34449647,Posted: 23 August,all,nezt,"Been playin Quake since 1999's. Despite some ""true fan minorities"" sayin it's not Quake it actually is and I'm having great fun playin it____on the other hand - audio is just horrible - you can't say if enemy is coming from your backside or somewhere above youReally low player base, updates appear once a month, so yea, I'd say Pass. (I feel bad for this game, it could've been awesome)"
,Not Recommended,611500,35039176,Posted: 17 September,all,BloodDonor,"This is incredibly fun... Plays great...If you liked Quake I, II or III, this is definitely a game you want... Well crafted, incredibly fun, customisable without being a mess...EDIT: The issue for the temporary negative review... Server is quite often down... put up a notice when it is, other games can do it...PLEASE FIX THE NET CODE... takes ages to login, have 100MB fibre, no other games take so long"
,Recommended,611500,34807106,Posted: 7 September,all,Tenken,Great game but it takes awhile to get good its not really for the easily frustrated. If you're not sure i would wait for the free to play version.
,Not Recommended,611500,34440944,Posted: 23 August,all,DoucheBagSwe,"EDIT: as of October 2017, there has been no updates for months, cheaters aren't banned (aimbotters specifically), netcode is still extremely bad, takes 1min30sec to launch game on an NVMe 3000MB/s SSD, crashes often, FPS drops after 30 min gameplay, only fix is to restart the game.This is what Bethesda is, just look at Skyrim and Fallout 4, using decade old engine and locked to 60FPS. I will boycott Bethesda forever now because Quake Champions is abandonware. Hopefully I can get a refund on this game  because it still is ""Early Access"" but it is already abandoned. They just took the money and ran...--------------old review:Great and relaxing game, even though it is a fast paced first person shooter game. I played around 50 hours in the closed beta and not once did I find it stressful in regular deathmatch (free for all) or team deathmatch (team vs team).The community and in-game chat is friendly, helpful and calm. I obviously can't speak for everyone and I'm sure there will always be some people with anger-management issues in every game.And it's not frustrating if you die a lot, becasue respawning only takes a few seconds. Trust me, some matches I get a kill/death ratio of 8/32 and sometimes I get a ratio of 25/10. It's enjoyable either way.There seems to be some server issues at the moment, specifically for Team Deathmatch, so I would suggest that you only queue for regular Deathmatch at the moment.Also, how do I get the Ruby waifu skin for Nyx? I have a Ryzen processor and a Radeon graphics card, it would be neat if that promotional item could be received retroactively."
,Not Recommended,611500,34527058,Posted: 27 August,all,sblsbl,"EDIT: changed to NOT recommend. The game stutters like hell (even with 200fps and 30ms), its been like that since the very first day. The dev team is just incompetent, dont bother with this game. This game could he ♥♥♥♥ing awesome but as I said the dev team is just terrible."
,Not Recommended,611500,34431746,Posted: 23 August,all,BallisticCrow,"Finally the grand daddy of Arena FPS is back...The game has come a long way since the first beta and it will continue to improve for the now the netcode is very solid from my point of view but I'm it will improve even more in the coming future,I bought the Champions Pack becuase I am grateful that Quake is back its been a decade since the last AAA arena shooter was released for that reason I will continue to support the game cause I want to be a success------------------------------------------forget about everything good I've said about this game, with each new UPDATE the keep ruinning the game instead it of making it better...Stay away from until its finally fixed, it is not worth your time"
76561198044391127,Not Recommended,611500,35511186,Posted: 5 October,all,Aum-Psy,11 Gig update and now the game cant even launch. This game has a lot of issues and it seems to be only getting worse. not reccomending this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,611500,34593770,Posted: 29 August,all,chomsky honk,absolute trash
,Not Recommended,611500,34427421,Posted: 22 August,all,Agent BLU,"I think Bethesda put too much time on the graphics and the champions but not enough time on the game itself.  There's no single player mode or some way to play this game offline so you can mess around with it and see what works and what doesn't work.Tribolt launcher needs to go.  it's way too ♥♥♥♥ing gimmicky and it simply doesn't work here in this game, because its more for a tactical shooter like call of duty or something but not this game where fast-paced high skill action reigns king.  I want the grenade launcher and the plasma gun back.Whats worse is there is NO balance at all with the champions.  All you have to do is play as either Nyx, anarki or sorlag and you win, because they are probably the best champions to use because of their stats and abilities.  Don't even bother with Ranger because he is wayy too squishy at the moment....and he is supposed to be the Quake guy for ♥♥♥♥ sake, not some lizard piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥who vomits on you causing poison damage every 20 seconds.The worst part of whats gonna ♥♥♥♥ up the game in the long run is the skill floor that is almost endless: it doesn't cater to a casual gaming audience or welcome newcomers AT ALL, which is the reason why Arena Shooters died in the first place almost 20 years ago when Counter Strike hit the scene since 1999.Gaming nowadays have gone soft on people and the slightest beating from a 20 year vet and those who already got the hang of QC somehow is enough to put people off.  Arena shooters are NOT popular anymore, and even DOOM shows that for god sake, and the MP in that game isn't all that great but fun regardless. (hit detection is spot on but weapon damage sucks)   chances are, you won't find anyone in your skill range so, enjoy getting your face punched in 360 degrees all around if you're new to the series of Quake.  I feel that's whats gonna make most people write this whole game off all because of that.It's quite a rude awakening for me with this game since i've played alot of quake 3, Warsow, Xonotic in like the early 2000's, and also back when Quake live was a very fascinating free to play shooter that didn't hold your hand ever step of the way, and I kind of fallen off of the arena shooter genre since I've played console gaming for a while up till now and I'm paying the price of not having played Quake in such a long time by getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me.  It's no fun losing, which is arguable understandable but neither is looking at your best efforts gone to waste anyways, so what the ♥♥♥♥ is the point?also, toxic community is never a good thing for any video game.♥♥♥♥ it, I'm just gonna say this:  There will NEVER be true matchmaking because there's just no interest in arena fps, so as a result, you get paired up with players of higher tier skill ceiling and no real chance to compete anywhere near their level all because you're either new or returning player."
