user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,614570,34964079,Posted: 14 September,all,your actual dad,"I had a contract out to kill a mime. I planned to lure him into an alleyway by chucking bottles at his head, then Displace behind him and cut his throat. The bottles didn't phase him, then I got frustrated, messed up the displace, and teleported inside him -- at which point he burst like an overripe tomato and painted the walls with gore. If you can't get behind exploding a mime from the inside-out, don't even talk to me.Billie is brutal as hell. I love it.Okay serious review though:NB, I have a pretty solid gaming computer, and I'm playing on medium settings. I have experienced 0 technical issues thus far. I understand a lot of the negative reviews are from people who are having issues running the game -- PLEASE check the required specs before buying because this does seem like a serious problem.Pros:* Billie has a much smaller pool of powers, which leads to a much more deliberate and stealth-heavy gameplay style. As Corvo you could always fight your way out and it was super fun, but playing as Billie is TENSE in a way I haven't encountered in a long time.* Big maps, lots to explore.* GREAT dialogue/writing. ♥♥♥♥ the haters: easily the best writing I've seen in a Bethesda game, pretty good writing fullstop. There's even occasionally these little poetic flourishes that I would love to see more of.* Genuinely challenging in a way more games need to be. Play smart or you're gonna die.* Despite the short length, there's a really satisfying progression/customization system with the bone-charms. Instead of runes, there's just increasingly powerful and interesting bone charms (much more than in previous DH games) that add a lot of variety to the play.Cons* Short. Probably 4-6 hours if you're burning through the plot, 6-8 at normal speed, maaaaybe 12 if you're a completionist.* Doesn't seem as replayable as DH1 or DH2 -- the limited powerset means you're probably only gonna play the campaign through once or twice. High Chaos/Low Chaos, done.* Lots of reused assets (even whole maps like the Conservatory) from DH2.* Have encountered a few scripting bugs that really shouldn't have made the live game, mostly relating to moving between zones -- there's contracts that require you to knock somebody out then dump their body in x, but then you can't get the body to x because it requires a new map to load and your kidnap-ee disappears.Pro OR Con depending on what you want out of it:* Graphics identical to DH2. Don't expect it to look any prettier, but don't expect to need a new graphics card either.* This is NOT an action game (see below)* A lot less forgiving than other DH games. Billie has 0 ability to tank, even by the standards of an assassin, and screwing up WILL get you killed. Her movement skill is slower and doesn't go as far, her face-steal barely lasts long enough to make it useful -- you have to plan methodically to have any hope. It's much more of a traditional stealth game in the vein of Thief than a stealth-action hybrid like the other two.Hell, let me elaborate on those last two points (and the first Pro). I am an old♥♥♥♥♥man, and I remember Stealth games of the 90s. If you got caught by a single random guard, you had decent odds of making it out alive (if you got it over quickly). Two guards? RUN. Billie plays like that -- she hits hard and fast, but one solid hit will take her down. Billie MUST stealth, and her abilities play into that very heavily: she gets no combat boosts outside of equipment upgrades, she knocks herself over if she teleports into somebody, and she has Foresight, which is probably the best stealth/recon tool I've ever encountered in a game. Even with the twin-blade and some of the beefier late-game bone charms she's still a total glass cannon. Billie is not meant for front-on assaults at all: she's meant for1) avoiding combat all-together and2) meticulously planned surgical strikesShe's so fragile, you start avoiding even unecessary assassinations, in case somebody is watching. When violence does happen, it's fast, tense, bloody, frightening. If there's two guards standing together, you better learn to wait until one of them leaves before you go for the throat. It kinda reminds me of the recent Atomic Blonde: the fights play out like close-combat between a (highly trained) woman and a (decently-trained) man would play out IRL -- to win, the woman has to tilt the scales, and fight fast, dirty and brutal.There's a real tension and desperation to the way Billie handles that I haven't seen in literally decades. You will spend five full minutes lurking on a drainpipe so you can drop down and kill one measly guy without being noticed. You'll hear that musical sting that means you've been rumbled and just immediately bug out because there's no way you're winning a fair fight. You'll run, find somewhere new to strike from, spend another ten minutes planning while swearing under your breath.If that sounds boring to you, this isn't your game. If you miss the days of Thief: the Dark Project, this is right up your (heh) alley.EDIT: this has been rewritten quite a lot, as I've now completed the game. Initial review was first couple of hours, this should cover everything."
,Recommended,614570,34958483,Posted: 14 September,all,MisakiG,"Everything is pretty much the same like the original Dishonored 2. Whatever your performance is for Dishonored 2, same goes here.Gameplay wise, mana is now regenerated to full over time, no more drinks needed. Special actions in the original game are now some contract missions you get in the black market. You will only get 3 new unique powers that doesn't need to be upgraded, and 3 of Emliy's and Corvo's powers in OG+ mode.Mixed reviews are casued by some angry Chinese players who can't launch the game because their system language is not set to English xddddd (release day)."
,Not Recommended,614570,35028460,Posted: 17 September,all,Hinkle,"I'll admit, this game is the weakest in the series. I was so looking forward to this title but it turned out to be kind of a let down. 1) Like in dishonored 2, they elaborate on what made the outsider, and what he is, therefore making him a tangible and understandable being, and less mysterious. 2) The length of this game isn't any longer than the dlc for Dishonred 1. It's 5 missions long, and I beat the game on the hardest difficulty in about 5 hours. The only reason this did not release as a dlc, is so they could charge more for it. Overall, I'd say it's an okay experience but it felt lackluster in the end. Not really worth $30."
76561198033541859,Not Recommended,614570,35024963,Posted: 17 September,all,Speech500,"No spoilers in this review!!In short: It's a fantastic game. But a terrible Dishonored game. Wait until it goes on sale.+ The game is well optimised and runs fantastically on PC+ The visuals are gorgeous as always+ The contracts system adds a lot of fun new challenges.- There aren't enough consequences for your actions. The removal of the chaos system reduces replayability, and all endings lead to the same overall outcome.- No Clean Hands achievement means that non-lethal players are not rewarded for their playstyle- There are far too many enemies in lots of the levels, making it a pain to get around.- One level is used twice, and another level is a slightly tweaked level from Dishonoured 2. So as a result, in a 5 mission game, we only have 3 genuinely new levels. That's the same amount as in the Brigmore Witches, for double the price. That said, the new levels were all fantastically atmospheric, particularly the final one.- OG+ mode is awful, and only allowd you to use three powers from the previous games - Blink, Domino, and Dark Vision.- The characters are all pretty badly written. Daud is especially dire, and doesn't act in any way resembling his real character.- Billie's powers are awkward and limiting, making it far less enjoyable to play than previous games- There is no way to upgrade or buy powers, so this is the first Dishonoured game with no progression system whatsoever- Sometimes you finish a level only to learn that a character has died, even though you never killed anyone.- Only 5 missions. Honestly, I was expecting more for my money.Overall, it's still good fun if you like Dishonoured. I got 20+ hours out of it. But if I had to rank both Dishonoured games, the Dishonoured DLCs, and Death of the Outsider, I would consider this to be the worst."
76561198028374360,Not Recommended,614570,35055401,Posted: 18 September,all,GoldFinger150,"I really wanted to like this but overall it's not worth full price. Its definitely not a bad game but I can't give it a thumbs up. The gameplay is just as good as it is in Dishonored 1 and 2 but this one has some other big issues. To start with there's only 5 missions and the last one seems like they're padding by placing a bunch of enemies on the map and trying to make the game longer. My second issue is the writing, it's pretty bad and the story is not great. This one is also far more linear and only having 3 powers doesn't help that. I was also looking forward to original game + but was disapointed when I found out you only get 3 powers and don't get to choose. The powers you get from Dishonored 2 are also pretty similar to the ones Billie already had. On a positive side the performance is pretty good and there's alot of options to tweak including a FOV slider. If you've never played Dishonored 1 or 2 pick those up instead. I would only get this if you love Dishonored and have played the first 2. This is definitely the weakest in the series so far. I liked the idea of a standalone release since I didn't own Dishonored 2 on PC but this seems like it should have been 15$ dlc."
76561198065331494,Not Recommended,614570,34990223,Posted: 16 September,all,Not Bowiespoon,"I really hate how they wrote the Outsider in this game.The Outsider was one of the strongest characters in the first game and knife of dunwall.In Dishonored 2, they changed his appearance and voice actor, and his writing felt weaker.In Death of the Outsider, he was just plain uninteresting. Which pretty much sums up this whole dlc. Not offensive, but nothing particularly memorable.Get Knife of Dunwall instead."
,Not Recommended,614570,34991608,Posted: 16 September,all,Tyrannosaurus,"This is my favorite franchise of all time. I've bought every game and bit of DLC released. Even the books and such. I have almost 160 hours logged in D1 and over 90 in D2, so it pains me to say that DOTO did not hit the spot for me. I paid $50 for a six hour game for starters. This just wasn't long or deep enough to warrant a full separate release. It should have been $20 DLC.Spoilers may follow:- The ending of D1 left me awed at the journey the game had taken me on. The end of D2 left me satisfied that things had been set right. The end of DOTO made me feel like I'd been trapped in a corner by a philosophy major who'd had too many coffees and wouldn't STFU. I was caught between apathy and annoyance.- Way too many ♥♥♥♥ing cultists. Apparently stuffing levels with enemies was prioritized over actual challenging gameplay. There's no Jindosh beauty in this game. Not even close.- Unlike other iterations of Dishonored, this one almost felt linear. There was still some range of choice, but not compared to previous titles. In some levels, previous levels were used, but even they were cut down!- Unlike in previous games where the drama played out directly in the actual gameplay via animated cut-scene in DOTO it's mostly you do some generic Dishonored blinking around to a designated point on the map, complete the level, and then a non-animated cutscene takes the place of what really should have been the most dramatic moments of the game.-Sorry, but Billie Lurk was not written well enough to be the protagonist. I found her voice acting flat and unemotive, and I'm not sure I would have cared anyway had it been better. Even Daud came off as flat and apathetic. The game spent the whole time trying really hard to be meaningful and deep but in the end it just felt disconnected, disjointed and sort of unsatisfying. There was no moment of triumph. No swelling of music, no joy to be found. There was just moralizing and whimpering and a story that lost its way. It didn't even have the balls to go full on ""Evil Emily"" ending. It was just ""oh well, I'm a murderer woe is me."" (Apparently the non-lethal ending is more cheerful. Even so, the other comments stand. It's still a short, shallow shade of the first two games. Would have been fine as DLC, but not as standalone.)To sum up, this fails on level design seriously, story line out of what feels like laziness. The gameplay is sort of interesting and might have held up better if the levels had been more expansive and not the tiny space same over and over."
,Not Recommended,614570,35041445,Posted: 18 September,all,Tee-Too-Juan,"As a huge fan of all earlier installments of this series, I was extremely hyped to see a new addition to the storyline as a so-called ""Standalone DLC"". Sadly, it did not meet my expectations at a 300NOK (38USD) price-tag. For just a couple more dollars, you get all of Dishonored 2, which offers a whole lot more content. I feel the game's pricing relative to content is a big issue to me, as the game gives off more of a DLC than Standalone vibe. The ""Standalone DLC"" naming has gotten a far higher bar of expectation than regular DLC, and this should not have been advertised as anything more than just ""DLC"". I played through the game in a day (8hr sitting, approximately) sneaking through every mission, trying to find all interesting parts of each map. I have to say that I was fairly disappointed with the amount of things to do.-Upon entering the game as Billie Lurk you're probably hoping to get some of her backstory and connections to Daud clarified throughout the story. That's not happening. All we get of character from Billie is a fairly flat voiceover through cutscenes telling us things that are either explained through the world through missions or that has been told to us in earlier games.-There are 5 Missions in the game, 2 being pretty much the same one and 1 being on a reworked map from Dishonored 2The Conservatory.-The storyline feels sort of forced, as this hatred towards the Outsider comes off as unmotivated from a player standpoint. In earlier games, the Outsider has been a guide of sorts. An omnipotent character who pops up out of nowhere and builds the world or explains motivations. This is the Outsider that I enjoy. However, in this game, all he really does is sit back and watch as you're on your way to deliver his demise. Sure, he does come up here and there to talk to you, but the impact is far from the same as it's been before. Daud's hatred towards the Outsider comes off as an old man rambling on his deathbed, trying to put the blame of his mistakes on anyone but himself. Billie simply follows along with the wishes of her former mentor.-The Powers in this game are interesting, but few. You gain 4 Void Powers in total and these are all you gain through the game. What were passive Abilities in Dishonored 2 can mostly be found as Bonecharms (Like Agility). Should you pass through the story and enter the Original Game +, you will no longer have these powers or Bonecharms, but you will gain Blink, Dark Vision, and Domino instead. You don't gain access to the full arsenal of Powers from Dishonored 2 or even the one you had in your original playthrough (which is to be expected of any ""New Game +""-like system).I'd recommend playing on a fairly strong computer, but this requires no more performance than Dishonored 2 did. I encountered some spots where frames dropped, but these were high up and overlooking the edges of the map.TL;DR: Buy the other earlier games and DLC instead, or wait until this comes on sale."
,Not Recommended,614570,34989960,Posted: 16 September,all,Sonic The Comedian,"Ok so I pre-ordered this game because I love the series but I gotta be truthful to what I'm about to say.I feel the pricetag is alot for something that feels empty at the end of the game.I finished the game and walked away with ""hm ok"".Now I wish the recommend this game part said ""Yes + No"" or a custom type of recommendation so let me explain why.I recommend this to anyone who are fans of the series but I do not recommend this to anyone who would end up picking up and playing it.Lets start with,Pros:Gameplay is great and feels the same as dishonored 1 and 2 in terms of doing different types of tactics etc,Graphics are good but sometimes performance suffers even on my beefy PC,The voice acting is top-notch,The sections of the game are very lively,No bloodflies to scare the crap out of you,The new powers are brilliant.Cons:This should've just been some cheap DLC like brigmoire witches rather than a whole different ""game"" even though it uses the dishonored 2 engine and the same exact locations which are just revisted,The story is way too short and doesn't really reward you with any ""OMG"" moments,The missions seem lazy compared to dishonored 1 and 2,You have 0 incentive to not murder everyone in sight as it doesn't affect the game ending,You play as one character (while i thought you play as billie and daud kinda like corvo/emily),It took me 3 hours (Though i did afk hour alot due to not caring if it was on or not) to complete it while collecting and completing any side quests/contracts on max difficulty,You can easily run through this game if you don't care about killing,The performance of the game in terms of FPS mirror dishonored 2 launch issues with fps drops,Only 5 missions and one shouldn't really be considered a mission as its that short,Only 1 new type of enemy aka the void version of the clockwork soldiers,You don't get to upgrade your powers only more bones,You only get 3 powers through the whole game until you get a certain weapon that is just MEH.So all in all I'd tell you to wait for the game to be $10 as I feel I just wasted my money.The only good thing about the game is it at gave me some time wasting for FIFA around the corner.So my final review score is -6/10 - Above average aka mildly mediocre."
,Not Recommended,614570,35076359,Posted: 19 September,all,MY NAME JOSH,"First of all, this game should be a 10 dollar DLC, not a 30 dollar standalone.Secondly, this game kinda sucks.  The most fun part of Dishonored was how there were multiple, creative ways for you to get through an area.  However, in this game, you only get 3 powers, and their functions only reinforce the linearity of the levels.  The powers are a sort of blink where you can leave behind a marker and teleport to it later (the only thing that can be used creatively in combat) a sort of dark vision, and a camflauge.  None can be upgraded.  The ability to speak to rats is ultimately useless as they tell you nothing you couldn't simply find out by looking around.  There really isn't anything interesting for you to do in each level, which would sometimes lead me to just run straight for the objective and get it over with.  I haven't even bothered playing original game plus, I heard it only gives you 3 powers from the original game which are very similar to Billie's default powers, not helping at all.Another problem;  The game is 5 missions long.  Way too short for the price they placed on it.  Also probably plays a role in how crappy the story is since there wasn't enough game time for it to develop.Let's talk about the story.  Sucks.  Rescuing Daud felt incredibly anti climactic and all of his character was thrown out the window.  He's only here this game to tell you to kill The Outsider.  Pretty disappointing, I really liked Daud in the first game.  And the whole ""kill The Outsider"" thing seems interesting at first but it isn't.  There isn't really any build up to it or feeling of ""oo I can't wait to kill him and see what happens.""  The ending is also very anti-climactic, and this whole story itself seems unnecessary.  All this does is make The Outsider even less of a mysterious, omniscient being, which are his interesting traits.If you really want to play it, wait for it to go on sale for at least 50%.  There's no boss and the last level is just a bunch of enemies simply to make it last longer."
,Not Recommended,614570,35034079,Posted: 17 September,all,"Kal, Grumpy Convict","Short version:I enjoyed this game, but it wasn't worth £20. It's too short and the story has some issues. If you're a fan of the series, wait until it goes on sale. If you're just an action RPG fan, find another game.Longer version:If you take a long time to explore each level and really pull it to pieces, searching for every secret, you will squeeze about six hours of gameplay out of this game. The game has only five missions, of which one is fairly constrained and small, almost like a tutorial level, two take place in the same area of Karnacka (a new region aclled Upper Cyria District) meaning you spend about 60% of your time in the game there, one takes place in a rehashed map from Dishonred II, and the final mission takes place in an area that, although extremely large, is fairly linear. For a game that cost £20, I expected more than this - a couple of extra levels wouldn't be remiss.The new powerset, while thematically interesting, introduces very little that we haven't seen in the series before. There's Displace, your mobility power, which acts like a limited-range Mark/Recall from Morrowind and can telefrag. There's Semblance, which acts like Corvo's Possess except you wear their face instead of their entire body. Foresight is equivalent to Dark Vision, except it can predict an enemy's footsteps, and while it's arguably the most innovative power, it's also the one I found the least use for. Void Strike is basically exactly like Windblast. It's also worth noting that you don't get any of your powers until the second mission, which, while consistent with the original two games, means you spend an appreciable chunk of the game powerless.As for gadgets, the Hook Mine is basically a more hilarious stun mine. The Hyperbaric Grenade is interesting and useful but there's so goddamn few of them in the world that the only place you're likely to find them is at a black market shop. The Voltaic Gun combines the functions of both the pistol and the crossbow, replaces tranquiliser darts with shock darts, lets you shoot a really hard pearl at people for some reason and also features a chargeup function which I literally never found the need to use.The story is weirdly paced and questionably written. Elements are brought into the game without very much explanation, and the way in which Billie Lurk gets her replacement arm and eye happens so abruptly and inexplicably I initially thought it must've been a glitch. The game's story - as with all Dishonored games, come to think of it - has a huge number of extremely interesting ideas and concepts that it has no idea what to do with, and which it has difficulty articulating. The story sure does a lot of telling, rather than showing, and there is an earthshatteringly significant revelation towards the end of the game that it is entirely possible for you to straight-up MISS if you skip past conversations or don't read the right books.This game needed more love. At £10, it'd have been an absolute gem in terms of value for money. At £20 it's not that great."
76561198056591778,Not Recommended,614570,35094580,Posted: 20 September,all,The Kiwi,"As well made and skillfully designed as always. The music, (Rest in peace, Daniel Licht.) the level design, the enviroment, the gameplay, all live up to Dishonored standards. Though graphic and gameplay wise the game is virtually identical to Dishonored 2, it is still praise-worthy. Because of that, the only thing that really needs reviewing is the new additions:- The constantly regenerating mana instead of having to chug a limited supply of elixirs during a situation all the time is a refreshing change and to me is something that all the Dishonored games should've had to begin with.- So are the contracts: Which basically exist as tricky but devoid-of-needless-exposition side-missions that offer coin only upon completion of the main mission, thus adding an element of uncertainty wether you get to spend that coin or not in the next level, which urged me to be more tactical about my purchasing. I approve of that actually.While I thoroughly enjoyed the experience and loved the atmosphere of it, I believe it could've hit those notes a little better if the whole deal of the game wasn't spoiled by the title alone. It feels very much like a taunt to the face of all Dishonored fans.""You know that black-eyed whimpy-voiced demi-god that may or may not♥♥♥♥♥♥you off? Yeah you get to kill him.""- It's kinda translating to me as if that should be the only reason to buy it.But sadly the part that the developers have failed to emphasize enough: is that it is an expansion of Dishonored 2. Despite being sold as a seperate game and charging you roughly the same retail price as the full Dishonored 2 experience, it is not a new title. It's just a copy-paste of Dishonored 2's areas, enemies, mechanics, graphics etc. But with 3 new abilities (Yes just 3, and you don't even get to use them alongside the abilities from earlier games.), and 5 quasi-linear missions.Personally I do not believe it is made clear enough. So I will state it here:If you are new to the Dishonored series, don't buy this untill you've played most of the previous installments, because as a standalone expansion it adds very little new and has rather little content, it is at best a follow-up for the avid followers of the series and should only be treated as a DLC to Dishonored 2, enjoyed purely for story reasons.Therefore I do not recommend this untill there is a drastic price drop."
,Recommended,614570,34961662,Posted: 14 September,all,aps6686,"First impressions - well written, great voice acting, fantastic mission design, very good atmosphere - with a few changes here and there (which I don't really want to spoil, but there are a few interesting twists compared to Dishonored 1&2, as you may guess from the title of the game), it's mostly the same old Dishonored we've come to know and love. And that's not a bad thing.And it runs a LOT better than Dishonored 2 did ten months ago."
,Not Recommended,614570,35018630,Posted: 17 September,all,Turbo Jesus,"Huge fan of the series, and the D1 DLC stories expanded the world but this story is rushed and doesnt make sense. Its wishy washy and (spoiler warning) I hate how they killed off one of the most loved/hated characters without even developing the story. Not to mention the technical crap; bugs galore, weird ledges and lackluster bone charms.In one word, boring af."
,Not Recommended,614570,35001784,Posted: 16 September,all,Najheran,"(SPOILER WARNING) Ultimately disapointing is all that can really be said after completion. I dont believe it is worth the price being asked. I absolutely loved the previous 2 dishonored games, and this dlc just leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Story wise, if they were so keen on writing out the outsider they should have just done it in the third game and actually done the character some justice.(STORY) You spend the entire game chasing a nonsensical grudge that Daud has. That, in summary, is that he is mad the outsider gave them powers because he used them for ♥♥♥♥♥♥ things. The fact that he let the power get to his head is somehow the outsiders fault, and so the outsider needs to die, rather than own up to his own actions. Hes also only a part of the game for about 20mins and then again at the very end, so if you are looking for a satisfying end to Daud's story, youll basically never get it. And really, you wont get a satisfying end to any story here. They drop the fact that the outsider used to be mortal as if it was some big reveal, even though anyone who played D2 already knows this. I suppose it makes sense since Billy Lurk wouldnt know, so its a big deal to her, but from a players point of view that is a waste of time. I wont get into the the end of the dlc too much, only that it felt like they needed to write out the outsider somehow and this was the most profitable way to do it. The ending cutscene, explaining the loss of this omnipotent being that has been a huge part of the last 2 games, was about 30 seconds long and didnt really say much of anything. If youre here because you think the outsider is an awesome character and you want more of that story, youre not really going to get anything that isnt horribly cliche, or that you already knew.(GAMEPLAY) Generally you would want to add and build upon the existing formula for a dlc, expansion, or sequel. Death of the Outsider does none of the above. There are no ways to upgrate the abilities you have, which wouldnt be an issue if they didnt all feel like neutered versions of the abilities you had in previous games. They are actually all around worse in any situation that isnt meant to be recorded and put in a youtube montage. Want to see through walls where your opponents are like previous games? Ok cool, now its a disembodied spirit you can guide around. Only problem is, A) you cant move with this on. B) you can only mark about 4 people before you can no longer see anyone. If you mark more than that, people will begin to unmark. C) it drains extremely quickly so you have to be fast, it pauses time, and limited range. You can no longer teleport at will without a bone charm, now it requires you to select where you want to go, THEN press the button again to teleport. Which could be a cool idea, ignoring how limiting it is in terms of mobility and escape, if you didnt need to be within range and be able to see the marker to teleport there. So instead of being able to set up plays with recall points, its just a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of your basic teleportation. Every mechanic in this game just makes me think of the saying ""If it isnt broke, dont fix it"". I fully respect they wanted to add new twists for billy lurk, but they really should have given her actually NEW abilities instead of bad versions of old abilities that worked great previously.Really, this isnt anything special, is extremely frustrating at points if you were a fan of 1&2 or loved the story, and definitely is not worth the current price tag. I still recommend getting it on sale, maybe finishing it in a weekend before the next game comes out so youre cought up on whats canon, but dont be expecting anything other than a mediocre, phoned in experience"
,Recommended,614570,35086555,Posted: 20 September,all,Whalex,"GameplayThe level design of Death of the Outsider continues this series' high-quality tradition as a great example of modern Immersive Sims yet lacking the climax level like ""The Clockwork Mansion"" and ""A Crack in the Slab "" in Dishonored 2. Nonetheless, ""Upper Cyria District"" is still a great work and probably the largest level in this series.There are only three skills in this game, but it's fun as always, can't blame it too much.SceneryThough the art style between Dishonored and Dishonored 2 is different, especially in the Void. In Dishonored, the Void is an azure foggy space with floating small islands on which some historical events reappear in a freezing form whereas in the sequel the Void is a dark and malevolent place with platforms constituted by sharp black pieces of stone. I prefer the former much more for its mystery and elusiveness, that is the real essence of Dishonored's world.The scene of Ritual Hold is very impressive: there are a few huge stone pillars in this empty dimension, whales roaming in the dusty sky, the sunlight is dying; wading through the shallow oil-like water, you can feel a primal fear. It's so fabulous and spectacular, and it fits the Void very well - This place is the end of all things. And the beginning.PlotI can't accept the fact that the Outsider falls so easily. He should be an apathetic but curious god, granting power to those who interest him and wondering their choices. He is not evil nor just, he doesn't care human's rise and fall, he just wants to roll the dice and wait for any outcome. If there is any darkness to blame for, then it's in people's heart, not the Void.That's why Dishonored attracts me, it does not focus on becoming stronger and killing every enemy in front of you, it's about choice and outcome. And there is always such uncaring god watching you and making comments upon what you have done. You are the one who pulls the trigger, and the Outsider just magnifies the result so we can see it more clearly.But there is no Chaos System in this game so the choice doesn't matter except for the last time, and the Outsider lacks the motivation to help Billie kill himself, at least the game never explains. What's more, when Billie is doing and has done her work, the reaction of the Outsider is too weak, too mortal (though he is a mortal now, he still has insights when he was the Outsider), it ruins this character and the mystery alongside him. That made me feel disappointed.This is definitely the end of the story beginning with the death of the Empress Jessamine Kaldwin, hope it will not be the end of Dishonored series."
,Not Recommended,614570,35013564,Posted: 16 September,all,AYoungSatedProdigy,"imagine god giving u powers to do anything...you use those powers to kill ppl... and now u wanna get revenge on god... is it ur fault or gods? for 30 the price is too high and dauds motives make no sense..glad i got my refund, wait till it drops ( im  guessing christmas sale)"
,Not Recommended,614570,35016243,Posted: 17 September,all,Kithe,"Not a very engaging experience, with a story that further ruins the point of the Outsider."
,Not Recommended,614570,35234901,Posted: 26 September,all,TheMegaPrimus,"Is Dishonored: Death of the Outsider a good game? Absolutely.Is it worth $30? That, is debatable.Depending on how you play, the game can have a lot - or very little to offerIf you're going for a no-kill, never-detected playthrough, then you're in for a pretty fun game. You can spend 5 hours on a single mission alone, finding all the different nooks and crannies to try and find the tools you need to do the job quietly.But if you don't care about any of that and you go around sword fighting everyone and not really trying to avoid detection, then the game can be over real quick, even if you're not trying to speedrun it.There's only 5 missions. Some are a lot longer than others, and some feel repeated. I mean Missions 2 and 3 happen in the same level, and Mission 4 is just a redecorated area from the base Dishonored 2 game. Kinda feels lazy, although Karnaca is still a beautiful city, I wish there were more new areas that I haven't already seen.The plot is. Eh. I mean it's an awesome concept, ""Kill the Outsider, kill a God"" but there's no final boss fight against him or anything so don't get excited. It feels a bit weak in some parts - Billie, the main character, is so quick to hop aboard the ""Lets kill a god"" train. She needs literally 0 convincing to agree to help Daud end the Outsider. Overall - great concept - not-so-great execution. I won't say poor execution because it still held my interests, just some parts made me thing ""Um...     okay""If you ever wanted to get the game, I'd say it's enjoyable - but wait for it to go on sale to get your money's worth.If I were rating this on a scale of 1 - 5, I'd give Dishonored Death of the Outside a REAL strong 3/5. It's a good game, and I had fun. But you might not enjoy it that much if you're not that into the Dishonored franchise.If you're just starting with Dishonored - go play the first two games before this, and see if you enjoy them. If you did, you'll most likely enjoy this."
,Not Recommended,614570,35009794,Posted: 16 September,all,Leo,"Overall, I kind of dislike this game, and I'd either wait until they add more stuff or reduce the price tag.Pros:- New void energy system is way better than the old one, allows for more combos.- New abilities are really cool, and have great synergy.- Actual world and missions are inventive and creative.- Introduction of contracts add an additional level of difficulty and a way to get more coin.Cons:- Enemies will sometimes notice you through walls, even when still and in stealth mode.- You only get 3 abilities for the entire game.- New game+ lacks things like keeping traits, and will replace your abilities with Corvo's and Emily's rather than adding them to the rest of Billie's.- Removal of Rune upgrade system, less customizability.- Compared to Dishonored 2, this game is very short.I was hoping that Dishonored: DOTO would be like Dishonored 2 with a new story and new abilities, but with new game+ lacking in it's carry-over feature and the removal of the rune system, it feels revy restrictive in what I can do. In Dishonored 2, you could use several abilities to circumvent a problem, whereas now it's just 'use this one' and done."
,Not Recommended,614570,35024452,Posted: 17 September,all,Politiskt Inkorrekt Pappa,"I'm split on how to review this long overdue DLC for Dishonored 2 and it's both great and not so great.What's great is that it's a lot longer than some previous DLC's in the franchise. Great! But is it long enough to be sold as a standalone game? No...Billies powers felt over-engineered and like someone had been trying really hard to come up with new powers...The Outsider is something different in this game, and I don't mean that as a good thing. He used to be the most powerful character in the universe or something. Now he's a weak something. Didn't feel right.If Billie is yet again such a badass, why didn't she help out in the main game? This connection feels broken.I do have to give big creds to Arkane for yet again creating such a wunderful scenery and atmosphere! I especially loved the ""bank heist"" and grabbing ALL the loot! Took a fair few hours to complete without sedating the staff :DAs a DLC I would give this a thumbs up, but as a standalone game I can't. Not for that money.Also Bethesda is the publisher and due to the recent... well, ""negative critique"", it's going to be a thumbs down per default just to make a point. (sorry Arkane)The story is pretty good though, albeit weak in some parts. Revisiting previous places was fun and he how it'd changed."
,Not Recommended,614570,35054304,Posted: 18 September,all,monster mash,Truly impressive; in just 5 missions this game completely decimated one of the greatest characters in the franchise. Who knew that if you turned a near-god into a real boy he is completely forgiven for the story events of both games and their DLCs?A quick rush to close a vibrant franchise. Ew. Avoid.
,Recommended,614570,34965409,Posted: 14 September,all,Sheer Breenius,"Story-wise, a massive, massive improvement on Dishonored 2. The gameplay is essentially the same, that is to say, fantastic, however the new powers Billie gets to play around with change what originally were the base powers and brought something new, possibly even better in places, than the original ""Blink"" or ""Dark Vision.""I don't know how they managed to make a standalone DLC better than the original (Dishonored 2), but they did it and I'm glad."
,Not Recommended,614570,35046116,Posted: 18 September,all,Myra Mistweave,"Poorly written.  So poorly written.  This DLC is so lackluster it might as well have rusted.  Arkane didn't drop the ball - they stabbed a void knife through it.  I hesitated to buy this and I sort of wish I'd of waited but a lot of early reviews were saying it was still fun so being a huge fan of the series I went for it.  My mistake.  RIP my 30$ - overpriced.  If you are a fan of the series I'd wait til a sale and not pay more than 10 or 15$.  If you aren't a fan of the series, hard pass on this and just play the first game.Don't get me wrong, the gameplay is still mostly enjoyable but even then it's more out of liking and having fond feelings for the dishonored world than it is uniqueness - a lot of the clever things from Dishonored 2 were just reused here.  Sadly a lot of cool powers were just not there.  Which was a real pity.  Out of the 5 missions I really felt only the Bank Job level was unique and interesting.The writing and plot both have loads of potential but end up being abyssmal at BEST.   If you want a spoilerific summary here you go:  Billie: I'm gonna go save Daud.  Daud: Hi, great timing since I was gonna die in a few days.  Take over killing the Outsider.  Billie: Sure, kill a god, why not, sounds legit lolz fun, just like the old days.  (Play more) Billie: Hmm, seems like the Outsider is a victim here.  Also seems like if we kill him or take his powers away that could ♥♥♥♥ the world worse than it's ♥♥♥♥ed now - totally doing it!Sorry but the devil you know, was clearly a better option than the devil you don't know, basically this game made Billie a complete idiot lacking any personal desires and only some basic thought.  She more or less just was Daud's strange murder hoboing puppet ready to do anything for him (expect maybe outright kill the evil god, just take his powers to most likely thrust the world into utter chaos).  Why?  What's the point?  That morally people should all have access to the madness of the void?It was a lot of mindless drivel and while I get they were actually trying to imply that people in bad situations should get second chances - nodding toward the whole theme of the series yadda yadda.  They did it in a horrible way that fell completely flat and that came off as rushed bad fanfiction-eque garbage.  Sure the non-lethal ending is 'better' and most likely to be canon - but only mildly so.  At the end of the day/game it's just disappointing and frustrating that Arkane took their cash cow of an awesome series and slit it's throat - or stabbed it in the heart if you wanna go with theme.Dishonored 3 is looking like it's gonna be trash, such a pity for what was once one of my favorite game series.  Not sure why developers keep pouring sewage like this over good potential.  I feel like Corvo in Dishonored 2 - I'm tired of this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,614570,35008836,Posted: 16 September,all,PenguinPaws,"Don't let my review sway you unless you really pay attention to the story.As much as I hate to give it a negative rating because Dishonored is by far my most loved game series. This game took the what the Outsider was and just tossed it right down the drain. In the games before this, including DLCs the Outsider was literally a god and in this game he's just the most weak, useless char. The story writing was weak for him in this game. I was expecting a proper end game boss fight but instead all it took was one button. Literally the most disappointing end to a game. Graphically speaking this game is beautiful, I ran into no glitches on the playthrough of it.The game's story was not bad to say the least. Don't forget that this is completely my opinion. I just expected so much better from them to wrap it up.6/10"
76561198065874719,Not Recommended,614570,35048918,Posted: 18 September,all,Papa Carter,"Disappointing and nonsensical story. Gameplay was boring, Billie's powers weren't all that interesting, and not being able to play the game as Daud really disappointed me, because I loved Dishonored's DLC almost more than the base game. Also, everything feels dumbed down with the removal of the chaos system. I went through the entire game without killing a single person, and at the end of the game ( SPOILER ALEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRTTTTTTT ): I killed The Outsider, and during the ending slideshow Billie made some depressing comment about how ""looks like we're still killers in the end"". Like dude I killed one person in the entire game and you're gonna feel bad about yourself for killing one? My final point, is how powers were forced upon you like how they were in 1. Playing this game with no powers is incredibly fun, the first mission in this DLC was my favorite, because when you play non lethally you have to find a way to take out everyone stealthily with no powers. Overall this game wasn't bad, but at this price I can't recommend it. It was definitely longer than the DLC for 1 (considering this was a standalone game, but whatever) but this game is definitely the weakest in the franchise."
,Recommended,614570,34965116,Posted: 14 September,all,dGp,"09/15 Update:Dev released a hotfix to resolve this issue, here is how you could get the beta patch.Right click on Dishonored: Death of the Outsider  in the library, select Properties and look for Betas. Upon clicking on Betas, a drop-down menu will appear and from there, select public beta update, then close. The game will update automatically.After patch, you could roll back changes on region, language and non-unicode language.Original review:Change your system language and non-unicode language to English if you cannot launch the game.It is annoying though since a reboot is required.Hopefully we get a patch soon."
,Recommended,614570,34963138,Posted: 14 September,all,Machine Spirit,"Updated review (now completed): Dishonored 2 was my GOTY of 2016, Death of the Outsider comes close as my GOTY for 2017 and while it isnt as big as D2 it provides a great story, superb gameplay and the usual replay you get from the Dishonored games. It is a worthy addition to the series which I will be replaying just as much as I have with D2.I completed the game with a mix of stealth, and later just all out carnage, so I didnt blitz all the levels, I would say out of the 5 missions (I was wrong to assume it had 8) I did 2 of them stealth, this brought my playtime up to 10 hours so if you are going for a complete ghost playthrough, low chaos and collecting everything, doing all the contracts etc I would say it is 15 hours.For the record, in my 10 hours I did all the contracts and didnt use any guides.The levels are huge, easily matching the biggest levels of Dishonored 2. I found the way Billie Lurk plays encouraged me to be more aggressive due to me not having Corvos blink to rely on and that it is a lot of fun slaying people with Billie powers. There were a lot of moments where my stealth went pear shaped and I could have reloaded a save to maintain that but I went with the flow and enjoyed the various killing sprees I got myself into, at that point I resigned myself to doing a high chaos and enjoyed every minute.As for a story, a lot gets answered about who the Outsider is and the game explores even more Outsider subcultures in Karnaka then what we seen in D2.Overall I loved the game, it hooked me from start to finish, pretty much all I have played since I got it, I couldnt put it down."
76561198001077123,Recommended,614570,34979268,Posted: 15 September,all,Herrax,"So, just finished my first playthrough. No kills and never spotted on the hardest difficulty, and boy oh boy I loved it! The story, the missions, THE MUSIC was amazing! The AI is much smarter in DotO than in the previous 2 releases and that was a good and challenging aspect! It ran without any problems, didn't crash ones, and the performance was good! Only negative I can say is that it was too short, (even though it took me 9 hours), would've loved 7-8 missions instead, to flush out some more back story. However Arkane does it again, they breathed fresh air in to my favorite franchise, and I enjoyed it thouroughly! 9/10! Going to be a looong wait for the next iteration!"
,Not Recommended,614570,35056615,Posted: 18 September,all,Daddy,"I love the dishonored series. I really do, but this addition to that series just isn't worth the price tag.It honestly seemed like that packed the levels with tonnes of enemies just to increase the difficulty, and Billy Lurke comes with 3 powers. It doesn't make for interesting or exciting gameplay."
76561197968343296,Recommended,614570,34965627,Posted: 14 September,all,"Tits Up, America","Running great on very high on my humble i5/970/16gb rig.  First mission was great, took me about seventy minutes.  If you’re reading this, know what this is.  Arkane does the best immersive sims in the business right now, and so far this is another example of the kind of thing they do.  Here’s to hoping for more"
76561198076718892,Not Recommended,614570,35133792,Posted: 22 September,all,name hard,"I love Dishonored. It's probably my favorite game franchise of all time, and I have an extensive amount of hours in both games. The series has a lot of vital features that make the games fun to replay again and again, and some how, Death of the Outsider seems to be missing almost ALL of these. Every mission's level design felt lacking compared to the open nature of the first two games. Billie Lurk is nowhere near as interesting as Corvo or Emily, and Daud feels like an underdeveloped after thought. I'm puzzled honestly, as to why DotO didn't just serve as some sort of spirtual sequel to the excellent Dishonored DLC, the Knife of Dunwall and The Brigmore Witches. The story, gameplay, and character just all feels off. The chaos system is also gone, which feels jarring and awkard for most of the game. While the premise of killing the Outsider and seeing Daud again hooked me in for sure, it ultimatly failed to keep my interest and was very disapointing.On a side note, the game DOES run better than Dishonored 2, so that's a plus."
,Not Recommended,614570,35093143,Posted: 20 September,all,Llama Farmer,"For all the love I have for the Dishonored series, for how much I adore the first and second game both, and how much I even enjoyed this one, I can't recommend it. It took me 6 hours to complete this game and  for the price, it is't worth it. There are cool features like the contracts. Billies 3 powers are cool but I feel like more could have been done.The game feels like a demo, not a finished title, like a cash grab. The og + mode only lets you have 3 powers from the second game and you can't even pick them. I enjoyed the playthrough but I don't feel like playing it again. For once I feel like a Dishonored game was a waste of money, and that makes me sad"
76561197979343185,Not Recommended,614570,35073456,Posted: 19 September,all,Adeimantus,"One of the strengths of Dishonored 2 was that it allowed the player to tailor their skills to excel at their preferred style of play. If you wanted to maximize your ability to play as a blood soaked street brawler you could (eg. Blood Thirst perks, Reflexes perks, Agility perks, Vitality, Windblast/Slow Time, Blink). If you wanted to play a stealth build you had distinct options for both lethal and non-lethal playstyles (eg. Shadow Walk, Agility, Far Reach, Domino, Shadow Kill). With Death of the Outsider Arkane has curiously taken a fatal stepbackwards in player choice. The skill selection system has been removed entirely and in it's place players are given 3 VERY familiar core abilities to work with: Displace, Foresight, and Semblance (essentially Far Reach, Dark Vision, and Possession). The net result of the decision to do away with the skill tree system is exceedingly bland combat, diminished potential player creativity, and far less replayability than in previous installments.From the beginning I thought the decision to build a game around a minor character from DS1's DLC was a risk. Billie Lurk feels suspiciously like a character constructed via diversity committee. A dour, homely, black, disabled, homosexual, female from a desperately impoverished background-- good luck parsing those intersecting identities boys. The problem  is that this is where the character development effectively begins and ends. Billie is a cipher adorned with politically weighty 'statuses' but devoid of substance and humanity. Billie's 'gayness' never rises above the level of an irrelevant detail and adds nothing of value to her character, motivations, or story. The whole thing smacks of lazy writing and virtue signaling.Billie at the behest of her mentor aims to kill the Outsider. 'Why?', you might ask. Daud casts the Outsider as the source of all evil in the world, the root of all of the blackness in men's hearts. This not how I viewed the Outsider and I don't think it's reflective of how he's portrayed in the games up until now. To me, the Outsider was more of a sardonic observer who occasionally mysteriously intervened by offering powers to the dying and the downtrodden. The Outsider was powerful but he was not the source of human unhappiness, undeniably humans were the source of human unhappiness. The Outsider was interesting because I felt some ambivalence. On one hand, he gave the helpless a chance to settle the score, on the other he empowered men to commit evil acts. Reducing things to 'hurdur the void is evil, the outsider is evil and we're not culpable' is boring. Mind you, this is occuring in a game that equates wealth with venality and evil (in Dishonored the wealthy literally drink the blood of the unfortunates).Summary:Gripes: short (only one playable character spanning 5 missions), diminished player choice (skill trees have been removed as have masterwork blueprints), fairly weak assortment of levels, horrible main character and weak main story, miserable AI; the game is laughably easy even on 'very hard' mode.Pros: better optimization than DS2, was able to play on medium settings instead of all low, they fixed the sprint>slide>auto-kill bug."
76561198118525505,Recommended,614570,34964573,Posted: 14 September,all,Shady,"I cried like a ♥♥♥♥ing baby several times. This game feels so perfect. Will I ever recover from this emotional roller coaster?It feels like the last Dishonored game, and in my honest opinion, this is probably the best endning they could've made.This was a blast of a ride.I feel empty now.Edit: Before saying the game is bad because of my completion time; Dis1 and Dis2 are about 10 hours, maybe 15 depending on your playstyle, or even more if you look at everything and find all secrets. but bear in mind this is half the lenght. This could've easily taken me longer time, but I went for a more aggresive and thus faster approach, not searching for secrets, and also had to be rather fast since I had school the next morning (I started the game at 1am) I'm sure it can easily take 10 hours though.gtx 970i716 ramAlways 70 frames or higher on medium/high settings, and didn't encounter any bugs so far."
,Recommended,614570,35076491,Posted: 19 September,all,𝕯𝕰𝕺 Praise the Sun,"I came into this game with no expectations and oh boy was I in for a surprise! The game is as good as it gets. DH2 felt too easy for me. Now the enemies feel more perceptive. They nerfed the OP slide tackle that could be abused in DH2. And the powers work so good together. Some people complain that there are few powers. I actually never used all powers in the previous games, and it wasn't possible to get them all from the beginning. Now though, you get them from the start + regenerating mana, so no more annoying looting for mana potions too.Oh, and the new blink, called displace is like an evolution of Corvo's well known blink. I so much enjoy drop assasinating an enemy, grabing the body and displacing immediately back up without the need to look up and aim etc. Feels super sneaky!!!"
,Recommended,614570,35038774,Posted: 17 September,all,Andrew 林,"TLDR: Short, good, but should have been sold for a cheap DLC price.Stuff I LikedBilly's powers are different and not just a rehash of Emily's or Corvo's. Her Blink variant allows you to preview where you will land, but you have to click twice (unless you get a certain bonecharm later).It's nice to see Daud with new voice lines. (Dishonored 2 just rehashed his final speech in Brigmore Witches).Contracts! They are optional missions that reward you for doing certain tasks (mostly espionage and murder). Most of them are interesting and they give you an opportunity to explore more of the level.Levels and gameplay design are still good. If you enjoyed DH1/2 you will probably like this as wellOriginal Game+ mode. After completing the game once, you can replay it using Corvo's and Emily's powers from Dishonored 2.DislikesOnly 5 levels, too short to be sold for the current price of a full game.One of the levels is actually from Dishonored 2, but set in the day time with slight modifications to the enemies and environment. On a positive note, it is a beautiful level in the daytime.Basically it's a fun but short game. I recommend only buying it for the current price if you're a big fan (which I am), otherwise just wait for a sale."
,Recommended,614570,35100876,Posted: 21 September,all,Ggdograa,"Worth playing if you're a fan of Dishonored 1 & 2 as it does a nice job of wrapping up the loose ends for some of the side characters from both those games. But if you didn't like the other games in the series this one won't win you over. It's a watered down version with less content, worse powers and inferior weapons. But at least it runs better than Dishonored 2.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTSntsUyHvE"
,Recommended,614570,35169690,Posted: 23 September,all,Axe Raider,"Most of the negative reviews seem to be about the price, plot, and the length.Personally, I thought this was a fantastic follow-up to Dishonored 2. Everyone was asking for a DLC involving Billie/Daud and Arkane has delivered. If you value the Dishonored franchise, you know it's about freedom of playstyle and replayability. And there is a ton of it in this game. It took me 20+ hrs to do a stealth playthrough...and that's exploring every route, reading every note, trying every gameplay option, robbing every black market, etc. Honestly, $30 for a 20-hr first playthrough is easily worth it to me. I'll be replaying it a few more times very soon, especially because the game allows you to use the powers from Dishonored 2 to do so.Overall, the gameplay is vastly improved from Dishonored 2. Not having to worry about your energy meter opens up a LOT more options for you to chain your powers in creative ways. There are very few powers but they're all very valuable and I found myself using all of them equally in interesting ways. Runes are gone entirely and bonecharms take center stage. Crafting bonecharms is also available halfway through the game, which is appreciated.The plot actually works for me. If you really take your time to read all the optional notes and eavesdrop on conversations, you'll get a LOT more out of the game than just speedrunning it and killing everything. It makes you question whether it's really worth it to kill the Outsider after everything you learn and see in the events leading up to the final mission. There's decent variety in enemies throughout the missions and you're always doing something new or interesting both in terms of story and gameplay. The contracts are also amazing! So many optional side missions that you can tackle in many ways. I did every single one of them.Overall, this is a solid 8.5/10. The only real con is that two of the missions re-use previous levels (tweaked slightly). Normally this wouldn't be a big deal but it's noticeable when there's only five levels to play with...the first of which is somewhat of a tutorial sandbox level. But it's still got the Dishonored charm throughut all of it: the lore, the world, the characters, the cults, the mystery, the intrigue, the darkness, the despair, and the Void.Honestly, this game is a testament to Arkane's solid understanding of the Dishonored formula by how they learn from the previous games and either cut down to essentials or improve on existing gameplay elements. Definitely get it if you're a fan. If you've just got a passing interest in the franchise, then wait for a sale."
76561198028659970,Recommended,614570,35033466,Posted: 17 September,all,Xinti,10/10 Arkane owns my life and I'll play this to death like the rest of the dishonored games
76561198004744150,Not Recommended,614570,35052743,Posted: 18 September,all,Red Aria,"Just... dont. If you (like me) enjoy the Dishonored franchise, then stop on a high note. Enjoy and remember DH1 and DH2. Dont go downhill with this one...At least not unless you can pick it up on sale for like £3.50 or something..."
76561198007265959,Not Recommended,614570,35100681,Posted: 21 September,all,gorgon,It's too short. Otherwise enjoyable. With the ammount of locations re used from Dishonoured 2 it feels like it's missing a level or two at least.
,Recommended,614570,35079748,Posted: 20 September,all,MaysonD,"Death of the Outsider is most likely the last story in the Corvo/Emily era of the lovely world of Dishonored. Despite how quickly someone can finish the final standalone “expansion” it’s still a great addition to the series. You are Billie Lurk, Daud’s right hand woman in the first Dishonored’s DLC, and known as Meagan Foster in Dishonored 2. You track down your old friend and plot to kill the Outsider, the god of the Dishonored universe who is responsible for marking the various influential characters of the games with fun magic powers.At its core, the gameplay is very Dishonored, fans of the series will enjoy the same mechanics you find in the past games. However there’s quite a few things that have been tweaked this time. One controversial change is the complete lack of a Chaos system. In past games, killing many people would result in a more cynical ending and a darker world while refraining from killing and going nonlethal will give a “better” ending. This time around, you can kill to your heart’s content with no consequence of chaos. Some people will love the change because it removes the consequence for killing with the fun powers and gadgets you have. Some people will dislike it for removing a staple of the series and reducing the replayability of the game as a whole. This isn’t the only bold change Arkane has made with this installment though. They’ve also gifted Billie the ability to completely regenerate mana. It allows more freedom to play with your powers.It’s likely part of a balance change and another interesting change. Billie only gets three powers this time around. You have fewer powers than the last games but they have better synergy and are far more powerful. Your movement ability like Blink and Far Reach is called Displace. With it, you set a marker down in the world you can use to teleport back to later, granted you are within line of sight and close enough. You can move through windows and metal bars and otherwise not completely covered up walls with it as well. On top of that, you can also displace into people, making them explode at the cost of some of your health. It’s the most complicated traversal ability across all games. The second ability is Foresight. This is Billie’s Dark Vision, it shows enemies and items in the world but this time in a different way. Billie has a sort of out of body experience in which she can stop time and fly around as a spirit. In this form she can mark enemies and items as well as set down Displace markers. This is a tactical ability meant to scout areas before you move in that area. Interestingly, your marked people and objects are still visible without the Foresight ability active. The final power is Billie’s Semblance. It takes the face of an unconscious person and as long as they are still alive you can fool people into thinking you are that person. It allows for easy infiltration, allowing you to hide in plain sight. Your mana drains only while you move so it promotes careful planning and patience. It’s Billie’s Possession and Mesmerize. These three powers are very powerful on their own and when you use them together they become even more useful.Runes and Bonecharms have taken a turn as well. For starters, runes are nonexistent. The powers you have are all given to you when you are visited by the Outsider for the first time and they cannot be upgraded. For that reason some of the enhancements you can unlock with them like agility have been moved to bonecharms. There are way more bonecharms in Death of the Outsider than in the other games. There is an overwhelming amount of randomly placed Bonecharms in the game it’s difficult to commit your Bonecharm loadout to a single style. Bonecharm crafting is present in this game as well but it’s given to you around halfway into the game. There are pros and cons to this choice. On one hand you’re stuck with only ten traits until you get Bonecharm crafting so you’re slightly limited until then. On the other hand you’ll have plenty of bonecharms to put together when you get it, so you won’t feel like you’re limited.Dishonored is great for its powers and swordplay, but the worldbuilding and story are also fantastic and it holds up in Death of the Outsider. Every level is densely designed to simulate the breathing world that is Karnaca. It has people running around and chatting, listening to music, drinking, smoking, and guards who pose a threat to you. There are newspapers and written notes scattered everywhere waiting to be read. If you pay enough attention to these things it is easy to absorb the world of Dishonored. It’s revered by many for its lore. It makes you fall in love with the nastiest gangs as you learn about the Eyeless, it sheds light on the celebrities of Karnaca that the common citizen wouldn’t know about them. As you sneak around you will find immersive details that let you really sink into the world. Playing through the game’s story will do the same thing, and true to form you can finish the game in multiple ways. For example in one mission you are to rob a bank. There are several ways to enter the bank and several ways to get what you are after. This isn’t the only level you can accomplish in more ways than one. In short, Death of the Outsider has a lot of opportunities to make it seem like you are playing your way. Some of the environments you will play in will be familiar to you, one of which is found in Dishonored 2. There are also two missions that are partly set in the same area. This can turn off some players and make them think that Arkane is rehashing some of their older levels. This is somewhat true but not for being lazy. The mission that’s set in a level in Dishonored 2 has been changed enough to make you adapt your playstyle from when you first encountered it. It makes sense though as the story is set in the same region. It’s a matter of preference to most whether or not you want to play in the same space.To sum all of this up, Death of the Outsider is a short but sweet experience that mixes up some of the main mechanics of the Dishonored series. As a different character with new powers, you will find a satisfying journey towards an ambitious goal."
,Recommended,614570,34971289,Posted: 15 September,all,• Makmooshak •,finished the game with both two endingsjust wanna say good job again Arkanep.s. : gonna full achievement this game soon .....
76561198198835342,Recommended,614570,35012880,Posted: 16 September,all,Stoicism,"Pretty much the same gameplay as Dishonored 2. Can be recommended as ""extra content"" but is definitely not superior to previous entries in the series. Can't recommend to new players since it drops you in the middle story-wise.Compared to Dishonored 2:Pros:- No more mana potions! Your mana recharges fully and quickly by itself! This actually felt like the best gameplay tweak.- A few new items- A few abilitiesCons:- No epic quest for vengeance (Isn't that the heart of the Dishonored series?)- Only 5 missions- Instead of assassinations, the main objectives are mostly finding things.- Fewer abilities- No more ""chaos"" rating for missions. Your actions don't really change much."
76561198009532102,Recommended,614570,35025610,Posted: 17 September,all,Eliazh,"Finished the game twice + achievementsPros :-Runs like a charm.-Billie's powers-Level design-The atmosphere of the game in generalCons :-Quite short (5 missions: 1 without powers, 2 on the same map, 1 reused map from D2)-Almost no replayability (no chaos system and no freaking new game +)-Original game +I really enjoyed the game, it was short in my opinion tho, but brings a closure to this arc (Corvo/Emily/Daud). I got a bit disappointed by the endings, it felt rushed. I don't understand the process behind OG+, you lose Billie's powers for Blink, Dark Vision and Domino, which was a bummer for me. I still have hope for a release of a real New Game +."
,Not Recommended,614570,35035205,Posted: 17 September,all,Verrin,"If you're someone who's even slighty sensitive to frame pacing issues, and had issues with them from Dishonored 2, there's no changes here. Yes, the performance is much improved, but some people seem to have issues decerning between having a solid frame rate and a stable frame pace. I don't have any issues getting 100+ FPS at higher resolutions and settings, but that won't fix the microstutters associated with improper frame pacing.From my testing with adaptive sync, if you lock the frame rate to 30, 60 or 120, and the frame rate can stay locked there without dipping, the frame pacing issues will vanish. But if you want a frame rate between 60 and 120 without frame pacing problems, you aren't going to get it. Even with my monitor's refresh rate locked to 75 or 90Hz, and the game frame capped to 75 or 90FPS, the issue persists. Triple buffering, as far as I can tell, has no effect on pacing. And no, as far as my tests have indicated, G-Sync and FreeSync don't help.Unfortunately this seems to be a fundemental issue with the engine. I don't get the impression it was designed with variable frame rates in mind. The good news, at least, is if you're OK with 60FPS, or if you don't have a monitor that can do more than 60Hz anyway, you can maintain that frame rate with fairly light or moderate hardware. If you want to lock the game at 120Hz, however, expect to require a fairly beefy rig, or to make some serious sacrifices to either resolution or in-game settings.If you're one of those lucky people that think this game is buttery smooth with an unlocked frame rate, and just can't percieve microstutters (or tearing for that matter), I do envy you."
76561198064909041,Not Recommended,614570,35120236,Posted: 21 September,all,Shadowpacer,"The good: the art style is beautiful, as is always the case with Dishonored games. It's a pleasure to wander around the new levels and pick up on the little aspects of lore. The new auto-regen mana system is also a nice departure from having to hunt down bottles of Remedy/Solution, and I found myself using my powers more than I normally would. Semblance is a very interesting power that would have benefited from more content to explore with it. The lack of chaos system was interesting the first time, though I find that it hinders replayability. Also, the voice actors are at the top of their game.The bad: there's a lot of it. The story is an incoherent mess, and Daud is unrecognisable from his Knife of Dunwall/Brigmore Witches self. His motivations make no sense. His relationship with Billie (after years of working together, and a painful betrayal) consists of her feeling guilty, and him blaming the Outsider for the choices he himself made. Billie herself is essentially a plot device for Daud's nonsensical revenge. The enemies in the game have been reduced to one-dimensional monsters; in previous games, lore drops or interesting characters (Martin, Slackjaw, Lizzy Stride, Paolo, Overseer Byrne) would have presented a more complex view of different factions, and given us some sense of individual motivations. This DLC is having none of it. Sadism, torture, exsanguination, brutality; you can murder your way through every faction in this game, and never once face anything that makes you reconsider that they might not all be monsters.The morality issue is compounded by the lack of a chaos system this time around. There is no punishment for mass murder, and nothing in the plot to discourage me from it. It makes for an entertaining kill spree the first time around, but there's no substance here. And, unfortunately, substance is something I've come to expect from the Dishonored franchise.Overall, very disappointing. We know that the Dishonored franchise is capable of successful DLC (The Knife of Dunwall and The Brigmore Witches are really excellent). The past successes just make this more of a letdown.Verdict: pretty, but soulless. Flimsy, nonsensical plot with characters that are so far removed from their previous selves that they could be replaced by new ones and nothing would change. Don't bother unless you're a really hardcore fan, or you just want to play murder simulator for a few hours. The new hook mines are pretty great for that."
,Not Recommended,614570,35122992,Posted: 22 September,all,Jackal,"Death of the Outsider is trying something new to conclude this chapter of the Dishonored series, and I'm not quite sure it worked as the developers were hoping for.For diehard fans of Dishonored: you might wish to hold off purchasing until a good sale pops up. The game feels more like a standard DLC, perhaps a little barebones compared to previous story-based installments like Knife of Dunwall and The Brigmore Witches.I ghost, explore levels very thoroughly, and try to take as much time when I play, but I ended up spending less than an hour per mission - a stark contrast to the two hour minimum per mission I would spend in Dishonored 2 and Knife of Dunwall / Brigmore Witches, and even parts of the first Dishonored. I went back a fair few times to look and see if I was missing anything, but... Nope. Nothing. It's surprisingly easy to find all the books, notes, and loot - which is just a little disappointing. You don't have to dig much for it, which feels less than rewarding in the end.The gameplay is fun and engaging at first, but leaves something to be desired as you progress, even with the new elements and challenges presented. It just comes off as a bit empty compared to previous games, nothing like the standalone expansion I was expecting.If you're new to Dishonored and looking for a jumping point into the series, I would suggest purchasing the first Dishonored and its story-based DLC. The game runs smoothly, and though it has a few flaws, delivers on length and satisfactory exploration and excellent storytelling in its DLC. This ... Well, I was quite looking forward to it and I really wanted to love it, but it really didn't feel worth the price in the end. Seriously wait for a sale if you'd like to pick it up.I also admit that I was not a fan of the story, but the gameplay did keep me engaged enough for a while. I can't really say there's much replay value in DOTO, however. The chaos system from the original games has been removed, allowing more player freedom to do as you will, but each mission feels a little aimless and rambling without much interest. I thought I would enjoy this newfound freedom at first, but feeling like my choices were inconsequential just didn't really give me much to chew on during important parts of the game.That said, there are some improvements in Death of the Outsider that did surprise me greatly!Dishonored 2 (especially its PC edition) has notorious framerate drops and lag, something I've struggled with despite my setup and any attempted fixes. I was prepared for DOTO to have the same issues, but only experienced minor lag and framerate drops near the end of my first playthrough, and then nothing else.Billie Lurk is a fun protagonist and a character I've wanted to play as since I completed Knife of Dunwall, and her unique skill set was enjoyable to learn and experiment with. The naturally regenerating mana bar was an immense improvement on the game's previous mechanic of using potions to restore major losses, and Billie's new wristbow / collection of ammo provided a nice little learning curve for me as I planned my approach to each part of the game.The voice acting in the game itself is very well done, and I was happy to have the return of Rosario Dawson as Billie and Michael Madson as Daud, as well as a few surprise guests for new characters. The new levels leave something to be desired, with a lot of reused areas and less space to explore, but there are some fun places to immerse yourself in nevertheless.In the end, I think this would have been just a bit better if it were treated as DLC for Dishonored 2 and priced accordingly rather than a standalone piece. I've put more time into and had more fun with the previous games, to be perfectly honest, as there's more motivation to play over and over for me and more to explore and enjoy. Pick this up if you love Dishonored and want to see the conclusion to Daud and Billie's story, though I reiterate that you might feel better about waiting for a sale, as the gameplay and story aren't as strong as they were in Knife of Dunwall or Brigmore Witches."
,Not Recommended,614570,35013271,Posted: 16 September,all,Hochmeister Judas Der Rot,"I picked up Death of the Outsider because Dishonored was one of my favourite games. While it plays similar to Dishonored, it's not one that I would include as a great game. What made Dishonored great was the varied ways in which you could complete a mission. While this game has different means of completing a mission, they're all various means to the same end. I enjoyed finding ways to slink through a level undetected, accomplishing everything there was to do, all while keeping my hands clean. Rather than killing an enemy, there was always a means of incapacitating them. If you didn't want to use the power of the void, you could still accomplish your goal, but it would be much more difficult. That's what it was all about.Unfortunately, DotO doesn't allow this. In various missions, you are required to kill at least someone in certain contract missions unless you decide to skip it entirely. In the previous two titles, you could simply find a way to incapacitate them and still acquire the completion of a side objective. There are also various bottlenecks in which you will not be able to proceed without the use of the void, no matter how hard you try. That goes against the very heart of the game.Now, despite the fact that any of my  other valid critisism is going to be ignored because of what I'm going to say next, I'm going to go ahead and say it anyway. Billie Lurk was easily the weakest part of the game. She had no depth. The character was deliberately written as a Mary Sue, drawing on real and modern socio-political dynamics to be the voice of reason in a world that the character obviously did not belong in. It's hard to understate the fact that she is literally the type of Mary Sue that everyone jokes about. To say it bluntly, she ruined the immersion. Most people play videogames to escape the real world. It's a disservice to fans to strip them of the immersion to make a political point on a platform that has openly rejected real world politics. That's just the base coat here. Her story was weak as well. Her betrayal didn't matter. Her attonement didn't matter. Daud certainly shouldn't have mattered. Her motivations make zero sense. Yet she was shoehorned into the story regardless.Utterly disappointed. Mostly at the weak way in which missions are completed, and the weak protagonist as a secondary."
76561198325128272,Not Recommended,614570,35013681,Posted: 16 September,all,hazzo1991,"it was great, but i finished it in 8 hours and could of done it in 6....for £20 i was really disapointed, two of the chapters are very short and their only five chapters, if they had included some kind of arena survial mode to make it replayable i would of been pleased. considering this was such a short DLC with no new relevent powers that were that amazing i would not recommend it at all."
,Recommended,614570,34980318,Posted: 15 September,all,iNSANELYSMART,"Great game!In my opinion every dishonored game is amazing but I REALLY like the fact that they really tried to put new things into this game. The contracs and the ""new"" bonecharms are a really nice addition to the game. I give it a 8/10.SPOILER5 Missions is a pretty good lenght for a dlc aswell."
,Not Recommended,614570,35255852,Posted: 27 September,all,WHAM,"More Dishonored? Oh my, Arcane Studios, yes please!Alas, much of what Dishonored is about is missing this time around.Gone is the mark of the Outsider, and in its place is a more limited pool of powers. From a gameplay point of view, this seems to be an attempt to create different gameplay challenges, as well as to make the player character a little bit less powerful so that the challenge can be upped a little bit. However, much of the game, especially the contracts (sidequests) you can undertake, don't allow you to make the most of these powers at all, and clash with any attempt at a nonviolent playthrough if that's what you were going for.The story, rather than focus on empire-toppling conspiracies, switches over to a fairly dull occult plot, where the assassin we met as Daud back in the first game's DLC, Billie Lurk, tries her hand at murdering the Outsider himself, and taking down an entire mad cult in the process. From how Billie herself is portrayed, to how the world around her is built this time around, it all feels a bit hamfisted, forced and crude. As far as I can tell there aren't REALLY multiple endings and the level of chaos you cause this time around seems to have minimal impact on the game.All and all, there's just less of everything in Death of the Outsider. The lower price point may excuse this, though, and fans such as myself jump at the opportunity to explore the isles just a little bid more...But I can't bring myself to recommend Death of the Outsider. Not when the two main games and the DLC of the first one are so much better by comparison. Not when I found that I could not make myself care enough about this game towards the end to maintain my usual low chaos approach, and instead just straight up murdered nearly everone on the last one of the five missions this game has to offer.Playtime: 8+ hours (single playthrough)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 10Audio: 9Story: 6Gameplay: 8Overall: 8Afterthought: Oh, right. Billie Lurk is now gay. It plays absolutely no part in the plot of the game and amounts to a few off-hand remarks and a picture on a wall. I think I already used the term 'hamfisted' before, so... lazy? Yeah, let's call it that.Another afterthought: You can talk to rats! Turns out they like biting stuff. A lot! That alone has me bumping up the 'gameplay' score from a 7 to an 8. More games need to let us talk with vermin!"
,Recommended,614570,34969250,Posted: 15 September,all,Neaveh,"** As of writing, I've had no technical issues with this game. **Specs:Windows 8.1 64-bitCPU - Intel Core i5 4460 @ 3.20GHzGPU - 2047MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960MOBO - ASUSTeK H81M-ERAM - 8GB DDR3HD - 1TB HDI run the game at: Medium---DOTO adds onto Dishonored 2, letting you reexplore a couple areas from the main game whilst giving you plenty of new places to explore. Story is solid, although it follows the same sort of narrative as Brigmore Witches in my opinion. Completed in just under 7 hours, but there is still a lot of replayability. The areas you explore are large, filled with lots of nooks, crannies, and places that harbor secrets.As someone who has invested a lot of time into the Dishonored series, and considers it to be my personal favourite game, I recommend this stand-alone DLC. It gives you a nice end to the series without feeling cheap or rushed."
,Not Recommended,614570,34993217,Posted: 16 September,all,Issa,"There is a lot of discrepancies with this game in comparison with The Knife of Dunwall and Brigmore Witches DLC. We knew Daud doesn't blame the Outsider for human actions but that was thrown off the wall with this game. He's my favorite character so seeing this mess gave me mix emotionsThings that bothered me the most- Deirdre looks exactly like Cecilia. Am I the only person who find this weird or is it just lazy?- ""He never stopped killing"" where is the character development??? Didn't he give up that life?Pros- Game runs smoothly in comparison to Dishonored 2- Enemies are more perceptive specially the Oracular sisters- Gadget upgrades are coolCons- Plot's a mess- Say goodbye to Daud's character development- Short expensive gameI'd still recommend for gameplay it but its easier to take in if you just IGNORE THE PLOT"
,Recommended,614570,35165703,Posted: 23 September,all,Corvo,The brilliant game of the dishonored series came out.Good-Gameplay if you want to get straight-Graphic very good- It's very well optimized-Other new characters for example: void people or stone people-the new skills are brilliantBad-Get short-they could be more supernatural powersFinal Note 8.40
76561198046196517,Not Recommended,614570,35493094,Posted: 5 October,all,ravecoon,"Visuals 10/10Voice acting 10/10 (I do love Rosario Dawson)New powers 8/10 (I just wish there were more)Level design 5/10Plot 5/10The Dishonored games are some of my all time favourites, I might have played through the first one like 20 times at this point and never really got bored with it. This one? While I did really want to play it and keep playing it for my love of the series I was left feeling very disappointed. Besides some hiring choices Arkane made that I don't agree with it was just...lackluster.I was excited to play this, but it was very hard to get me to keep playing. While it still has some of the solid elements the previous games had and some of the levels were very fun to play, others were bland and felt very linear. Which is a real downer in a Dishonored game imo.I was surprised to find I really struggled playing a non-lethal stealth playthrough WITH powers in this one since I finished 2 of those without (except for basic blink in the first game) on the hardest difficulties relatively easily. I think it was the lack of alternative routes that made this really difficult. I found this especially difficult in the last mission and I know exactly why but I'm not going to post spoilers.Overall it just felt like an unbalanced game that was completed with a plot and level designs that weren't hashed out very well. 30 bucks I feel is a fair price for the length of the game and the replayability of it. I think you could finish it in 5 hours maybe but if you take your time you can easily get 10 hours out of it in a single playthrough. Buy it when it's on sale.I do very much look forward to my next playthrough in which I will be using the powers from Dishonored 2.Also, talking to the rats was cute, but I rarely did it and REALLY missed the heart...imagine getting Deirdre's heart...Do I recommend this game? No. Why?Despite enjoying it, it just isn't very good. It's nothing compared to the previous installments. If you haven't played those and are somehow reading this review: do yourself a favour and buy the definitive edition of the first game.If you want more Dishonored content, knock yourself out. That's exactly why I bought this game. I don't regret buying it myself. I just feel it could have been a much better game than it is."
76561197996666277,Recommended,614570,35146896,Posted: 23 September,all,Imma-Bella,"There’s  a change in pace and style, particularly relating to your powers, which takes a bit of getting used to, but once mastered, make for an interesting, fresh development.The addition of Contracts pads out the somewhat skinny missions well and gives you more to do.Compared to Dishonored DLC, the Mission areas seem much smaller and with fewer areas, nooks and crannies to explore and far too many blocked off “doors” and so on.The plot is pretty poor: Daud has done a 180 degrees in character, going from a man who owned his crimes, accepting responsibility and the consequences, to one now blaming others (namely the Outsider). I found it hard to get invested in the supposed motivation for my Missions. This was a disappointment – I know this franchise is not exactly tops at plots, but this is their weakest to date.Sadly, Billie as the Protagonist just didn’t grab me: maybe a more fleshed out back story would have helped? Or a less lacklustre voice over. She does comes across as somewhat dull, not someone I’d choose to spend an evening with.  I didn’t mind her, but didn’t enjoy her as much as Corvo, Daud and Emily.Death Of The Outsider feels a little thin, a bit like eating the salad and fries without the steak. But, taking into account what must have been disappointing sales for Dishonored 2, I can’t really blame Arkane for maybe not giving it their all; and frankly it is still a damned good visit back into the Dishonored world and I thoroughly enjoyed it.Some have complained about the £20 price tag. All I can say is, £20 wouldn’t go far on a night out, and it bought me several good nights in.But, having said all that, it is still Dishonored with the fabulous atmosphere and gameplay that make this such a brilliant franchise. The new powers and areas kept me interested, and I did want to find out “how it all turns out”.So yeah, on that basis, I recommend it, definitely worth getting.Or, let me put it another way – I’m about to start my second playthrough......"
76561197993422958,Recommended,614570,35113564,Posted: 21 September,all,Giraffe_,"I liked Dishonored.I liked Dishonored: Knife of Dunwell.I liked Dishonored: Brigmore Witches.I liked Dishonored 2.I like Dishonored: Death of the Outsider.Heck, I just like Arkane Studios, their gameplay and the worlds they build.Pros:+ Level design was just as great even if they do re-use some of 2's levels. (Just meant that I knew how to jump around the level a bit easier).+ Art style (I just really love it)+ Story is a nice way to see closure on main plotline.Cons:- Sometimes the game would just crash to desktop with no reason given (always save scum!)- Wish contracts offered a non-lethal approach!- Only 5 levels, but really only 3 are new.If this is Arkane's last take on the world of Dishonored/Emily&Corvo storyline I think Death of the Outsider takes them out on a high. I really hope this isn't the case as I feel there are so many interesting locations for them to take the series!A solid 8/10 as I had a fun 12+ hours on my first playthrough."
,Recommended,614570,35118100,Posted: 21 September,all,Dexiant,"My first run of this took me 20 hours; i read every piece of lore, did every side task and contract, on the hardest difficult without being detected. They managed to make the game even more beautiful than Dishonored 2, something I didn't think possible. The game runs like butter compared to the base game, and I honestly had more fun with it.If you enjoyed either of the previous games, then this is a must buy."
76561198046838676,Not Recommended,614570,35185975,Posted: 24 September,all,Sollace,"I'm a very big fan of the Dishonored franchise, and Stealth Games as a whole. I pre-ordered Death of the Outsider some months ago, as soon as I was aware of its existence, and I feel strongly enough about Death of the Outsider after completing it that I needed to write a review condemning it.General Gameplay- Overall, I found that the general controls in Death of the Outsider were fluid, intuitive and well executed. Fighting felt satisfying and engaging and traversing the general environment was enjoyable with crisp animations.The stealth system is again intuitive and engaging, which it needs to be as it is the fundamental underpinning of the entire game. Whilst I personally prefer Thief's predominantly lighting based detection system over Dishonored's line of sight one- this is  a personal complaint with Dishonored overall and not a slight on Death of the Outsider- the Stealth system is everything it needs to be for a stealth game, and one I greatly enjoyed.My major complaint with the gameplay is how easy the game is, even on the highest difficulties, as aformentioned in my paragraph on the stealth system, this is true of all Dishonored games and something I expected when purchasing the game and so I cannot really hold it against Death of the Outsider, but it seemed so much easier than all other entries in the franchise, that I spent $30 for a game that after placing restrictions on my gameplay style, and attempting to complete as many ""Contracts"" as I could, I still had rounded off the game in 7 hours. Of course, this is due to the fact that there is simply not enough content to justify the price tag, and so little replay value compared to past Dishonored games.Powers:Displace, I thought, was a wonderful fresh take on Dishonored's staple power- blink, allowing you to place a marker with which you can blink to when you want, provided you maintain line of sight. This allows for numerous new possibilities- from providing a contingency plan if your expedition down the next corridor goes awry to acting as a a simple blink if needed.Foresight, on the other hand, I found to be a poor design choice which stifled a great deal of spontaneity within the game play. The premise is that you stop time and can explore your surroundings in Spirit Form, allowing you to mark Guards from your hiding place as well as spy all the Guards in the area. At the same time, you are capable of spotting items and bonecharms from behind walls and also marking these down. You need never be surprised by an unaccounted variable wondering around the corner at an inopportune time if you simply take enough time to safely scout out the whole area. Combining this with already easy gameplay, I found it was nigh impossible to mess up with its proper use and promptly restricted its usage entirely in an attempt to retain some element of difficulty in my playthrough. Stopping time from a safe spot and learning the whole map layout with no riskdoes not make for good or engaging gameplay or exploration. No longer wil you find yourself spotted and being shocked at how instinctively you skewered the poor Guard's throat despite a relatively clean run prior to this. I suppose you can always just ignore the power as I did, but at the same time I cannot help but think what other interesting power could have been added in its stead that I would have had far more fun with.Semblance- Semblance, I've found, is my favourite addition this installment in the Dishonored franchise has made to the series. Disguising yourself as an incapacitated victim, you are able to, provided your void energy allows it, masquerade as them through areas you would otherwise not be admitted to. This foray into Invasion of the Body Snatcher's territory is unique, and being on the opposite side to the main character in Jack Finney's classic is a whole lot of fun. I don't doubt there are a great many other ways you can tackle the set objectives utilising this great tool that I never came across in my playthrough.Map Design- I'm sure most would agree that Upper Cyria, the area you spend an exorberent amount of time exploring in Death of the Outsider is a well designed and aesthetically pleasing area- the first time you visit it. Very quickly I became disillusioned with it as I traversed the same area again and again. I suppose if you are being forced to remain in mostly the same area- Upper Cyria is a pretty good one, but I quickly became annoyed with the forced open apartments connecting tight chokepoints. For the most part, the areas you visit don't particularly stick in your mind. I suppose I felt this true in many regards of Dishonored 2 compared to the original Dishonored, with out first foray into dismal Dunwall being far more memorable than Sunny Karnaca, and Death of the Outsider suffers similarly from this, only this time the environment doesn't enjoy the grace of being new to us.With that said, I found that a particular gem was the Third mission, which involved a Bank Heist. The setup and payoff harked back to fond memories of the Caverns mission in the original Thief.From a story perspective, it's difficult to really begin. If you're a fan of the Dishonored franchise, or at all invested in its story, then you likely won't enjoy the poorly written and executed plot of Death of the Outsider.The plot starts simply, and provokes interest- find Daud and then follow him on an abstract quest to unmake the Outsider. This involves prying eyes in some of the strangest places in Karnaca- investingating the strange Cult of the Outsider. Unfortunately, the pacing behind this is awful, with all major payoffs about the Cult being confined briefly to the last mission. The individuals involved along the way are uninteresting and provide no real motive for the player to pursue- and with that we are deprived of some of the greatest moments in the genre- the momentary interaction between the Assassin and their mark. Even the final confrontation between Billie and the Outsider is disappointing. In fact, most about the Outsider is disappointingly handled, and generally, I believe that such a grandiose task as unmaking a God, which itself is not really given its due impact in game, is handled awfully in just a 4 part story that is so simple as to be stupid. Indeed, there were more caveats to ridding the world permanently of Delilah in Dishonored 2 than there was in destroying the ultimate power in the Dishonored Universe.Of all the story mishaps however, the most tragically handled are that of Daud and Billie. The entire plot is ultimately Daud's story- we should have played as Daud- Billie being the main character beyond the first mission was contrived, and we see relatively little payoff in Billie's character development as a result.Of course though, this pales in comparison to what it did to Daud. Gone is the Daud we saw develop the realisation that he alone is responsible for his choices, and that his choices will always impact somebody... somewhere. Instead, we are greeted by a whiny old man who would clearly have been a good person if it wasn't for the Outsider. Not content with providing little narrative engagement itself, Death of the Outsider actively sabotages established characters fans are invested in,  in a manner best described by the apt term ""Character Assasination"". With no payoff from Daud's storyline in the original game, we are only left with a sad fascimile of a once great character whom DotO gleafully kills unceremoniously offscreen. I truly would have loved to play as Daud once again, but instead we see the outcomes of his true story rendered meaningless, the franchise's best character defanged. Some believe that it is the unwritten word that can cut the most deep, and whilst I'm not entirely sure I agree, I can certainly say that Daud's unwritten fate after the the tribulations of the first game is a master stroke compared to what was done to him here."
,Not Recommended,614570,35110521,Posted: 21 September,all,"Allen ""Captain"" Grant","(SPOILERS)Aside from the lackluster assortment of powers, Dishonored: Death of Outsider suffers from a distinct failure in narrative structure. Daud, an instrumental character in the events of Dishonored, is relegated to a spectator's seat behind the more obscure and ineffectual Billie Lurk. Her compulsion to kill the Outsider is muddled in insecurity, reinforced only by Daud's continued appraisal. Indeed, Daud's motivations are thoroughly unambigious and resolute from the start. So: Why wasn't he the main character? His departure from the series was ultimately contrived and inopportune; an uninspired end to a tragic and interesting character.Were we originally intended to play as him? I doubt we'll ever know. Such an interesting character - burned to ash and scattered to the wind."
76561198047479993,Not Recommended,614570,35163589,Posted: 23 September,all,Gameplayer4885,"Not worth full price unless you are a die-hard dishonored fan, only 5 missions, 2 of whom are the same area with a different 2nd half and another that is the royal conservatory reskinned. Less variety and options leave for less re-play value, reducing playtime even more. Gameplay is more focused on stealth than combat (personally enjoyed it) and there aren't very significant differences between your lethal and non-lethal actions besides a few news paper stories and minor details (but they are pretty fun).Not as much re-play value as previous dishonored titles due to few powers and limited options and results. Story feels rather dumb and the motivations are either hypocritical or outright shoving the blame of your own horrible actions to someone else ala ""I'm only a bad person because this guy gave me magical powers"". I get what they mean but the hypocrisy is through the roof.Stil, I enojoyed the missions, the various small details were nice and the contracts were fun and interesting. I loved using my powers to figure out a solution, it was nice to not be as overpowered as you were in previous games where you could just take agility and blink and you're set for the rest of the game. Stil feels like the weakest link in the series, but that might be more due to budget or time-restraints. The powers were great and the levels were fun. Just lacking in content and variety."
76561198119421708,Recommended,614570,35191939,Posted: 24 September,all,Hylianwhovian,"Pros: Regening mana is fantastic, the new powers are really good, and the contract system is greatCons: Powers can no longer be upgraded, all things that used to be abilities are now bonecharms (which are random), and the chaos system is completely removed.Overall I would definately recommend this to fans of stealth games, the series, or people who like cutting people in half."
76561198060454891,Recommended,614570,35211445,Posted: 25 September,all,briddle24,Runs better than Dishonored 2
76561197960297808,Recommended,614570,34985974,Posted: 15 September,all,hurricane,"You'll like this if you liked the gameplay and lore of the other Dishonored titles.The story is very satisfying and the characters richly written and well developed.Sneaking through missions was challlenging and the new powers are fun to play with.Teriffic voice acting as always -- Daud is my favorite character in the series and Michael Madsen brings him to life once again.I think the story premise is brilliant and brings the themes of the Dishonored series together nicely. Thought provoking questions of what is justice and what is vengeance.If this game ends up being the final Dishonored title, I'll be satisfied with this. Well done again Arkane. A+ title and can't wait to replay in a few months to find what I missed."
,Recommended,614570,34981199,Posted: 15 September,all,ste@mpunkthing,"Played for a few hours so far, only on the first mission though, I think that shows how much this game actually has in it. A great game so far, just wanted to leave this early review before my main one because right now it's at a ""mixed"" and I haven't the foggiest idea why.EDIT:So just finished my first play through and loved it. It's short, that's probably the worst thing about it, is that it's a very short game, and only has 1 new map, but that new map is huge and by far better then anything we've ever seen in this game in terms of size, and detail. The animations were something I was dissapointed in at first to see only like 2 new killing animations but once you pass a certain milestone in the game that I shall not mention, you get a plethera of new brutal assassination animations. I love them, they're grusome and gross and great. They have assassination contracts, which are probably the best new gameplay element. They're are a bunch of them and each one is great. The powers were meh. I thought they were good, but the new ones in Dishonored 2 were much more memorable. I won't even go into the story because it doesn't make any goddamn sense, but with the quality of the past 2 games, I had no trouble overlooking that. If you take out the HUGE plot holes, and I mean HUGE, the plot is actually the most interesting of any Dishonored game. I would've much prefered this be the plot of Dishonored 2. In fact, with an easy write around, and replace a couple dialogue exchanges, you could absolutley change Dishonored 2 to be about killing the Outsider. I mean, obviously the first and last misison would have to change, but asside from that nothing else really. I didn't like the fact that it took an entire feature length game to take down a random queen with some magic voo doo, but a lil DLC to kill God. I was left thinking like. What? Why? It seemed like a lot of it was just there for shock value. There are no ruins in this game, just bonecharms and some weird robot powers that the Outsider gives you. In terms of voice acting, I think the woman who does Billy, or Megan or whatever you wanna call the protagonist, I think she was MUCH better then Corvo or Emily from the second. She really sold the scenes that would've been a bit corny or dumb, because she is a fantastic actor. Daud is... I'm gonna spoil a bit here. Daud doesn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥ He just sits on the boat, you have 2 converstaions with him, and then he dies. I felt a little ripped off because in the trailer, it seemed like the 2 of you were gonna be taking down a god and it was gonna be amazing. But nope, it's just you and he dies offscreen. Like really? You killed him off screen? He's supposed to be the most deadly assassin in the Isles, the knife of Dunwall, the sharpened shadow. Corvo and Emily aren't mentioned at all, which I liked, it wouldn't have fit in the game and probably would've felt forced. I think like one time Megan says ""that's the bed Emily used to sleep in"" and that's it. The clock work soldiers are back, and only in like 1 mission. I have no idea why only 1 mission, but they're pretty scary. They have a new paintjob and they're like constantly smiling and it's just unnerving. The voice acting from the outsider is actually better then in the second game. I can't tell if I've just gotten used to the new actor, but it seems a lot less like someone is reading lines. I don't know it's hard to describe. I'm not sure of the lore yet for this game, for those who don't know the lore in Dishonored games isn't how you played it. I mean it can be for you, that's kinda the point, but in the books or something like they say specifically if Corvo killed people or not. For example, in the first Dishonored even if you ghosted the entire thing and got good ending, Corvo in the like official official story, went ♥♥♥♥ing insane and had a breakdown when he saw Emily was being held hostage at a brothel. It was a slaughter and he killed like over 100 people. Also in the second game, I'm like 90% sure, don't quote me, I'm pretty sure it's officially Corvo who gets frozen and Emily who does everything. So I'm not sure whether or not this game's offical ending or lore has Billy actually killing him. I kinda hope not, because I could see there being a 3rd Dishonored game. If I had like a wishlist for this game, it would be for it to be an offical Dishonored 3, with more levels and content. I'm sure they had a much smaller budget to work with because of the lower price tag, so if they were selling it as a full game, I'm sure they could've made another great Dishonored. I understand that probably would've taken another 2 years, but that's fine. Again this game is in now way bad, but not reccommended if you only play the game once, it's just not enough even with all the contracts. But if you're like me and like to play multiple times on new game +, and really explore and see every single dialogue option and stuff like that. You're really gonna like this game"
,Recommended,614570,35161185,Posted: 23 September,all,Rubber,I have almost played this game for 12 hours exploring and doing whatever I canlike♥♥♥♥♥♥its expensive but you'll have a good time
,Not Recommended,614570,35206397,Posted: 25 September,all,Moyku,"At its current price (£19.99) it really is not worth it. It is a very short game, even on max difficulty and without killing anyone (Which you don't get an achievement for btw) or getting seen. I think they should have just released it as a DLC instead of a stand-alone game entirely. Maybe I overhyped it for myself but I went straight into it and tried to make the experience last by doing the hardest playthrough style and it lasted me about 6 hours. Unfortunately, this is the first part of the Dishonoured content that I cannot recommend."
76561197993941975,Not Recommended,614570,35020244,Posted: 17 September,all,Uncle W,"It's short (and reuses a level from the original game), you only have three magic abilities, and there is no clear antagonist. It does run smoothly, so there is that, I guess."
76561198170098518,Recommended,614570,34965109,Posted: 14 September,all,Donald Trumps Left Nut,"Idk why people are saying its difficult to run. I have a ryzen 5 at 3.4ghz 6 core and a gtx1060 6 gb. I have everything on ultra and i am getting 90 fps average. Granted i just started the game and just was on top of a ship and thats it. But it had moving water and i thnik it was raining and it was on the edge of a city. So i dont think its a area where you would normally get higher fps. i expect other areas to be equal or higher fps. I think the TXAA with sharpness on 20 looks much berrer then fxaa. The first thing i noticed was jagged rooftops and ropes. TXAA gets rid of these. its suppoesed to make it look blurry, but it didnt look blurry at all. I am glad to have a fps conter, as I played the other games on console and the fps was way to low. Even with the fps all the way up in this one it still seems low to me. as for gameplay, i havent played it yet. The other games were fantastic and i know this will be too."
,Recommended,614570,34986636,Posted: 15 September,all,NormalHumanBeing,"The new mechanics and powers are very interesting and add a new depth of challenge to the game. It almost feels like it's own game mechanically, however it using the same engine as Dishonored 2, obviously, and therefore all the other elements remain the same.The replacement of the mana system with a recharge time was interesting and worked well for the new powers given to Billie Lurk, however the Original New Game+ lacked by only giving the player a few of the powers from Dishonored 2 and those powers didn't fit the new recharge system too well.DotO also lacks a chaos system, which existed in the previous Dishonored titles. While it was weird to not receieve a chaos rating, or have your actions really influence the available endings, the chaos system had minimal effect on gameplay and therefore it's absense isn't noticeable.The story is where I got the most enjoyment. Expanding the lore even more, DotO continually shows the creative minds of Arkane hard at work. From the cult obsessed with the Outsider to the Overseers of the Abby, every aspect of the lore is expanded and really highlights how deep and fansanating the world of Dishonored is.All in all I'd say it's a good way to end the ""Kaldwin Era"" of Dishonored and I hope they decide to continue this franchise with a new slate in the future."
76561198224751200,Not Recommended,614570,35048131,Posted: 18 September,all,Kittydisintegrator68,"this game is very dissapointing as the third game in an amazing series. not only does it feel rushed and buggy, it also has less content (there is no way to upgrade your powers and you only have four) than in this knife of dunwall dlc alone."
76561198247679022,Recommended,614570,35076460,Posted: 19 September,all,Kofu~,"Let's keep it short and sweet.This game is really well optimized in comparison to 2, while being just as visually stunning.I personally thought the three pre-determined powers would be a downside, but I found myself pleasently surprised by the number of things you were able to do with them. (Perhaps that's due to my personal playstyle)I found the story a bit... underwhelming, and I was disappointed at the lack of Daud's back story.I was personally disappointed with the length of the game, but I really enjoyed the size of the levels they took place in.I REALLY enjoyed the contracts that were available in the black market shops.All-in-all I enjoyed this game quite a bit. If you're a huge fan of the Dishonored series as I am, pick it up. If you haven't played any of the other games, pick those up first!(I know it says I only have 0.1 hours of playtime, but I have 12 hours, I played in offline mode, whilst on a road trip. ;P)"
76561198113867333,Recommended,614570,34972532,Posted: 15 September,all,Twshadowninja,"Honestly?I loved it.This and Daud's DLC's are defintly my favourite dishonored games.Storyline was excellent.Replayability seems really solid.Ending Blew me away (both of them)The games levels seem to be a huge challange for non lethal ghost (Super hyped to try)Seems speedrunable.The way billy gets her ""Powers"" was done perfectly.The lethal ending shocked me, I had predicted something much different as a lot of the long time dishonored fans probably did.Non lethal was done perfectly, though I think we are all asking the same question.Overall - Game of the year (for me)"
76561198046015574,Recommended,614570,34978840,Posted: 15 September,all,Ahab,"The ending let me down a little, that aside it's more Dishonored, what's not to love?"
76561198107370361,Recommended,614570,35057254,Posted: 18 September,all,potato,"After reading some of other people's reviews I can see why people wouldnt reccomend this game, 1. Its a full 30 dollars (half of the 2nd game's price) 2. Only 5 missions to play.  But ultimately, if your a fan of this series, buy this game, if you played both Dishonored 1 and 2 and want more Dishonored-like games buy this game when on sale. Billie's powers are limited, but can be fun to play around with. I personally loved the return of the Assassin's blade from the first game because it was one ofmy favorites, and overall, it's great as a DLC game.Although I didn't like the fact that the outsider dies since he's a god and someone who just watches over the world as it changes,I like the story. The first and second missions are decent, I felt like the third one was stupid (being the rework of a map in the second game which is my personal least favorite), and the last map was probably my favorite in the entire Dishonored franchise, it has amazing visuals like the void tends to have while being extremely difficult, I found myself dying over and over again from either the envisioned or all of the cultists. I greatly reccomend this game to anyone who liked a Dishonored game before."
,Recommended,614570,35169508,Posted: 23 September,all,C_Walshie,"People complain about the shortness of the missions, the lack of content for this game, but I just don't see it. I pulled thirteen hours out of my first playthrough opf DOTO, through appreciating every nook and cranny of Arkane's final, brilliant creation for the Kaldwin period of Dishonored games. It's story is fitting and wraps up what was an incredibly original and clever trilogy in a way that makes me proud for having played it. Definitely pick this game up if you've played the previous games or enjoyed their story or masterful design, because DOTO extends and does justice to it's predecessors.It also runs very well, which is always welcome."
76561198180978450,Recommended,614570,35058825,Posted: 18 September,all,dansaarebas,"A perfect end to this chapter of the Dishonored story. Billie is a fantastic character and her powers were the most fun to play around with out of all of them we've had. Arkane has my money any time they want to explore this world again, in whatever form it takes next."
,Recommended,614570,34978908,Posted: 15 September,all,Tom,"This story perfectly complements the original one, which started in ""Dishonored 2"". If you love/like previously ""full-batch parts"" of the series - take it."
,Not Recommended,614570,35156717,Posted: 23 September,all,Beowulf,"bloody worst game ever , it's just the same as the last two but worst , no powers , same executions , same endings , and not even free mode ,DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,614570,35036488,Posted: 17 September,all,Badger,"I don't dislike this game, I find it to be really fun from the gameplay side of things, but from a story standpoint I'll have to agree with the many other reviews here. The writing of the main characters are just dull and flat. Dishonored 1 and 2 were both really amazing games but this one is subpar.I would probably recommend this game if the price were lower, and it's not too bad in the US at $30, but in other regions it's much too expensive.With that being said I still had a lot of fun exploring the levels and doing the contracts and finding my way through the missions, and I'm going to probably play it through a couple times on different difficulties and on original game+. but this is because I might as well since I bought it."
,Recommended,614570,35058933,Posted: 18 September,all,t850terminator,"Its like Dishonored 2 but it actually runs.This standalone expansion consists of 5 mission which took me about 10 hours to complete.Like always, gameplay, world-building and level design is excellent, and there is plenty of freedom in how you choose to approach a situation.The game also finally fixes the Chaos system by removing it entirely. (Harvey Smith finally realizing he got morality systems right the first time with the OG Deus Ex)Edit: A word."
,Recommended,614570,35088447,Posted: 20 September,all,procreator,"I've seen a high amount of negative reviews for this game, and as a longtime dishonored player I feel like I need to make some comments.First of all, if you haven't gone through at least 8 playthroughs and invested at least 100 hours... you aren't playing Dishonored.  One playthrough where you rush through on easy mode, slashing away at every enemy that comes into your wake, and finish in a ten hour spree isn't enough to review this game.  Each level is IMMENSE.  I thought some of the Dishonored 2 maps were huge, but this blew my mind.  Every corner there was a new challenge or enemy to face off against with 4 or more different possible scenarios to defeat it.  The VoidEngine is looking better than ever, and it makes Dishonored 2 feel like a beta for some larger project.  The shadowing, effecting, retexturizing is BEAUTIFUL in this game, and it's the little things in the game that make or break it.However I would like to go over some of the pros and cons of this game.Pros:>The VoidEngine is nearly perfect, and I didn't have a single glitch on my mid-tier rig running at medium settings.>Awesome lore in the game that matches perfectly with all the lore found throughout the entire Dishonored series>Displace was VERY difficult to get used to after using Blink, but once I got the hang of it,  it blew my mind on some of the cool stuff you could do.  I set a marker, ran literally across the map to get around to a window where I could see the marker, then teleported inside a locked room.  And none of that describes the awesome combat ability that it bestows upon you>Just an awesome all-around experience for this series, and I genuinely hope to see more from Arkane.Cons:>No rune system - Instead of using runes, the game has hundreds of bonecharms strewn about Cyria, and a few dozen of them are the powers from the original Dishonored.  I didn't like this because the game felt cluttered and I wasn't able to use some of the bonecharms due to having such a low limit.  I personally recommend doing a system where runes are collectible and instead of using the mark, the runes upgrade your Void Arm's potential (i.e., Strong Arms, Instant Blink, Possesion, Stop Time) and give more of an opportunity to create better fatalities.>Displace has it's cons as well.  It was difficult to teleport onto ledges and it would try to drop you 30 feet in the air.  Although the bonecharm made it possible to instantly Displace, it was difficult to place exactly where you wanted to go.  I was a huge fan of Blink in Dishonored 2 with it's stop time ability and it made exploring much more fun.  I found it difficult to go some places with Billie's Displace, and it proved that exploring Cyria would be much more difficult that expected.I HIGHLY recommend this and every Dishonored game.  Easily my favorite game series of all time, and I cannot wait to see more from Arkane.  A+ job to an A+ story."
76561198029126609,Recommended,614570,35056303,Posted: 18 September,all,Padishah,"A solid standalone expansion, like the ones in the golden age of PC gaming.Its pretty much everything you know and love from the main series. The campaign length is around 7-10 hours and slightly shorter than the average game length of the main games. Overall the game offers you a new set of powers and tools to play around with. I should note that I found a lot of the newer powers and tools to be leaning towards non lethal play more so. Opposed to the main game powers that didnt lean one way or the other.Generally not much I can say beyond the fact its the same really good gameplay and world building. With a serviceable story to boot. Just like all of the other games and DLC, the world feels alive and breathing. I should note that this expansion is clearly on a budget as some areas are re used albiet thankfully with a few changes so it doesnt feel entirely repetitive.So yeah a no brainer for Dishonored fans and Stealth fans. But for its length considering that its the same length as the individual DH1 DLC it should have been much much cheaper.8/10 one of the top games this year."
76561197963555405,Recommended,614570,35049296,Posted: 18 September,all,Allan,"I can recommend the game.Pros:- It runs well for me (core i7 920 & nvidia gtx 980)- It took me little over 10 hours to finish the game, and i consider that time worth my money.- New game mechanics are awesome (black bonecharms that drastically alter gameplay, energy regen, new powers for billie)Cons:- Main plot narrative is weak.It starts off weak. Gets interesting in the middle, but ends weakly.PS. dont mind the people who say they completed it in 5 hours or less. They have been speedrunning the game. There is a lot of content in the form of side missions and contracts. If you skip all that and rush the main objective, then perhaps the game can be completed in 5 hours or less, but your missing out on a lot.Why even buy the game if you dont intend to ""play"" it?"
,Recommended,614570,35152173,Posted: 23 September,all,Kelso,"DotO continues the Arkane tradition of finely crafted levels, beautiful visuals and intriguing story. This time some light is shed on the most mysterious individual in the story, the Outsider himself, and some pretty great details emerge about the history of the world. The variations in mechanics from the regular game are also really fun to play around with, leaving you feeling like things are familiar but different enough to allow you to find new strengths and weaknesses in your arsenal.My only gripe is that there was no ""Clean Hands"" achievement (finishing the game without killing anyone) this time around, as I alway strive for those in these kind of games, but it was an enjoyable ride from beginning to end, and I definitely hope this wasn't the last visit to the Dishonored world. Every inch of these games ooze atmosphere and I can't help but long to explore more of it!"
,Recommended,614570,35206676,Posted: 25 September,all,sauravmaddog,Dishonored : Death of my social life
76561197990785685,Not Recommended,614570,35047843,Posted: 18 September,all,MattSch21,"Dishonored 1 and 2 are 2 of my 10 favorite videogames of all time. This game is so much worse than the other Dishonored games that I am is disbelief. Mechanics are still good, but the level design is♥♥♥♥♥ Fun to murder but stealth is ruined with just awful level design and broken enemy scripting. Narrative is also worse than previous games and daud and the outsider seem to have different personalities. This game was blatantly rushed. If this game wasn't titled Dishonored it would be a borderline thumbs up, but being such a dissapopintment, I can't reccomend it. Plus I'm now finding bugs that make completing certain contracts  impossible. Truly unacceptable. Wasted 8 hours trrying to do every contract, but can't because a corpse spawned in the wrong place. This type of♥♥♥♥♥♥is expected from Bethesda but that doesn't make it ok. This bug has made me so frustrated I probably won't finish the game. I played DH 1 & 2 and knife of dunwall 3 times each. I can't express how dissapointed I am in this game."
76561198323298850,Not Recommended,614570,35046589,Posted: 18 September,all,Pugnator,"Nothing new worth looking at, Poor level design, Boring missions, No power upgrades, No REAL new weapons, Story is bland, How can they release this after making the original."
,Not Recommended,614570,35051100,Posted: 18 September,all,AnarkisT,"I've fully played through the game 2 times, and have done just about everything there is to do so I think I'm ready to write a decent reviewFor starters, I was so hyped for this game, especially since Daud was my favorite Character from D1, But I unfortunately have to say I don't think it lived up to my expectations.There were only 5 missions, which for the price would be fine, if a few of the maps weren't re-used so frequently, one of them is basically a rework of The Royal Conservatory from D2, which I found pretty disapointing.The biggest thing that ruined the game for me was how inneffective Displace turned out to be (Displace is basically blink) It just has no range, and while its useful, you'll find that it makes moving across the map much more clunky and hard to do, on the other hand, I love the improvements to the Mana system, and the other power, Semblence, is really cool as well.I think the inclusion of a karma system would have done lots for the replayability of the game, but unfortunately no such system exists in Death of the Outsider.Overall, I found it to be underwhelming, I wouldn't reccomend it for 30$, but I'd probably pick it up for 15$ and if you REALLY want it, 20$, but I can't say its a 30$ game."
76561198063066383,Recommended,614570,34973094,Posted: 15 September,all,Proxel,"If you liked the first two, you'll probably like this."
,Recommended,614570,35001103,Posted: 16 September,all,Sphenoïd,"Some people might find some changes disturbing, yet if they're honest, they'll admit those changes make sense. Magic works slightly differently because billie has never been marked by the outsider, and passive upgrades through runes are no more, but you can still use core mechanics such as double-jumping or bloodthrist via bonecharms (a whole bunch of them) that you will collect as you play. I was at first disappointed y the ""lack"" of progression system before I realised that it was still there, under a different form for plot and lore coherence.The gameplay is every bit as awesome it's always been, but slightly more hardcore : the AI has received an upgrade, the ennemies are more numerous and WAY more dangerous. I've always played on max difficulty buth this is the first time in DH that I've found myself thinking ""they're four, let's avoid that"". As Billie, the help your magic can proide is more limited combat-wise, and your plethora of gadgets won't save you if you go into a fight without planning. Big improvement in my opinion, even though feeling like a semi-god was great in the previous episodes of the franchise. Yet, this is the game's point : Billie Lurk has never been a major character like Corvo, Daud or Emily. Her powers are far less developed, but she makes up for them with a mix of professionalism and brutality (her new moves are AWESOME).The art is just as much of a masterpiece than it was in DH2, with some truly breathtaking environments (especially by the end of the game). I couldn't say why, but I feel like music has improved over time in the DH franchise, and this one confirms it : the atmosphere is great, from the dark alleys of Karnaca to the cold depths of the Void.The game is what you could expect for half the price of DH2 : I've finished mine in 14 hours without feeling like I was lingering, even rushing a bit at the end (I haven't read all the lore books or completed all of the contracts either), and even though there is only one protagonist, replaying it seems tempting due to the various ways you have to complete missions, and the numerous side quests.Talking about side quests ! The contract system is GREAT : it gives you little objectives, sometimes as much or more challenging than the main one, and fill each level of stories and details which, combined to the already existing NPC storylines, boosts the already strong ""closed level that feels like a tiny open world"" feeling.The main arc is not as detailed as it could have been, but the game explores a lot of the Void lore, the cults around it, the connection between the Oracular Order and the Abbey, etc ... A nice addition to the Dishonored Universe.Final verdict : sliglty different yet still as agreable, a bit more challenging and lore-oriented, DotO is worth its price and a worthy part of the dishonored Franchise. 8,5/10"
,Recommended,614570,35052181,Posted: 18 September,all,Ibaudia,Better than DH2 in most ways surprisingly enough
76561198107093846,Recommended,614570,34991197,Posted: 16 September,all,Pixel,"Pretty solid overall. If you liked Dishonored 2, I'd recommend this one as well. Wasn't the biggest fan of the first mission, but everything after that is hella good. Also, the new powers are sweet. Took me roughly eight hours to finish, but I feel like I'd easily be able to do another playthrough without getting bored.The only major criticism I can offer is that the lack of replayability however. Whilst I feel you could get away with doing a lethal and non-lethal playthrough, playthroughs after that may get stale. I feel this is due to the inability to upgrade powers, which doesn't allow the play to experiment with other builds.So, yeah, if you're a fan of Dishonored, I'd reccomend it for the price. Otherwise, it's probably better to wait for a sale.TL;DR : Pretty solid, I feel like it can stand at a standalone game in the series.  8/10"
76561198110474689,Recommended,614570,35315535,Posted: 29 September,all,DeepeningSilence,"New, refreshing powers. Old characters that you probably care about more than most of the NPCs in the base game. A storyline that doesn't try too hard, but keeps it pretty interesting throughout. It's short, but sweet, with some fun achievements and different settings that allow for a little bit of replayability. If you enjoyed Dishonored 2, you'll enjoy this. If you were somewhat disappointed by Dishonored 2 and miss the original, this still might be for you, as it follows closely in the footsteps of The Knife of Dunwall and you don't need to own Dishonored 2 to play it, though it's referenced numerous times. All in all, I actually enjoyed this a bit more than the base game of Dishonored 2, although that's not to say I didn't enjoy that either, this just felt much less contrived and interesting, with characters that felt more human."
76561198009608134,Recommended,614570,34988355,Posted: 15 September,all,damiJESUS,"keep in mind that most likely all the negative reviews are coming from performance/starting problemsmy system ( i5 4460, gtx 750 ti ) can run in without problems on 1920 resolution / low settingsthe game itself is just awesome"
76561198054519531,Recommended,614570,35011653,Posted: 16 September,all,Sparrow,"I wasn't too sure about this game going into it. But I must admit that I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of fun this game holds.You assume the role of Billie lurk from the Knife of Dunwall expansion and *Spoiler*Dishonored 2 (Posing as Meagon Foster).At first it is confusing but you are playing as a version of Billie that didn't suffer the loss of her limbs through the original story line, but has dreams that retain the memories from that 'version' of her. Leading to some interesting character development. As the title suggests you are going to redeem yourself and assassinate a God, at the same time.Pros:If you love Dishonored then congratulations! It's more Dishonored! This isn't a 'game' (not even a game, a stand alone expansion) that will make you change your mind about the series if you already have an opinion but i couldn't find anything that subtract from it either.The optional mission objectives are a nice touch as well, making the sandbox environment a bit deeper.It only bolsters my adorement for the series which brings me to my next point:Great voice acting and story. We've always had the outsider exist as an important figure in the story lines, even more so in the second installation, However this story line tried its best to take the lore as we know it and package it up into pretty well executed bite of information.Cons:It's simplymoredishonored, not that i can fault them heavily for this, but the maps are just one big asset dump from the Dishonored 2, if not an outright copy of sections. The core game play is exactly the same, just reskinned.The only things that were different (sort of) were Billie's take on the Void's powerups and a few of the interactions between her powers and the environment which I found really cool.And the length (12hs for me) is something that has people thinking twice about purchasing this game. It has decent replayablity (if you're into that) but the lack of outright story material after the 12-14 play point makes it a harder buy for some people to make. Which is totally understandable.All in All I'd give it a :6.8/10It's more of the same so if you liked Dishonored 2 and would've kept playing it if you had fresh powers and a new narrative then you'll probably spend a weekend blasting through this. But it definitely isn't a game i'd recommend for someone who isn't already a fan/being a bit more economic with their dollar to playtime conversions."
76561198099253174,Recommended,614570,35012980,Posted: 16 September,all,Morsictus | Irisveil,"I already finished the game (7 hours). It only has 5 missions, but there's a lot more room to do a bunch of extra stuff in. Pretty good. The stuff you learn about the Outsider is pretty cool. I wish it hadn't cost 30 dollars though, because for five missions and just 7 hours of gameplay (for me at least) to complete it seems -kind of- a rip off, but then again, since I just finished it, I gotta get 70+ hours of doing random poo like I did in Dishonored 2 (and Dishonored deserves all my money anyway so). You get 3 left hand powers, and 3 kinda misc powers, and those are granted at the end of mission 3 I think except for one. The only major disappointment was as I've said, the price, and the lack of a New Game+. It offers an Original Game+, which lets you use Dishonored 2's powers, which in my opinion is not worthwhile. By Dishonored 2's powers, I specifically mean blink, domino, and dark vision, and those -replace- the new 3 powers instead of letting you use the 6 of them together. It also doesn't let you keep bonecharms from any save in the original game+, just so you know. I'm tempted to say I don't recommend this game, but that's just because it felt like I paid too much and because I can't use new game+, but this game was fun, it's Dishonored, and nothing was terrible about it. I'm not going to be the common steam user who doesn't recommend a game just because their computer couldn't handle it or because of a single flaw that didn't actually matter in the long run. Btw, my GPU and CPU are GTX 1060 6gb and i5 6400 and it runs quite flawlessly on high settings. Ultra drops it around 40 sometimes.(I never experienced performance issues on Dishonored 2, I have no idea what people were complaining about)"
76561198133661496,Recommended,614570,35033765,Posted: 17 September,all,ShoGoki,"11/10already loved the Dishonored franchise for its story and gameplay mechanics, and this DLC takes everything that makes these games so good and they make it look so fresh once again. The mission were fun, enemies were tough, the story was more immersive compared to Dishonored 2, and the abilities gave you heaps of options how to handle the situation. There wasn't a single moment of frustration based on the game design.Worth the 30 euros if you ask me."
,Recommended,614570,35034900,Posted: 17 September,all,Hetty,"TITLERATING OUT OF 10Description!Graphics8The graphics are honestly really good. I personally did not see anything wrong with it. The character design is well done. Also, the map design is nice.Music6Not much to say here other than the  regular combat music you get when you get detected. It's not like this game is Ori in the Blind Forest or something you know….Cinematics7They are nice I guess… The cinematics are done more in a comic style. They are nice but nothing like crazy 3D animated ones. Most of the talking is done through the characters themselves while you're playing so you’ll see them talking and you can go on with your business and do your thing.Story5To be honest this might’ve been the worst part of the game. It is super short and nothing too crazy. I don’t mind short stories but If I am playing this much money for them I at least have to be like “WHAT??” at the end…Content5Ohhh boiiiii Maps are reused and do few missions in the same location. I didn't mind this that much as I have not played the other dishonored game by my self I have just seen the let’s plays of it.Controls9They are pretty easy to get used to. Even for me who has not played any other dishonored game this was pretty simple.Gameplay9Alright This is something that makes this game kinda worth it. The gameplay is fun trust me. You can either go all serious and destroy people or have fun with it… Kill people chop their heads off and throw em into a furnace hehe. Or try to be super sneaky and kill everyone without anyone noticing.Another thing after you’re done with the game it gives you an option to play the game with abilities from dishonored 2 so if you are looking for replayability this could help you towards that. I have yet to try this and see how much it changes the gameplay.Soo far I have gotten about 9 hours gameplay out of this! I have completed the full story and I did not rush anything. I like to take my games slow… This is kind of a problem tho as I go by the $1 = 1 Hour rule which means this game should’ve been  a 10 dollar DLC but unfortunately it's not. I guess I still enjoyed the game so can’t be mad about that.Have updated the review! :DHope you like the style of review!"
76561198014670961,Recommended,614570,35090294,Posted: 20 September,all,Grey,"Death of the outsider:while its a nice ending to the franchise and an ok game.im still disappointed with only getting 4 powers and those 4 powers cannot get upgraded.they are fun powers, but going through the game with only those to play with, got boring real fast."
,Recommended,614570,35094588,Posted: 20 September,all,OrarParjai,"This game was phenomenal. Some hiccups in the engine, with a few areas that had frame drops. But the story was great, the replayability is phenomenal and I will be putting many more hours into this one."
76561198065589391,Not Recommended,614570,35108620,Posted: 21 September,all,Carrot,"As an avid fan of the Dishonored series since the first game released, I can say this is the weakest installment yet. That doesn't necessarily mean it's bad - I enjoyed it very much, but think it falls short in too many areas for such a high price tag. WARNING SPOILERS AHEAD. TL;DR BELOW.GAMEPLAYRegenerating void energy/mana and receiving all the powers at once allows for a welcome breakthrough in the Dishonored series: the story and puzzles can be driven by the powers. Many times I had to solve puzzles with my powers to progress, which hasn't been possible in previous Dishonored games due to the fact some players may not have the powers required to progress. If everyone has the same powers, the story and puzzles can develop to incorporate these. However, granting all the powers removes the joy of discovering runes and progressing your character, so its a flawed system. Also, 3 powers is not enough, especially when none of them directly aid you in combat. Talking with rats was a useless addition, and while void strike is useful you both receive it too late and its impact is too small. Semblance had so much potential with character interactions but doesn't provide anywhere near what I expected on this front, often you just hear 'are you feeling alright?' with no reaction to whoever you're impersonating. Finally, very few choices in the game, and no chaos system to give consequence to any decisions you make either. Dishonored games have always stood out to me for their level of player choice and the impact these choices have - so Death of the Outsider is a very poor addition to the series in this regard.LOCATIONS/LEVEL DESIGNKarnaca is a great location, but seeing more of the Empire of the Isles, rather than just more of the same, would have been nice. On top of this, Death of the Outsider has completely abandoned one of the core design philosophies behind the promotion and success of Dishonored 2: the developers tried their best to make every level in Dishonored 2 feel like a unique slice of the world, with equally unique experiences. This is where Death of the Outsider shows its weakness once again. Level 1 is an interesting new slice of Karnaca: a deprived, 'back-alley' feeling district with illegal practices hidden in a fresh type of building for the series. However, it is terribly linear with little exploration (a key foundation of the series) to be had. Level 2 and 3 centre on an upper class district that feels alive and gives us a taste of the class system in place within Karnaca. However, after exploring it fully in level 2 - as the game encourages you to with collectables and contracts scattered across the map - I was extrememly disapointed to find a copy paste of the exact same area taking up two thirds of level 3. You can even look around lots of the bank that level 3 is 'centered around' during level 2, and level 3 forces you to explore all the same areas once again to see everything on offer! The bank was great, but was ruined by all the back tracking and retracing of my steps I had to do beforehand. Desperate for a fresh experience after the disapointing level 3, I entered level 4 and nearly uninstalled the game when I saw the location: a copy paste of the Royal Conservatory from Dishonored 2!! And what made it worse was that half of the district that I remembered enjoying in Dishonored 2 was closed off! All I was left with was the interior of the Conservatoiry that I'd seen dozens of times before, and while the introduction of new enemies and more lore was nice, it did nothing to fight back my boredom. So I embarked on level 5 excited for the new area, and while the mines were interesting at first, I slowly realised the devs had used this final level to pad out their already very short DLC. Areas stopped seeming fresh and were just rocky landscapes filled with more and more enemies, and I had no contracts or side objectives to excite me so I was left to slog it out for hours before the final encounter. And without heavy spoilers, the final encounter was one of the most disapointing parts of the entire DLC! The choice does not feel impactful, and the encounter is dull and boring from a gameplay perspective. Overall the levels were too linear and copy pasted, on top of the fact they contained very few actual memorable moments compared to previous, stronger installments in the series. A poor show for the price I paid.STORYI won't give heavy spoilers, but the game gives it's best reveal in the damn title! And the reveal is very poor and feels hollow; Daud is a legend of this series, and is a shadow of the character he once was. This is not a good thing. I understand he's old and sick but even his dialogue has no depth to it and is just errand after errand for Billie. The fact Billie just obeys everything Daud says is disappointing too. She is a very bland, one-note character who had so much potential as a darker more mysterious female protagonist than Emily from Dishonored 2. But the writing is poor, I never felt a single drop of empathy or care for Billie, and herself and the story needed more time/levels to be able to flourish. Deidre plotline goes nowhere and is unecessary filler that had so much potential (It could have been a side plot connected to the void spilling into the world and the Ritual Hold or something.) And finally the ending... So many loose ends ready to get tied off in a huge finale for the series: Cults hidden in the mountains and in everyday society, Billie's arm and eye lost to the void, the Outsider desperate to keep his life yet accepting of his fate, and constant talk of how the void will find another god. Not to mention Deidre for god's sake. I know Dishonored likes to leave us with more questions than answers, but to have such a powerful final decision result in a few lines of brief and awfully written monologue is a shame to the entire universe of Dishonored. A massive anti-climax and an injustice to the amazing character that was the Outsider. The lack of player choice, and impact on the world around you, is the cherry on top of the failure that is this story.TL;DROverall, this 'Dishonored 2.5' doesn't even feel like half of a game. Incredible potential with story and characters that fall flat on their face, alongside a huge anti-climax and almost no impactful player choice. The most linear levels of the series to date, once again stripping the privilege of choice from the player. Copy pasted areas, in a game already too short and unoriginal for the price tag. And finally, only 3 powers that allow for brilliant puzzles and some memorable moments, but overall remove the satisfaction of character progression and - once more - player choice. Impactful decisions and choices have underpinned the Dishonored franchise and made it stand out for years, so this weak addition to the series spits in the face of devoted fans. Buy it on sale if you're a fan of the franchise, otherwise your money is wasted here."
76561198114052481,Recommended,614570,35135453,Posted: 22 September,all,ShadowSlayer02,if you've loved the previous dishonored games this is a must have and it's a good port too not great just good
,Recommended,614570,34984316,Posted: 15 September,all,Tntcat,"The absolute best game in existance in my opinion. Dishonored has always been a great series, but this takes it to a whole other level of amazing."
76561198079496382,Recommended,614570,34987838,Posted: 15 September,all,SupMatto |K|,"So let's start it off by saying that there is absolutely no launch stability issues with this game. It is very unlike Dishonored 2 in that sense. So that's very good. As for the story it should take you 5-7 hours depending on how much looking around you do through out the levels. There's 5 missions and the environments are very well done. I particularly enjoyed the bank heist level a lot because of all the different approaches you can take to it. Anyways there is a massive amount of replayabilty in the sense that you'll be able to go back through the levels with Emily and Corvo's powers, on new difficulties, and lethal or non lethal. Another strong entry in the Dishonored franchise for sure."
,Recommended,614570,35005622,Posted: 16 September,all,D0ubl_3,"Loved this game, a great finish to the Dishonored franchise, (if that really is the end), definintely alot of fun to play.Not as replayable as dishonored 1 & 2, kinda only 1 or 2 ways to go through each mission. There are a bunch of glitches still that should be removed in time such as guards trying to attack you with their swords shiethed or people running in place at walls. Overall a lot of fun and a really well done story. The character development for Billy was kind of weird but good. Game mechanics seemed better then in previous games, new tools to use that are really funny.I liked that the mana regens over time instead of having to collect viles, makes more overall sense in terms of how Billy's powers work.Overall really well done, 10/10"
,Recommended,614570,35065075,Posted: 19 September,all,PapíDimmi,"This game is pretty different to previous Dishonored games in that there’s no power progression system with runes, but overall, it still feels like a Dishonored game. It features Billie Lurk as the playable character, with three new powers, new weapons, etc. I do feel a bit disappointed that there are no runes or unlockable powers or power upgrades, but the game is still super fun, even with just three powers. You’ve still got bonecharms, weapons, gadgets, and all that good stuff.It has nothing to do with Dishonored 2’s story, and it’s certainly not DLC or an expansion pack. This is a full-fledged game for half the price of your average AAA game. It’s an entirely new adventure, and it’s super fun.If you loved Dishonored and Dishonored 2, you’ll love this game. If youdidn’tenjoy any of the Dishonored games, this probably is not the game for you.By the way, I started playing this game on the day it launched, and it ran perfectly fine. I had, and still have, a consistent frame rate of 60–80 fps on high settings with a GTX 1070. You don’t need to wory about performance issues or crashes if you meet the minimum system requirements."
,Recommended,614570,35123852,Posted: 22 September,all,kethlin_mil,It was really nice to return to Dishonored once again. New skills and gadgets are super cool!
,Recommended,614570,35021383,Posted: 17 September,all,Cryp710n,"Im not sure if Im wrong or not but the only thing I dont like about this game is that it feels short. I cant be botherd to find out if it is any shorter than either 1 or 2, but I love everything else. The fact that my gameplay style of dishonored was completetly changed during my time playing this game because of the different energy system. The new powers give a fun amount of different things to do and I just started my first game of ng+ and Im having fun with that. I recommend this game if you liked the gameplay of the second game."
,Recommended,614570,35090680,Posted: 20 September,all,marble,"Ingenious combination of new content and reusing but modifying content from Dishonored 2.And all reused stuff has not just been modified in general but instead in a way that makes sense - assuming some time since D2 has passed and how that might have effected the revisited locations.No matter if reused or not - all of ""Death of the Outsider"" plays as new - no matter if new or reused - playing through the levels is NOT a repeat of D2 (yeah, it's also a bit shorter than D1 or D2 - but I still think the price tag is right)All of this has allowed Arkane to create this game in way less than half the time of what is took to create D2 and to offer it for about half the price - but it plays and feels like a ""full-priced"" game.Normally, I list pros and cons - but in tis case, so far, I've simply not encountered any cons!God, I hope Bethesda will continue to create immersive games like Dishonored, Prey and the like - the latest news as to overall revenue of such games doesn't sound good. :-(I hope they still will go for it anyway - there are too few other major publishers/producers left willing and able to create games like this.Instead of ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the price tag everyone should honor the fact of how much money, effort and good writers are needed to create these immersive games in contrast to there being fewer people liking and buying these games (as e.g. compared to the MASSES willing to buy a GTA game).EDIT:-  full play-through on HARD taking my time: 33h- Some reviews mention ""too many enemies"" in last level - not true - normal number and all Dishonored playstyles apply: either avoid, subdue or kill them...- one CON: ""Original Game+"" isn't really worth much - kinda boring and not a ""New Game+"" at all -> better start a fresh new game from scratch with a different play-style (kill/subdue/avoid)"
,Recommended,614570,35091630,Posted: 20 September,all,Cognir,"I'm honestly quite surprised by the general response I've seen so far in many of the ""Most Helpful Reviews"". For me, this was an excellent end to this storyline spanning fromthe assassination of Empress Jessamine Kaldwintothe ""end"" of the Outsider.GameplayThe Dishonored franchise continues to impress in the field of level design, smooth gameplay, entertaining and useful gadgets and powers, as well as new types of enemies and side missions. If you enjoyed the gameplay in the other Dishonored games, or alternatively enjoy any level-based Action-adventure game (Thief for example), this game sure won't disappoint you.Level DesignWhat surprised me most about the missions / levels in this game was the re-using of the same new area twice, as well as one from Dishonored 2. Whilst this initially seemed like a greedy move to squeeze as much out of everything as possible, I found that, after exploring them for a longer time, they had large differences from previous iterations, and provided a weirdly entertaining experience, knowing where to go, but finding a way blocked, or changed in some way. The additions of different goals and different enemies spiced them up even though they were in the large scale the ""same"" map.EquipmentNew powers and gadgets give a new layer on top of these levels, and I continue to have fun with everything they add in the different iterations. Billie Lurk's powers are reminiscent of others, but have their own twist, working equally as well while also making it different and fun.Side MissionsThe Contract system is not exactly the Granny Rags storyline from the first game and its DLCs, but are fun enough and add some extra incentive to explore.MusicBy god, the music in this game and its predecessors. Daniel Licht, the composer of most of the Soundtrack, sadly passed away mere weeks ago, leaving us with this game and its music as his final goodbye. Boy, does that make this already terrific soundtrack even more powerful, raw, and emotional. I sometimes simply sat and waited in a corner to hear the full song playing in an area, afraid I would miss it if I walked off. The songs, as well as the general ambience, add so much to the game, and create an enhanced experience that you definitely should not miss out on. HAVE THE MUSIC ON!PlotI guess this might be the area where many would disagree with me. As a huge fan of the Dishonored series (My favourite games), I expected a good ending to what had been built in the first two games, and I'm completely satisfied with what was given to me in this game. I've seen people criticize the depth of the characters, and how the Outsider is portrayed, but I find none of these things accurate. Whilst the plot in a nutshell is simplistic, and might seem a bit unmotivated, looking between the cracks and reading the lore of these games shows to me that all the actions and personalities in shown in this game are very true to color, and very well done.The following is my spoiler-heavy personal interpretation of the Story, and why I find it so satisfying.Billie Lurk has been spending years upon years away from Daud - the man she betrayed; the man who let her live. After a long time hiding from her past as Meagan Foster, she's finally found her road to redeem herself. She searches for Daud, every clue, every trace, for a chance to make things right. When she finds him, and he gives her the mission he has taken on, it's obvious that she would agree. This is Daud, the man who raised her, taught her, forgave her. He's the wisest man she knows, and she sees her chance to make right. For Daud, and for everyone that came to harm due to them, and due to the Brigmore witches, of which she assisted. Going after the Outsider isn't just because he's an evil being. Its because of her conscience, her retribution; it's the way to end it once and for all.Daud lived on for these years regretting what he had done in his past. When he killed the Empress, he gained clarity, and realised that he was a tool for a larger game, a chesspiece used for its purpose: Killing. It seems the story follows Daud as low-chaos - having left behind his ways of killing without remorse. He looks back at his actions and can't do anything but lament over them, and the power that made him into the brutal killing machine he was, came from the Outsider. He had seen, experienced, what the Outsider's gift could do, and looking at what future ""Dauds"" might do. What atrocities would the next person granted the Outsider's mark commit? The only way to stop it, is to remove the root - The Outsider.The Outsider is a god. But only in the state he is in as ""The Outsider"". Before being used by the cultists to create this god-like being, he was a normal person. A youth. An orphan. He was completely innocent, and was no more evil than any other normal person. When he was struck with the blade, and sacrificed to the Void, he became something different. He was no longer that young man, he was a god that could see all, and was in a state unimaginable to normal beings. There is a distinct difference between who The Outsider is, and who The Outsider was as a mortal. If you decide to free him of his godly state, he loses everything that was not part of the sacrificed boy. He remembers everything he's seen, done, and thought, but his mind is no longer that of an allmighty being. That part of him is lost, and what remains is the boy from long ago. In the end, he's just a scared, innocent kid, given a cruel fate by those truly twisted. He's not some kind of Emo kid who is ""edgy"" and illogical for being scared and sad over the state he was put in. The Outsider you saw in Dishonored 1 and 2 was that curious, allmighty being, that felt no more than interest in the games of the mortal. That didn't disappear. What did happen was the separation of that evil being, from the boy it had manifested in."
,Recommended,614570,35091854,Posted: 20 September,all,Spooky Skeleton bets.gg,"I just started mission 3.Until now the gameplay is fluent,no drop frames.The story seems interesting so far.There's a lot of side-quests and contracts.Still i don't think it's worth 30 euros.(maybe like 15-20 euros)10/10 would hook someone to a mine .Idk if this is a minus but there's no chaos system and you start with all powers.I've heard that Original Game+ is kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198069764402,Recommended,614570,35091911,Posted: 20 September,all,it's dot com!,"It's MORE DISHONORED! Mission design is good, though there's a bit of reuse, writing has improved a bit over the last one, and performance is usually 60 FPS even on my gimpy Core 2 Duo.This one REALLY plays up the Thief tributing; due to some stuff I won't spoil, mainly because it's mostly in the ending."
,Recommended,614570,35006404,Posted: 16 September,all,2f,"So much better then Dishonored 2, yet it's only barebones. The story continues from the daud story arc from D1, and everything is done so well. The old power system is gone, you now get abilities/powers and weapons by progressing and bone charms, making picking up bonecharms alot more relevant. Personally, I like this but I think the ability to upgrade should of been included, it is really not as bad as it sounds. The powers you do get are some of the best in a dishonored game, including an ability resembling noclip, and functions of this are exploited throughout the game, you will find an area and be like ""ha, I glitched the map!"" just to find something to do with the quest on a table infront of you. The story is extremely short and takes a while to takeoff, but when it does it is extremely fun. The endings are good, but limited, the only choice that matters is your last choice, if you get high chaos you can still do the low chaos ending. Plus it has a better launch then D2, I can run it on ultra where in D2 I couldnt launch it for the first week."
76561198107171516,Recommended,614570,34963396,Posted: 14 September,all,SherLoch,"So far a great game, expertly crafted levels and more of that diverse and interesting combat and gameplay as we've seen in Dishonored 2. Runs smoothly for me and no issues with it so far. I think it's great to see the point of view of Daud, who's seen just how bad a deal with the outsider can really be. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,614570,34974888,Posted: 15 September,all,PestilenZ,"FANTASTIC standalone, runs much smoother than Dishonored 2 did initially, no crashes or bugs so far (running on 1070/i7). New exciting story and familiar world. I'm only hoping it isnt too short, as the price is half of the other Dishonored games."
76561198397174668,Not Recommended,614570,35016098,Posted: 16 September,all,Deluxo19,Awful dlc not a standalone game refunded in 1 hour of playing. Dishonored 2 is waaaay beteer than this it feels like a rushed game that maybe like a few people in the company made and they said ♥♥♥♥ it lets make a dlc polaying as billie because it's the best thing they could think of just trust me you aren't possibly going to be satisfied paying 30 dollars for this.
,Recommended,614570,34967048,Posted: 15 September,all,Ticking,"I had decent performance through my first playthrough, with minimal stutters here and there, but a big improvement over Dishonored 2.The gameplay feels exactly like Dishonored 2 but with some different mechanics. Since you are playing as a new character you have new abilites, but sadly they aren't as deep as where in Dishonored 1/2 you can pick and choose what abilities you want to upgrade, DotO just has 3 abilities, and thats it. also you have a few new gadgets and they are all useful in almost every situation.There are only 5 missions, but they are pretty big and two of them reuse the same map, but one of them has a inside area that's pretty big. Not the longest game but it's longer than Dishonored 1's DLC, the game also has a New Game+ where you get to have 3 abilites from Dishonored 2  (blink, Dark Vision, Domino) it's kinda garbage compared to D2's NG+ since Billies abilities are 10 times better than the ones arkane picked out for us.Voice acting is probably the best I've seen in a Dishonored title and they really knocked it out of the park with Billie Lurks dialouge, plus the outsiders voice actor has way better dialouge than in D2.The story is straight forward, more straight forward than in the last two titles, I mean your whole objective is to literally kill the outsider. But the things that happen in the story are not forgettable, really good work. Although Daud, one of the major roles, doesn't really feel important. Plus I would love to play as Daud for a 3rd time before the series ended.It's a pretty damn good send off for the last two games, but there are still A LOT of stuff that arkane hasn't explored yet, which is a little concerning because the lore and world of this series is probably the best part of it, besides the gameplay of course.PROS:Amazing new abilities to play withbig levels and decent amount of contentGreat voice actingBest story so far in the seriesTop tier send-off for the seriesCONS:Performance issues (for certain people, but be wary)Short♥♥♥♥♥gamePrice is a little steepShallow abilities and movesetCan't play as DaudNG+ kinda sucksIn my honest opinion I think the story is better than dishonored 2 while the levels are inferior to D2. it's onpar with DIshonored 2 but it's sure as hell not better than Dishonored 1. If you are new and reading this, I suggest you play the first one and it's DLC and then go onto Dishonored 2 and beat that. This game won't feel impactful at all if you don't know who the characters are."
,Recommended,614570,35245294,Posted: 27 September,all,Robin,"As a huge fan of the dishonored series, this is a good game, only downside I have about it is that there are only 5 missions, but whats new is that there are contracts you can do within these missions that adds more to them which is cool. You can also play with blink, dark vision and domino instead of her original abilities, theres a downside to that though, you cant do certain stuff in the different missions but its a cool feature nontheless."
,Recommended,614570,34968440,Posted: 15 September,all,Rocariowood,"Except for Dishonored 2, Death of the Outsider has done well in performaces. I have a medium end PC, but I can run this game in high setting without any framerates drop (I turn off adaptive resolution option and it's still fine) from 59 per second. I have to say this ""good job Arkane"" and thank you that you don't let me down this time. I heard that there are still some problems with game's launching of some customers. I hope that you will fix this problem soon.by the way, this is my PC specintel corei5 6600 3.30 GHz, Window 10 64bit, 16 GB of Ram, Nvidia Gefore GTX 1060 3GB"
,Recommended,614570,34969108,Posted: 15 September,all,ZoCo,good♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,614570,34982996,Posted: 15 September,all,SektoR,"Pros:- More brutal AI on harder difficulties than D1 and D2.- New powers and dagger are amazing.- Billie Lurk actor did an amazing job on voicing her.- Contracts are a great addition that add a lot to the levels.- Billie feels more human than Corvo or Emily when it comes to powers, thus you need to mix both classic slower stealth mechanics and powers alike.- Runs amazingly well in comparison to D2.- Triple A stealth gameplay.- The game really puts you in the shoes of a mercenary/assassin and it shows you throughout the game.- No punishment for murdering .- The new mana system is great. I hope they develop more and remove the old system.Cons:Daud's story ending.No playable Daud.A bit short. (But sweet)Minor bugs like NPCs sometimes ignoring meshes and can spot you through walls.9/10"
,Recommended,614570,35190556,Posted: 24 September,all,m4rgin4l,"A worthy entry in the Dishonored franchise. It doesn´t do anything too different from Dishonored 2, but that´s not a bad thing. The story is a bit meh, but satisfying nonetheless. There's no progression and the protagonist is given less powers than in Dishonored 1 and 2, but that´s just great because it lets you focus on the gameplay and the story."
76561198267757685,Recommended,614570,35215349,Posted: 25 September,all,asyncCallback,Yet another masterpiece
76561197986075831,Recommended,614570,35188202,Posted: 24 September,all,Khris,"The game is overprized for the amount of content, so wait for a sale to get it.Other than that it's overall a good enjoyable game, though not a great game, the new levels are designed well but lack the ingenuity of the Clockwork Mansion or the Timepiece.The limited powers make the game harder to play, but they are well chosen and make the game challenging."
,Recommended,614570,35213795,Posted: 25 September,all,I'm awesome.,"I've read a couple reviews complaining that the game is only 5 missions long. It might just be me, but I took just about as long as I do in the first two games. To a great player that can do a bunch of incredible things the game is probably pretty short, but to me, an average fan, it's great."
76561198256896173,Recommended,614570,35187580,Posted: 24 September,all,mistinmind,"As expected from this series, another fantastic game...PROSRuns smooth, no glitches, fantastic world, amazing environment, multiple pathways in each mission, new powers. Most importantly limited set of powers and bonecharms which keeps the game challenging. Very happy that they removed bonecharm crafting and game plus mode at the first playthrough(it gets unlocked after completing the game)One major improvement over previous versions: No mana potions... it recharges itself after a while. I wish this had been done earlier.CONSThe game should have been longer, considering it is a standalone.I hope this is not the end of this series."
76561198146243079,Recommended,614570,35191385,Posted: 24 September,all,Polkarou,"I beat it. So it took me whatever the game currently has me at its play time as it doesnt have the same replay value of the full dishonored 2 but it still is ok for somthing i played for 5 hrs plus. I saw no bugs that where game breaking and no glitches that made the game a problem.If you like dishonored 2 then you will like this game, yes its short but so is firewatch and people love that 2 hr game. My only negative note is that it should have been dlc and not its own exclusive release.Get it if you like dishonored 2 and want a more complete ending to that franchise."
,Recommended,614570,35231790,Posted: 26 September,all,TheArkaneRealm,"As a diehard fan of the Dishonored series, I think that this game is easily the most REWARDING and DIFFICULT installment in the franchise to date. It's a far cry from the launch of Dishonored 2, as this game ran buttery smooth for me the whole way through. Arkane Studios clearly learned their lesson and this game as well as Prey demonstrate that aptly. The new powers and gadgets are FANTASTIC, Billie is a well fleshed out protagonist, and the story itself leaves many doors open for either more standalone games like this or a full-fledged Dishonored 3. In summation, if you love the Dishonored series or stealth action games/ immersive sims in general, then this is a very welcome addition to your library. (9/10)"
,Recommended,614570,34977491,Posted: 15 September,all,Kaffe,"Good game if you like the Dishored game series, it was short thought took me 3+ hours to complete"
,Recommended,614570,34979828,Posted: 15 September,all,Everything,good
,Recommended,614570,34956764,Posted: 14 September,all,Capo,"Its running smoother & there are no issues no fps drops no stuttering or nothing I am running it at 1080p with 60fps on ultra  , the loading times are faster compared to Dishonored 2 , no crashes or anything , only issue I ran into was once it was downloaded it wasn't launching so I exited steam and relaunched it  now it works fine & last not least its beautiful as Dishonored 2"
76561197970728489,Recommended,614570,35058807,Posted: 18 September,all,fb1907thh,Dishonoredleri kalpten sevenler kesinlikle oynamalı.
,Recommended,614570,34970646,Posted: 15 September,all,BigStoucheMcGee,"No issues on my side. The low resolution of some textures isn't too much of an eye sore, unless you're really picky.As for the rest of the game:Love the new powers.Video tutorials are useful.Daud is back! :DBillie is a great protagonist.Story is pretty decent.Combat is still the same.9/10. Would gather for whiskey and cigars again."
,Recommended,614570,35087173,Posted: 20 September,all,Poonz0rHD,"I find this game quite fun to have a lil nostalgia feeling with playing as Billie this time around. Though, I wouldve rather seen  a bigger story line and maybe some backstory to her time when she was in training. This would've been a better approach on the game. But still a solid 8/10 from me."
76561197981459530,Recommended,614570,35087779,Posted: 20 September,all,Jarcaddy,"This is an excellent conclusion to the current Dishonored arc. It's shorter than DH2 for sure, 5-7 hours for main story, maybe 10-12 hours if you do all the side contracts. There is a new game plus mode with powers from DH2 for a different experience second time around. The game itself is far better optimized than the second game, runs very smoothly for me wheras DH2 fought me at times. Overally highly reccomended!"
76561198071905462,Recommended,614570,35057270,Posted: 18 September,all,Nihlathak,"Game is short and a little sloppy, still good game.Say farewell to an old friend."
,Not Recommended,614570,35055407,Posted: 18 September,all,nerdscicion,♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization fix it please!
,Recommended,614570,35080731,Posted: 20 September,all,Nyuszi-san,"I played the second mission for about 2 hours to finish up all the contracts. This game does have you think your brains out. Especially when you're playing on launch day and can't google ""how to open jindosh safe"""
,Recommended,614570,35454808,Posted: 3 October,all,Dasporal,"An excellent conclusion to the serie, although many think it would have made more sense if it was a D2 dlc."
76561198274848211,Recommended,614570,35428674,Posted: 2 October,all,Malcadicta,"The thing is simple - if you liked Dishonored 2, you're gonna love this. If not - it's probably not for you.The DLC plays essentially the same, with same principles, but vastly diffrent powers - as for the first time you don't have dark vision is it's usual format. The powers are fun to play with - fresh enough to give new possibilities like Semblance which allows you to take the face of another person, or Billie's version of Blink/Far Reach which allows you to plan a safe vatage pint to come back to before the fight.I really liked the level design - the part of the city you get in one mission is rather large and with just three powers at your command also quite challenging, especially if you are going for a stealthy and non lethal approach. Though you don't really have the reason for it (apart from acheivment perhaps) as there is no chaos system - while I get that they tried something new and it ties into the plot nicely I certainly miss it. Chaos system was one of the distinctive features of the series and, if there is ever a new game, I hope they come back to it.I also especially love the last level where reality and Void mix.Optional contracts which were introduced were more fun than I anticipated - and some of them were quite challenging as they required strict stealth to be finished.Plotwise the DLC did better than core game in my opinion, it actually got me interested in the plot, in figuring out new things about the Outsider (while I loved the game I mostly did so despite the plot - honestly, Delilah wasn't my favourite).Overall: loved the game, which came as no suprise as I love the way Dishonored plays - the stealth, the combat, the level design, the environmental storytelling where you piece the world and stories toghether bit by bit - and it's all here in DLC.  The only thing I missed was a chaos system."
76561198031713702,Not Recommended,614570,35396933,Posted: 1 October,all,Oedipus's Stepdad,"Worst one of the trilogy yet. Not even worth it as a DLC. I don't understand how it's possible for such a good title to actually become sh*t. The game gets progressively worse as it continues, and by the 5th mission (There's only 5 missions btw, 3 of them on literally the same map) I already think I deserve a refund."
,Recommended,614570,35004382,Posted: 16 September,all,Hyden,Excelente game !
76561198076535950,Recommended,614570,35021687,Posted: 17 September,all,shinyhyacinth,"The game, in my opinion, runs smoother than Dishonored 2 on my GTX 960M. If your computer handled Dishonored 2's graphics really well, then it will definitely handle this game's graphics as well. The story is alright and I thought it was better than the ending to Dishonored 2. In my opinion, I felt they took the Outsider in the wrong direction by changing his voice and making him different from the Outsider of the first Dishonored. He is the same Outsider as you encountered him in Dishonored 2. The aura of power and divinity surrounding the Outsider that brought awe to us in the original Dishonored just doesn't seem to be there anymore. The gameplay is not really challenging except maybe, albeit briefly, at the end (depending on the difficulty mode you're playing on). I think the thing that made this game the most enjoyable for me was the fact that the mana now regenerates to full over time as you use your abilities obviating the need for mana potions (Addermire solution/Pierro's spiritual remedy) which is a huge plus making encounters with enemies a lot easier. You can use displacement 3-4 times fairly quickly and then wait for the mana to regenerate and do it all over again! Overall, I thought the game was alright and I would still recommend it because it is fun to play and has a decent but not perfect story. 7/10."
76561197994577663,Recommended,614570,34979343,Posted: 15 September,all,Trianqboi,decent x
76561198072609761,Recommended,614570,35043582,Posted: 18 September,all,Sesheh,I liked the game but it's not as good as the first two games. I got pretty dissapointed that they never even mentioned some of the old characters. It felt too short as well.
,Recommended,614570,34992022,Posted: 16 September,all,-I-_R4MBO_-I-,"As same as Dishonored 2. But more challenging. Many things are the same. More exploration, add-ons and maps. Runs very well on my PC."
76561198085441094,Recommended,614570,35036857,Posted: 17 September,all,The Bird of Hermes,Arkane has redeemed themselves in my eyes. Dishonored 2 had a rocky start and I think they learned from that. Death of the Outsider excels in gameplay and story even if it is something of a standalone DLC. Billie's powers are interesting and I like not having to hunt for runes to upgrade abilities. I also like not having mana potions. This is all done at the cost of Billie not having any purely offensive powers though. I enjoyed this change; some people probably won't.I'm still murky on some of the plot details but there's so much Void strangeness going on in this game that I'm willing to hand-wave some things. There were a few twists I didn't expect but if you've played any Dishonored games in the past it won't surprise you that you can complete the game without killing anyone. This is a solid FPS stealth game and it's a must have if you're a fan of Dishonored like I am. It took me just over seventeen hours to get all of the achievements but I'm sure there are still some secrets I've missed. I'll definitely be thinking about the plot and lore for days to come.
,Recommended,614570,35056382,Posted: 18 September,all,Jibby,I like this game... very good game
76561198325969067,Not Recommended,614570,35065727,Posted: 19 September,all,lululandd,"only buy this when it's at least on 50% sale. tldr: MEH, original game+ sucks.gameplay is like any other dishonored, although i think they upped the difficulty a bitbillie's powers are cool af, but very disappointed that we don't get mana potionsthe original game+ is trash af for me, we only have blink, domino and void gaze (not even billie's original powers are there! just the three!)having blink limits the game experience, void gaze depletes mana if we use them too long (unlike dh1 & 2 where it expires after a few seconds but just using a portion of mana)bonecharm crafting is just trashthe sidequests are quite interesting, sometimes more interesting than the actual missiondisliked that fact that daud's dead._. i miss him"
,Recommended,614570,35072273,Posted: 19 September,all,miad,I finished all the achievements in 18 hours but its more dishonored so 9/10 would recommend
,Recommended,614570,35076636,Posted: 19 September,all,selfnoise,"*looks at mission objectives*eh, whatever.*looks at optional contractssure, I suppose.*looks at steam achievements*Ah, yes, HERE'S the good stuff."
76561198107447301,Recommended,614570,35079806,Posted: 20 September,all,Hatty,"Ok so this game annoyed me, not in the idea that it was a bad game because it's a great game. It annoyed me because this is what dishonoured could have, should have been.No more mana potions, extra contracts in large explorable areas. Fun powers (although there was that in 2) and more lore to the world that I really do enjoy throwing myself into.This is worth a chance to play BUT at the same time feels so dissapointing to know this is probably the last Dishonoured game. If they do find a way around that then I look forward to the next one.... but I doubt it.Highly worth playing if you love the series but a little dissapointing."
,Recommended,614570,34983916,Posted: 15 September,all,BlaezeL,"I just started out, I will update the review when I'm done.I'm giving this the thumbs up because for the first time in Dishonored games, I'm intrigued by the story. I'm really interested where this will go.Other than that, this seems to be more of Dishonored 2 (which was in turn largely more of Dishonred 1 DLC which was just more original Dishonored...) More awsomeness in short. If you are familiar with any games from the series you know what to expect. (If not, try the first one, it's really good and should be reasonably cheep by now).One major distinction is that this seems to be much more stable and better optimized than D2 was at launch (they share the same engine). So, that's a huge plus."
,Recommended,614570,35260534,Posted: 28 September,all,Gary of Nivea,"Okay so there is some unclear controversy about this game.. would this be better off as a DLC? Probably, but they should still release it as a standalone alongside, like they did now. Just like Asassins Creed 4 Black Flag did with Freedom Cry.The thing about ""reused maps"".. well to clear things up this is the maps in the game:- One medium-sized map- Two big maps- One small map inside each of the big map- One medium sized variation of a big map from Dishonored 2One of the 2 big maps gets reused for one of the 5 missions, but most of the 2nd mission it's in takes place inside a bank on that map which can take a little while to get through.The ""reused"" map is 75% of a DH2 map, where most of it is changed, and you are let a different way. Like it or not, but it's not like they just ""copy-pasted"" it. There is clear differences - most important being the new enemies making your approach different.Powers: You get 3 powers, which is not much.. I didn't really miss more powers at most times, but I think a fourth would be better. Maybe a version of Corvo's Bend Time or something that would help with stealth.The version of blink is very satisfying though, and it feels like it has a longer range than far reach - which is very nice.Story: I love it and the ending is satisfying enough to give me that tickling feeling.There is too many bonecharms though. Like 3 times the amount from dishonored 2. And I kind of miss runes, as bonecharms were never really excitingly fun to colletctMy opinions about the stuff i havnt mentioned are pretty much the same as the lot"
76561198255941015,Recommended,614570,35085137,Posted: 20 September,all,GayLord,amazing game i bought it 8 times
76561198153119853,Recommended,614570,35059295,Posted: 18 September,all,heretic,This is the best Dishonored game made so far. I can't wait to see where this series goes after this arc.
,Not Recommended,614570,35260011,Posted: 28 September,all,Rups,"sadly not what i expected, this game got wonderfull reviews all around but in my opinion it does to little to truly deserve it.- not enought costumization for skills (like non at all ;p)- 5 levels wich you can finish in about 5 hours or so- didnt like the contracts concept.I finished the game but just for the story it doesnt have the same magic as dh1 and dh2 where i loved the exploration... maybe i'm just burned out by the series overal?i recomend this game for any fans of the series but if you are new to dishonored start out with dh1.Hope this helps someone,Greetz rups"
76561198055017547,Recommended,614570,35045322,Posted: 18 September,all,Kasiornis,"Well, what can I say? I expected ""just a little more of Dishonored"" and I got it.Apart from that probably the weakest part of Dishonored story (including DLC's for the 1st game).Yet if you're a fan of the series like I am - get it, you won't be dissapointed...much."
76561197966835849,Recommended,614570,35044267,Posted: 18 September,all,Booga,"On the one hand, essentially more of the same. OTOH, that same is extremely great. Scene setting is great. What a truly great bunch of levels to play (especially the banking section). Restricted set of powers means that it's a lot more thoughtful. I was frequently stuck trying to figure out a safe way through a level but the level design gave me just enough hints for me to get it.One thing I've always loved about Dishonored games is the quality of the interface. Key choices and responses are logical and crisp. Little things like being able to skip cinematics but avoiding doing so by accident just show tremendous thought.Stealth playthrough is perhaps a full weekend's play. I imagine that when I go on my murder run it will be a bit faster.What is great in life? To pile your enemies up in a snoring heap."
,Recommended,614570,35042185,Posted: 18 September,all,Hazard,"Very pleased with this.I think the smaller levels make the game run better than Dishonored 2 did (for me anyway), so anyone concerned with performance issues need not be.I only wish there was more of the trademarked ""play your way"" throughout the missions. Maybe it's just me, but there seemed to be fewer entrances to certain areas or just a generally more linear level design in this expansion when compared to the first two games.Other than that, it's a very enjoyabe experience. Would recommend."
,Recommended,614570,35042391,Posted: 18 September,all,5Andysalive,"Well, it's a Dishonored game. Does exactly what you expect. And does it well. Full recommendation IF you've played Dishonored 2. If not, it loses some of it's appeal.Gameplay is a bit streamlined:Fully self regenerating mana, no potions. Which i like.You get the 3 main magic abilities after the intro level.The skill system replaced with an extended Bonecharm system. The former ""Agility"" skill always comes with one of the first black bonecharms. most others are randomized.AI seems improved a bit since Dishonored 2.No real Wow-moments in level design like with the amazing  time travel level  or the Clockwork Masion in Dishonored 2. But still very big, different opbjectives, different ways routes and solutions..One Level is recycled from Dishonored 2. But changed a lot after the events of the main game (play first)  So it's different enough. Gives a glimpse into the changes after D2. It's also the smallest level i think.Performance is fine for me, No bugs of any sort. 21:9 works fine. Content and playtime is really ok for the price.However if you haven't, i recommend to play Dishonored 2 first. Should have a decent price by now as well.It's not absolutely necessary but helps the story and understanding of the world and main character quite a bit. As does Dishonored 1 (for the characters) and especially  it's 2 Daud-DLCs.And Dishonored 2 is  of course still the bigger game with some of the most amazing levels ever.."
76561198049551971,Not Recommended,614570,35049198,Posted: 18 September,all,nick16characters,"game's so short it makes killing a god anticlimatic. levels aren't that bad but they are way too eager to reusing them.game's ok. probably worth if you get it 50% off or better, but don't compare it to dishonored 2, it's not even close."
76561198041008224,Recommended,614570,35014791,Posted: 16 September,all,RPMonkey,"Love this game, the effects the amazing and the stealth is awesome!"
,Recommended,614570,35126810,Posted: 22 September,all,RAPE ME,game's as short as my geese
76561198004388443,Recommended,614570,35015056,Posted: 16 September,all,rikster,I am really enjoying this game - many thanks Arkane Studio!
76561198076398940,Recommended,614570,34981964,Posted: 15 September,all,Exp1071,With out a doubt this game is amazing. it fills in alot to the original stories and expands with a whole new world(in a way). the powers you have access to are amazing but take some getting use to when coming from the older games. 20/10 recommend.
76561198056572846,Recommended,614570,34985555,Posted: 15 September,all,Lil' roagan Dragon =-^.^-=,"Feels crisp, great gameplay, decent story, good performance, more stabbing."
,Recommended,614570,35034942,Posted: 17 September,all,uno,Good job again Arkane 10/10going for full achievements
76561197960458748,Recommended,614570,35094279,Posted: 20 September,all,Rocko,"I find the end of score totally wrong! I chocked out everyone on the map and the game reported 15 bodies found  by who?   as I hide them all in a building with a closed door.  And I hate the reuse of  maps from dunhill like really only maybe 2 new grindy maps to go through, Too short and nothing worth while except they put a lot of more bone charms in. This one was really disappointmenting wanted more! I have played through both of the other titles a couple times but this one I mean really useing old maps, too short and you don't get any off the old  powers they messed up the blink and no RATS! which was my favorite! powers.  later through the game you could find a bone charm that would make blink like the other 2 games had but then you have to find it. Just It comes down to no real new stuff to play! Feels like a dlc they never put out. I wish I had better to say but the lame side missions only 4 to choose from 2 different black markets that you get to visit, and that is it!. I really love this series but this one really disappoints! Unless your a hard core fan this one is worth skipping just no story and no new maps to speak about. Just reused the last 2 games map's and changed the direction, really I am sad as I love these type of games just be warned there is nothing new here!"
76561198102824071,Recommended,614570,35009521,Posted: 16 September,all,ils,Prey and Dishonored 2 are two of the best games of recent years.  I hope Arkane keeps making similar titles.
,Recommended,614570,35019966,Posted: 17 September,all,ivobrowny,"I love the Dishonored franchise and I am very happy about the new release. Playing as Billie Lurk with a handful or new abilities and new weapons and tools is fun. The body parts that are sent flying as well as the heads that are to be chopped of is a rewarding experience. New enemy types make the game exciting, but still familiar.A few changes have been done to the ability system: You are no longer able to ""level up"" abilities according to your choices, but they will unlock as you progress through the game. There are fewer abilities available overall. There are now contracts to be found - small side missions that will unlock rewards when completted.Graphics: I was running the game on a machine with a GTX 1080 Ti in 3440x1440. You can adjust the FOV, so it is suitable for widescreen monitors. However, I noticed a few times that the objects are displayed kinda glitchy when they are first at a certain distance and then come closer. Sometimes, surfaces will appear as a grey or black area, and then switch to the proper texture as you approach them. Also, the sunshafts didn't render very nicely. I don't know if anyone else experienced the same or if I just misconfigured the options. But generally, the game looks great and pleases the eye!Gameplay: I personally found the mission to be a bit on the short side. Steam gives me 12 hours for my first play-through, however I think it was 1 hour in idle and I also took my sweet time exploring all rooms, pathways, roofs etc. trying to find out if there is something of value to steal. I completed all contracts except two that I messed up. I replayed some passages as to try to make the best out of it or try out different ways to kill people (did I already say that you can attach a hook mine to a person's body/head and they will then collide with another person, killing both? It's fun!). Personnally, I wish there was a bit more meat to the bone on that front.Overall, a great game with fun gameplay and a rewarding, gorey experience."
76561198126457782,Recommended,614570,35020104,Posted: 17 September,all,Picii,"I must say, this is the perfect ending of the murder of the empress story arc, without dragging it.If you already played the first 2 game and liked them, then you will like this one too, but if you are new to the franchise I recommend playing them in order to better understand this standalone storywise."
76561198326686220,Recommended,614570,35029387,Posted: 17 September,all,PeanutButter<3,"If you like the first one you will like this, more of the same."
76561198197069958,Recommended,614570,35031774,Posted: 17 September,all,physixc,"I just love dishonored, the atmosphere is soo good. The gameplay is really clean and fun to play. If you played the last two parts like they were intended to, it all adds up to the moment where you basicly have the control over what is happening to the outsider wich feels really impactfull.If you like stealth games with magic abilites included, this is a must have."
,Recommended,614570,35092954,Posted: 20 September,all,isaacfess,"More Dishonored for the honored players.This was a great expansion pack. I loved it so much. You go to many places and experience that place vividy.From the first mission I knew I would love this Game.Okay actual review now.This suprisingly ran better than Dishonored 2, I actualy got a stable 60FPS while playing it at 2K with my GTX 1080.In a short review All I can say is. If you Liked Dishonored 2 and 1 You will like this all the same."
76561198021527208,Recommended,614570,35093881,Posted: 20 September,all,Wraith,"This game is another adventure back into Dunwall. It's relatively short with only 5 missions, and if you're used to Dishonered you can play through it quickly. For the price tag I was hoping for more. It does bring things a bit full circle that aren't directly attacked in either Dishonered 1 or 2 as far as the story goes. I enjoyed every minute of it however, and will give it another replay down the road. If you enjoy the franchise so far, you'd likely enjoy this installment. Perhaps at a discounted price down the road however."
76561198119118131,Recommended,614570,35110848,Posted: 21 September,all,Dnt3Z,"In my eyes best dishonored game so far. Even if its only DLC. Quick overview:1. No more mana potions, autorefill mechanic instead. Feels and plays really well.2. Main quests no longer about eliminating target (in lethal or non lethal way). It's something else and to be honest I enjoy it.3. Billie has perfect skill set for stealth playthrough, which allows to scout before going in and disguse youself as another person.4. Same town map reused 2 times. Map was well designed with lot of sneaky shortcuts and ability to approach places from different directions.From negative side - game crashed 2 times and it feels like there is too much notes and books with lore in it so ending up reading stuff 20% of game time :)Overall its solid 9/10 Outsider marks."
,Recommended,614570,34970637,Posted: 15 September,all,Pendulum,"im already loving it, my pc has an i3-4130, GTX 1050 2GB version, 8GB of ram and a 500GB SSD and the game is running over 60 fps at 1080 low setting, however by lovering the resolution to 900P i can turn my setting up to high and lowering the resolution a bit doesn't make it look any worse."
76561198024599399,Recommended,614570,35031531,Posted: 17 September,all,Baron,"Welcome to Dishonored 3, where you play as Billie Lurke, the retired filipina ladyboy hooker turned boat driving thief, with none of your favourite things from Dishonored 1. Yayyyy.Its a good game, not well optimised and very graphics intensive, but a good game. It keeps the lethal/nonlethal options so you can play fast paced or stealthy, and either way unlock hero or villain outcomes (your actions do impact the world and story)The addition of contracts does make you feel more like a professional assassin, which is cool for immersion. And while I do still recommend this game, it is by far my least favourite installment of Dishonored.I feel like they tried too hard to make the character and the abilities unique, and in doing so got too far away from what fans of the original really liked. For example in this game, there are minimal spells and practically no customization, so if you enjoyed things like Windblast and rat swarms and powerful magic from Dishonored one, thats not in this. Also, if you enjoyed the Steampunk pistol element that Corvo used, thats not in this either.The abilities are just plain weird. The Dishonored world is very unique, so I feel like trying to go even further with it like they did here just ruined the cohesion and immersion. The suspension of disbelief that keeps scifi/fantasy fans engaged is broken in Dishonored, Death of the Outsider.Personally, I'd have liked to see either a more magic oriented class with wide access to spells and alchemy instead of gadgets, like a brigmore witch, or a more flesh and bone oriented class like an overseer, with the ability to learn more melee moves like the leaps, punches, kicks, and spins that the guards used, and more pistol/steampunk customization.Instead we get Daud 2.0. More traps and spiderman wrist crossbow stuff. Meh."
,Recommended,614570,35095473,Posted: 20 September,all,afollestad,"None of the games in this series have ever been a disappointment. Super entertaining, good story line."
76561198143761790,Recommended,614570,35211500,Posted: 25 September,all,LeoXblader,"Another good dishonored game, not the best as it is a DLC turned into a seperate game but its worth the money, great leveles, yes 1 level gets used twice but there is another big area added to it in the second mission, very replayable would definatly recommend IF you have played and enojyed the previous dishonored games and the DLC for dishonored 1. I would say the powers are more fun to mess around especially since your void energy gets constantly restored, no need for potions, semblence can be a bit overpowered especially if you get good bone charms, the last mission could have had some work done, theres a bug for the final missionit seems that aldo there is collision on surfaces that dont exist in the void for the player, the powers only see the collisions in the void version of the world allowing the player to teleport past walls or stone that dont exist in the void despite not having entered the void versionalso i will agree the ending wasnt the best which is kinda sad since the endings are usually the best parts but the ending for this dlc felt like it left a lot of questions unaswered and did not show enogh of the consequence of the players actions. Good fun the mess with, final level isnt that bad as people make it out to be just use semblence and move with caution its actually very easy once you learned the area. earlier levels definatly got replayability. Get it if you got the other games already, i say its worth its price but if you have patience its definatly worth waiting for a sale.Side note, for OG mode, youd think Dark Vision would be great to have but they kinda ruined the power as it now constanly drains energy instead of draining 1 bar and staying on for awhile, im used to letting the power just let it self go out and unfortunatly dishonored 1 and 2 instincts  make me do this all the time leaving me without energy a lot and just put me off using that power, honestly i just speed run OG mode since blink isnt as fun as displace, i got put off using Dark vision and domino is always fun to use but the range kinda felt short in this game but definatly just as fun to use as other games since its fully upgraded and definatly helps dealing with a group or enemysfor example dealing with the final mission since theres so many enemys grouped together the power makes that part even easier since you dont have to risk using semblence and leaving a body behind for the rest to notice because now there all down"
76561198053551529,Not Recommended,614570,35454530,Posted: 3 October,all,GoobyTheCat,It won't start. It gets 3/4 of the way in the loading screen and then shuts down. I loved Dishonored 1 and 2 to death. But this game literally does not work.
76561197979948240,Recommended,614570,34971060,Posted: 15 September,all,Sunn brO))),"Shorter and more focused than Dishonored 2, but level and plot design are definitely up to snuff. Billie's a great character, but it's disappointing you didn't get to play as Daud as well. I think it's worth it, but maybe wait for it to go on sale if you're unsure."
,Recommended,614570,34971196,Posted: 15 September,all,Marksnus,"Its just more of the same, which isnt a bad thing in this case. You get to see what happens after the events of Dishonored 2.Game itself runs flawlessly for me, no problems at all. Yet to encounter any major bugs (3rd mission so far). Difficulty also seems to be slightly higher this time around as well. 9/10"
76561198110397731,Recommended,614570,35083658,Posted: 20 September,all,Im Pink Your Dead,"This game is painfully short but has a massive replay potential much like the newer HITMAN game, I would totally recomend this game to anyone who may be on the fence"
,Recommended,614570,35258116,Posted: 28 September,all,Bænlynn,"When the Outsider revealed that he was once mortal and human in Dishonoured 2, I got chills. It was terrifying to think of the the level of power involved in creating a demi god. Who was behind it? What were they trying to gain? Did they still exist? Until the trailer for Death of the Outsider debuted I just assumed that they were questions that would be left unanswered. But, now I only have half the answers that I want.As a character, I like the Outsider. He is true neutral, utterly amoral, and yet with nothing to want for excepting the thing he can literally never see himself getting, he pushes and prods at turning points in the world to see what happens. The Abbey of the Everyman by contrast is part spanish inquisition, part southern baptist church and holds a view on the afterlife that is bleak enough to make Cthulhu cultism sound cheery.If you're a fan of the series and the world that contains it, there's a lot to love here, but there are also a lot of unanswered questions that are raised in the course of the game. Connections between the Abbey and the Cult of the Eye, the connections between 'sacred music' and the language of the spirits, and the true nature of both. There are secrets here Arkane isn't giving away, but the subtlety with which they are presented says to me that there are people on the story team who have put hours and hours of thought into them, and I'm hoping that means they're planning to explore them more.Billie was the perfect choice to take this journey, and I enjoyed her perspective, and she develops a real (if at times adversarial) rapport with the outsider over the course of the game. If only there could have been more interaction between them.Gameplay wise I have to say that giving you effectively unlimited void energy was a misstep, at times the game was too easy because of it, and all told it is too short. Two extra missions involved in finding more bits and pieces for the final part of the caper, as well as exploring those aforementioned connections would have elevated this from good to great. If you're new to Dishonoured, you'd be better served starting somewhere earlier, and if you've played the earlier titles, there's more value here in the story than the gameplay.  That said, you should totally play it because: Outsider!I'm hoping if there is going to be another Dishonoured title that it's the outsider who becomes the protagonist."
76561198073603124,Recommended,614570,35297104,Posted: 29 September,all,wallyscharold,"Arkane has proven (to me, at least) that they are the most inventive major studio producing games today. Dishonored: DOTO is an outstanding semi-sequel to Dishonored 2. Once again Arkane has succeeded at what made D2 great: building on what worked so well in the original title of the franchise. Admittedly, DOTO's differences took a little getting used to, but once I settled in I was fully immersed in gameplay.For all previous entries of Dishonored (DLC included) my biggest complaint was always the underwhelming ending. I had chalked it up to it being such an incredible experience that any ending would feel that way because any conclusion to the relentless momentum the game creates would feel like a bit of letdown. Remarkably, the final mission of DOTO felt like a major improvement on the less-than-mind-blowing endings of prior efforts. That said and considering the context of the main mission -- traveling to parallel dimension and killing a god -- there's no limit to how grandiose the final mission could actually be, though they still managed to hit the mark. (Pun intended).I will have to tweak some of the individual difficulty meters on my next playthrough, as I found the Very Hard difficulty level a little too easy for me, although I'm a very seasoned player of the franchise. Minor qualms aside, an incredible game. I sincerely hope this isn't the end of the franchise but if so, what a way to end it. Congrats, Arkane!"
,Recommended,614570,35051288,Posted: 18 September,all,Nagat,"First of all, I do not regret spending $ 30 for this game because Dishonored is one of my beloved games and I would voluntarily support Arkane Studios any time, but not even all toilets in Karnaca can flush away my bitter feeling that the Death of the Outsider was not a dignified departure of the series, but rather its ritual murder after which the cultists cut the molested body of a good lore into pieces looking like My Immortal kind of fanfiction and then sold its rotten remains to desperate fans.If this game was supposed to gently let the franchise saunter vaguely downwards where it can rest in peace, it didn't work because not only it Fell, but also it managed to broke its spine at least three times.In case Bethesda will ever try to revive this series as Dishonored 3 (and I really hope they won't) the only logical outcome would be that we are gonna play as Harvey Smith, trying very hard to get his honor back.But I'm recommending it anyway, because Outsider's name is literally Mark and I didn't see that pun coming."
76561198110521636,Recommended,614570,35051968,Posted: 18 September,all,Rick Sanchez,I actually enjoyed the game unlike many other people who left reviews but the game was far too short for the price tag. I agree that you should wait until the sale if you want to check this game out.
76561198327951804,Recommended,614570,35045802,Posted: 18 September,all,m.bodocz,"I love the Dishonored game so far, this is the case with the current part, but from the 4th mission I always get out of the game. And I do not know what's wrong. I'm using Windows 7 64bit. Could this be a problem? Any idea maybe?"
,Recommended,614570,35212298,Posted: 25 September,all,drAgoN33,"Fantastic addition to the Dishonored series! Most everything is absolutely new, but not clunky. Wondrously fluid and creative. Gave me chills at key moments even during my second and third playthroughs."
,Not Recommended,614570,35203636,Posted: 25 September,all,Templar Knight,"As much as I love Dishonored in general and as much as I love this game, I simply can't recommend it. Here's why.First off, if you spend just 10€ more, you can get Dishonored 2, which offers like 3 times this games content. Hell, maybe even 5 times this games content. Everything this game has, Dishonored 2 has as well.The powers. God, where do I start here... They are just not fun to use. The only really cool thing is the face stealing. Apart from that, the new ""blink"" just gets annoying (you know what I mean if you play Knife of Dunwall before this) (yes I know there is a bonecharm that makes it a bit less annoying, but only if you tap to blink) and the new dark vision is way too complicated for what it is supposed to be. And you can't even upgrade any of them. Basically the first Dishonored without a progression system.Also, the removal of the chaos system makes this game even less entertainig. You can just run arround kill everyone and you don't even have to worry about the ending being♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nothing changes. It's always the same. There is not even a clean hands achievement. You get an achievement for not killing a single person in a level but that's it.I don't even want to say more, because it hurts deep inside me how♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is compared to the first one. If you wan't a great Dishonored get the first one with all dlcs. If you're a die hard fan of Dishonored, whatever, get it."
,Recommended,614570,34991794,Posted: 16 September,all,Executioner.,Steve Harvey would be a worthy lieutenant to Lord GabeN.
,Recommended,614570,34993749,Posted: 16 September,all,Mike,"After a pretty bad launch of Dishonored 2, I was worried about this one. However, I am happy to report that this time I had no problems whatsoever.By default, the game will automatically set everything to pretty low. I was able to change everything to Ultra and still get a smooth 100+ FPS. Really pleased with the performance this time.As to the game itself, I will have to play a little bit more, but so far I like it. It's more Dishonored - exactly what I wanted. No dramatic changes to the gameplay, but you get a new character with new powers, which is refreshing. And if you like this universe you will feel right at home."
76561198097657307,Recommended,614570,35144848,Posted: 22 September,all,Scruffy,"List of pros and cons, plus a little explination for each (porbobaly going to be a bit biased though since I love dishonred)Pros:The core gameplay is pretty funThe game does an alright job (althugh not as good as the first and second game) at making you feel like a badass, also the combat is pretty well polished.The graphic are amazingDoes this really need to be explained?The sword is awesomeI just wanted to mention the sword.The mission design is goodIt seems to be desinged with replayability in mind. How ever the powers given to you are limited (more on that later)The game rewards exploration (but not anywhere near as much as the previous games)There are a lot of secrets and clues and different paths that can be found in the game, so exploring the world is rewarding.The game is difficult, but not impossibleThe game (on the hardest difficulty) was a challange, but was not at the point where I just wanted to smash my keyboard in frustration.The AI is actually smartThey will notice when enimies are missing and if doors are open or something is broken/shut off.The contrats are a nice additionSome of them are pretty crazy (like the one in the 4th mission to kill everyone) and some of them are pretty challenging (like the one in the 3rd mission to sneak through the whole thing without being detected or harming anyone) but they are all pretty fun.There are a few of optional puzzels to be solvedAs a big fan of the jindosh riddle from the 2nd game (I solved it by my self! took like 2 hours though) and games like portal I am happy to say that there are a few puzzels in this game, although they are pretty easy and I solved almost all of them in less than 3 minutes.The soundtrack is really goodNo real explination needed.Cons:The characters are underwhelmingBillie is pretty annoying, especially when she talks to the outsider. Daud pretty much does nothing. The outsider is alright but he (like daud) kinda does nothing, except enable you to kill him (by giving you powers)There is no achivement or reward for completing the game without killing anyoneThis is very annoying since my first playthough was non-lethalThe powers are very limitingUnlike 1 and 2 the game doesnt really have any powers for combat, this is pretty annoying, especially since the game goes for replayability.There is no progression systemSince they took out the runes the game has no real player progression. This means that the difficulty can never really increase throught the game.Original game+ sucksIt only gives you access to blink, dark vision, and domino. All of which are more geared toward stealth, which does not fix the limiting powers problem.The game is pretty shortWith only 5 missions (one of them being in the same place as the 2nd mission and another being in a location from the second game.ConclusionWhile I don't think that this game is really worth the full price to a new player I think that hardcore fans of the series will find the price to be with it.I do recommend this game to anyone that is looking for something new in dishonred"
76561198094736518,Not Recommended,614570,35097173,Posted: 20 September,all,Kurama3,"nowi played every dishonored gameand what i have to say is i personally hate the gameplay and powers in this, and there is the same engine/features from dishonored 2. its literally just more missions.so i would hate it but the ending is really reeeeallly exciting even though (spoiler) its pretty boring.so if you like dishonored get it but i meandishonored 2 is four times more fun."
76561198027318885,Recommended,614570,34999983,Posted: 16 September,all,parker_86,Fantastic game the best it has been since Dishonored 1 and a fitting end to the series I think. Runs well and much better optimised than the second was on release.
76561198088601411,Recommended,614570,35404526,Posted: 1 October,all,Madgamer2k7™,"If you're interested in the lore of the Dishonored universe, then this game delivers in force. I enjoyed the removal of the need for elixirs to use your powers. I felt a lot more free to use and test out all the different powers. The story was short, and I wish there was more, but at least it didn't feel like it was dragging in pace."
76561198036436352,Recommended,614570,35025150,Posted: 17 September,all,bugden_kelley,"Was hoping for a longer story, but what the game is good. Enjoyed the new powers and the depth of each mission was amazing."
,Recommended,614570,35032379,Posted: 17 September,all,Prominence,"A bit more linear than Dishonored 2, but still thoroughly enjoyable.  If you're a fan of stealth/action games with massive levels and sweeping freedom, Dishonored 2 is a better choice.  But Death of the Outsider fleshes out the setting and characters while including a fresh take on the action.  I miss the rune progression system from the previous games, and most levels didn't feel as open as before, but I still loved it.  I know I'll play through it a few more times at least.Good:+More of the excellent Dishonored gameplay+Setting and character exposition+New powers+New gadgets+Music+Story+New Game Plus Mode (kind of)Could Be Improved:+Levels not quite as open as Dishonored 2 (more bottlenecks, it seems)+Fewer powers than Dishonored 2+Lack of progression system aside from charms (passive traits)"
,Recommended,614570,35250849,Posted: 27 September,all,Fire From Moonlight,"Has the core gameplay you'd expect from this style. (Multiple ways to overcome obstacles, stealth if you like, a range of conventional weapons and magic powers etc). If that's your thing, this short game is worth your time.Compared to other games you may compare it to (Dishonored 1, Dishonored 2, Prey etc), it's weak: it lacks the standout elements and missions that make the main Dishonored games so good: Settings like the Masquerade, brothel, and hounds-pit missions in Dishonored 1, or Jindal's House, the time-warp level, or the final mansion in Dishonored 2. The interesting power-combos you could pull off in the first two games are missing as well."
,Recommended,614570,35255770,Posted: 27 September,all,TheBarnacle,"-Ace level design-Cool characters-Incredible worldThis boils all the goodness of Dishonored 2 into a more focused 12-15 hour experience. You're back in Karnaca, but much like Dishonored 1's story expansions, you're playing a different character far removed from the stories of Corvo and Emily. If you're here for the gameplay or the universe, both are fantastic. The series as a whole is one of a consistently high quality, and this expansion only furthers that legacy. Cannot recommend enough."
,Recommended,614570,35006548,Posted: 16 September,all,Entropic Desolator,I like killing people and wizard powers are neat.
,Recommended,614570,35025601,Posted: 17 September,all,Pavocado,"I absolutely adore the Dishonored franchise, so for there to be another game after Dishonored 2 gives me such hype.I love exploring the new locations, finding every detail in each nook and cranny. This game did not disappoint. The map in each mission is huge. The characters plentiful. The different ways to dispatch each enemy. The voices! The art! The missions! Just wow. I don't know how Arkane Studios creates such a wonderful game.It's nice to learn more about Billies backstory, so I wont spoil much here but she's one of my new favourite characters.I thought Billie and Daud's farewell needed more than just a drawing with a voiceover though.The bank job mission was definitely my favourite. The stealth aspect suited that level perfectly and the return of the clockwork soldiers was so appropriate. Trying to get the 'Perfect Crime' achievement was tricky, but damnnn that was a clever solution. Definitely much more memorable missions than Dishonored 2.The thought and effort that must have gone into this game is honestly breathtaking. There are so many different ways for you to complete the missions, and with the addition of Billie's new powers, the sky's your limit! I couldn't have asked for a better ending of the Kaldwin era."
,Recommended,614570,34995013,Posted: 16 September,all,Fuzz,Is good
,Recommended,614570,35052754,Posted: 18 September,all,◀EffiJeffy▶,I love this game :O
76561197962005988,Recommended,614570,35042656,Posted: 18 September,all,StreetBushido,"Simply put: if you enjoyed the previous Dishonored games, you're going to enjoy this one as well.In Dishonored: Death of the Outsider we take on the role of Billie Lurk, once-apprentice to the assassin Daud. The story takes place after Dishonored 2, after Billie Lurk has discarded her alias as Meagan Foster and decides to find her old mentor Daud. Things soon escalate, and Billie finds herself tasked with killing the Outsider himself, while tangling with a nefarious cult of Void-worshipers.The gameplay is similar to previous Dishonored games, with one major difference: Billie has constantly regenerating Void power/mana. While the set of abilities is smaller than in previous games, I feel that this is counterbalanced by being able to use them with less discretion as available power is almost never a problem.The plot is engaging and offers insights into the origin of the Outsider himself, as well as offering a conclusion of sorts to the Dishonored series. However, I found the writing to be a bit too cryptic and angsty for its own good. Billie is a very gloomy person, haunted by the actions of her past, and I found it a bit overbearing at times. The rest of the writing and world-building is top-notch, as usual, though.This stand-alone expansion is fairly small at only 5 missions, but Arkane has managed to squeeze in a fair amount of variety in those missions. And as always, the missions are large, sprawling affairs offering several different options for both traversal and problem-solving.As a fan of the Dishonored series, I whole-heartedly recommend Dishonored: Death of the Outsider. It's a worthy entry into the series and offers more of what was good in Dishonored 2, which in turn was a refinement of the first game. Get it!"
,Recommended,614570,34988636,Posted: 15 September,all,nariusseldon,"So far so good. Good story, good graphics + good gameplay."
76561198021266871,Recommended,614570,34962864,Posted: 14 September,all,ArchAnge1LT,"So far, so good. Performance improved from the first game, level designs are immersive, what's not to like."
76561198138534722,Recommended,614570,34971671,Posted: 15 September,all,danger noodle,an awesome continuation of the Dishonored Genre. Finally got to kill the black-eyed ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,614570,35037653,Posted: 17 September,all,jamesg75700,"Amazing!! Enjoyed just as much if not more than Dishonored 2! Love thy new powers as well. Played ""low chaos"" the first as I really enjoy the stealth in this game and searching for every single item and I cant wait to go back and play ""high chaos"" Totally worth the money!!! :)"
,Recommended,614570,35036521,Posted: 17 September,all,Dingkey,"I really enjoyed this game. The gameplay, the objectives, and the contracts (sidemission things) were all very fun. I've always enjoyed exploring the Dishonored games and everything that they have to offer and I look foward to putting many hours into this installment of the series. The new mechanics were cool, the new environments too...However, I do have a few complaints that I think everyone should know before they buy this game.1. (this one is pretty obvious) The price - having played through the game fully once, I think that the price is a bit too steep for what you're getting. The average player would probably be able to finish the game within 5 hours and be left unsatisfied.2. Lazy map design - As I've mentioned before, I really enjoy exploring the Dishonored games, and that includes the maps. Unfortunately, this game only has 4 maps for its 5 levels, and one of them is recycled from Dishonored 2. Although it's interesting to see how these places change overtime, it's also really disappointing when more than half of the game is ctrl+c, ctrl+v.3. The Story - I'm not going to complain about Daud's intentions and reasoning for wanting to kill the Outsider, I think they're rational ENOUGH. The story was not bad, in my opinion, however, I would say that it was the worst out of all of the other games, including the DLC from the first game.There was all of this build up to the ending, to killing the Outsider, and when you finally do it, it's unbelievably underwhelming. The only thing that was especially memorable about the ending was seeing the Outsider's real eyes. The final cutscene when it explains the outcome of everything is very bland and gives no insight to the effect of Billie Lurks actions, unlike it does in the other games. ""Okay I killed the Outsider. What next? What happens next?"" Seemingly nothing.Overall, I had a good experience playing the game. The gameplay was exceptional, it was well-optimized this time around, and the new enemies and double bladed sword were f*cking awesome. I may have not liked the ending or the story in general very much, but I encourage you to form your own opinion. But what really matters is: Was it a fun game? Yes."
,Recommended,614570,35035578,Posted: 17 September,all,SwoodMadden,"An amazing expansion for an amazing game. Didn't really cared for reuse of conservatory, they DID change it to the level of you not really caring this much about this reuse.Amazing soundtrack, leveldesign and everything else. Just amazing, thank you so much, Arkane."
76561198113800540,Not Recommended,614570,35091595,Posted: 20 September,all,Buffalo_JR,"hi Bethesda, I have a suggestion for youhow about you Release your games only after they're ready?!refund this sh**"
,Recommended,614570,35021607,Posted: 17 September,all,Le Don,"Really enjoyd it a lot and it might be my favorite Dishonored installement, which has a lot to do wwith the new powers. Level Design is as always top notch and full of details. Glad to have this title as some sort of finish to this games."
76561197970349795,Recommended,614570,35077600,Posted: 19 September,all,CrashT,"Distilled and refined, this is some of the best of Dishonored in a smaller form. Gorgeous art design, dense intricate levels, good writing, runs smoothly."
76561198049638242,Recommended,614570,34972163,Posted: 15 September,all,Proxidist,oof
,Recommended,614570,35035116,Posted: 17 September,all,turdjacket,"although short, this was a very fun game with a good enough story. the powers and gadgets are addicting as hell. for any dishonored fan i would say immediately buy this"
76561198127770203,Recommended,614570,35034438,Posted: 17 September,all,Emush,"Runs much better than the base game, and story seems more coherent, at least for now"
,Recommended,614570,35036449,Posted: 17 September,all,HEADS GROW BACK,"Placed Displace marker on a random spot on the ground, created some havoc not too far away, alarm rung, soldiers incoming, I know I'm f*cked. So I teleport back to where my marker was, and ullova sudden... my screen is red and my character is on her back on the floor. I look around and it turns out I blew some unfortunate civilian up who just happened to be there and cowering in fear.Good thing this game has no Chaos.We should rename this game ""Death of Daud"" because that's a heavier impact than the Outsider's POTENTIAL death..."
,Recommended,614570,34959949,Posted: 14 September,all,HP 5,"Great game ,i have fun playing it ,runs smooth on normal/high/ultraand of course its not Bethesda  if :http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=11353661329.2/10 I would preorder again"
,Recommended,614570,35014759,Posted: 16 September,all,Schlork,I love the Dishonored series and this iss yet anoother great game by Arkane Studios.
,Recommended,614570,35026765,Posted: 17 September,all,Ly,"Had some crashes but otherwise runs fine. Level design and art direction is brilliant as always. Voice acting could be better, same with writing but it was really enjoyable DLC."
76561198075769132,Recommended,614570,34982185,Posted: 15 September,all,weasda,Solid Dishonored DLC. Adds another 10+ hours of great gameplay.
76561198122248796,Recommended,614570,35052632,Posted: 18 September,all,joseph_beno,"This is the best game of the series... in some ways, others not so much. I won't spoil anything for anyone, but it is very creative and new, yet at the same time it makes you feel right at home and familiar with everything. But there's this strange kind of story based fog, it feels like you don't know the full story whereas with the other games from the series, you can find out a lot just from what you play through. I love this game!"
,Recommended,614570,35052430,Posted: 18 September,all,Theta,"This is not really a review,so it is not meant to be ""helpful""but rather more a personal expression of how I feel about this studio, franchise and gaming experience in order to express my gratitude to the people who created this game and thus brought some quality entertainment to my life. If you look for a more detailed and mechanical review, this is not it.""Daud taught me more than just killing.I once saw him,defeat Corvo Attano..With a sword.""""Daud and his associates will come for you, and you will do nothing, because you can do nothing.""(Kind of impossible not to get them mixed up with that choice of song in the trailer *angelface*)Thank you Arkane, I absolutely loved this addition in the franchise, as far as I have gotten in it. I do not really want to finish it, as it would mean the end to the currently available material in this franchise. Which to me, as a highly initiated scholar of the occult (Rosicrucian Magister), is my favorite franchise. The metaphors, the references, the stories, the characters.. all is absolutely top notch.The writings are exquisite, although I found some minor typos here and there.The gaming is fun and immersive, although I am not the mainstream or ordinary gamer, actually rather the opposite. I am not really a great (or should I say skilled?) gamer, as I am more of an artist and writer. But I love the intellectual content, so I make myself play games even if I am bad, because many games contains intellectual content which is (at least to me) invaluable. Just like this game.I can play a mission for hours and hours straight, looking for every little detail and reference, metaphor and subtle hint. Slowly progressing through the level in the most efficient way according to me and the current knowledge at that point.There are some minor parts which was on the negative side, in terms of gaming. The directions were in some missions very confusing, in the last level (as far as I have gotten) as well. Although this is minor and really does not bother me as an explorer, but it makes the progression harder sometimes. In contrast, in some missions the directions were almost to much. The repeating of triggered voiceover once you get to the right location were slightly killing the immersion while I was exploring, but this is very minor and more for the fast-paced gamers I guess. I also enjoyed the fact that some guards were complaining over doors and windows I did not touch, whether this is to add to AI (as in I as a player was not the only one sneaking around) or because of limitation in the AI is however debatable.And as I mentioned, I am quite an unskilled player when it comes to challenge, so I rarely ever play on anything harder than normal, or even easy, as I prefer the intellectual content over the gaming. But even at easy, some parts in this game is quite challenging, not hard or impossible, but challenging.(Yeah, I really am that bad, no shame in admitting it)But, at the end of it, or should I say, almost the end of it, I absolutely loved this game, or should I say expansion-ish?Some may say that a lot of content is recycled, but that does not bother me the slightest, as the content recycled is of top quality and therefore ok to recycle - I even felt a sting of mild nostalgia returning to some parts of the second game again, as the second game was the best thing of 2016 in terms of gaming to me personally (I was one of the lucky ones who had no problems with that game at launch).The writing is really where it shines, in both main story and side stories, events and characters, the voice acting lines and dialogue.The lonely rat boy saga truly got me in the feels, to read it in a more up close fashion. Also the burglar side mission in the fourth level. Short, effective and delivering that emotional power of the storytelling with a headkick. My ""No"" was simultaneous with Billies ""No"".And..I know most of you will not believe this. But the day after this released (I sat up almost all night playing) when I woke up and went to check the mail down the staircase, a giant rat sat outside my door (swear on the outsiders eyes this is true)Thing is, I have not seen a rat that large so up close ever in my life, and nobody of my neighbors here have seen a rat inside our staircase ever, and especially not a large one. How it was able to get in, and also to the third floor, is a complete mystery.The synchronicity and omen could not be any clearer to me, as Billie and Daud are probably my favorite characters this far in the franchise, aside from Sokolov of course - everybody loves a humble artistic genius, even fictional.If you read my, erm, 'review' this far and still wonder..Yeah, you should get the game, if money is no problem, get it at full price, you will not be disappointed. The writings, art, voice-acting, animations, AI, meshes, textures and whatnot makes this worth the money, as you can see that effort went into this. And if you are a better gamer than me (which you undoubtetly are) you would most likely get more out of the gaming side of the game than me, and I enjoy it (mainly stealth-ish) as it occupies me for hours.So yeah, I loved this experience, thank you Arkane Studios for making it possible.Please do not make this the absolute end of this franchise.I trust your capability in whatever story arc may come after this.And I am truly looking forward to it."
,Recommended,614570,35052734,Posted: 18 September,all,Saigon Squidward,"For only $30, a good experience. It ends the series well, answering quite a few questions when it comes to lore and making some nods to the original. Definitely the hardest installment in my opinion, but that could be because of the more equipment orientedness of Billie over raw magic power. There may only be a few maps but each of them are MASSIVE, probably 2 or 3 times larger than that of the maps from previous games. Bone charms are now insanely useful (providing buffs that used to be Corvo/Emily's buff powers) and somewhat challenging to find.Overall, not the best, but definitely still worth it."
,Recommended,614570,34982801,Posted: 15 September,all,Prinz Kasper,"It's good, but not 30€ Good.I reccommend getting it on a sale.Also the OG+ mode is disappointing, you only get Blink, Domino and dark vision... No far reach, no time stopping, no posession, no telekenisis... Not to mention both blink and dark vision are kind of redundant thanks to Billie's Displacement and Vision abilities"
76561198171556622,Recommended,614570,35031729,Posted: 17 September,all,Mr.Krabs,Runs well really good port way better than dishonored 2 (dishonored 2 isnt that bad anymore though)Fan boy rant :The best game in the Dishonored franchise so far! IT WAS WORTH EVERY PENNY I JUST BEAT IT AND IM GOING TO REPLAY IT SOOOOO MANY TIMES! BILLIE IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING BADASS!!!!!!
76561198105515764,Recommended,614570,35021252,Posted: 17 September,all,L0LWUT,"A fitting ending to the outsider , however to my dissapiontment there are no upgrades to the powers and only 3 powers to chose from.it is much easier to kill the outsider than you think wich dissapionts me somewhat but nonetheless , good game.now i want to know what happens after this game."
,Recommended,614570,35059731,Posted: 19 September,all,Dooflockey,"Fantastic game. It runs a hell of a lot better than Dishonored 2, even after all the patches that have come out. As usual, Arkane's level design is second to none and the powers here are the best powers Dishonored has to offer. It also doesn't penalize you for playing brutally, so now you can experiment with everything without fear of getting the ""bad"" ending. Probably the most linear Dishonored game in terms of story, but it is still very replayable. You just won't get vastly different endings. (There are two endings, as opposed to the five or so in Dishonored 2.) My biggest complaint is the way new game + is handled. Nothing carries over and you get 3 different, not as good, powers."
76561198345354166,Recommended,614570,35047961,Posted: 18 September,all,Primary Source,Love this game have its short but good. Good story and good gameplay.
76561198078101199,Recommended,614570,35045463,Posted: 18 September,all,Tilted,"Amazing game. A little weak with the story, but the gameplay makes up for that."
76561198001582593,Recommended,614570,35016202,Posted: 17 September,all,Weeb Lord,"relatively short, I do think this is worth the 30 bucks, that being said I have only done one playthrough. From what I can tell you arent given any real options to unlock major abilities, nor can you upgrade your void abilities outside of slight modifiers offered by bone charms. All in all it took me 6 hours to beat this, completing every side objective and contract given to me, and methodically killing every guard on the level, except for the final mission where I stuck to ghost tactics. I plan to do a pacifist playthrough to see if anything changes, but I doubt it. The story is either hit or miss, but isnt bad by any stretch, and leaves a decent amount of setup for dishonored 3 should there be one. If you're a big fan of the dishonored series like I am, i recommend, but if you are looking for what dishonored can really offer, I suggest just playing 2 and waiting for this to go on sale."
,Recommended,614570,35029009,Posted: 17 September,all,D_Strider413,"I was pleasantly surprised by the shift in formula from gameplay driven to plot driven - it was the best direction the game developers could have gone. With every mission, you pick up more broken, forgotten pieces of The Outsider. You find little glitches in spacetime, and like always, it is your choice to leave a big red stain on the streets of Serkonos. I think the chaos system was taken out, which doesn't affect the overall experience, in fact it feels like a little pressure is taken off of your shoulders - which is thoroughly renewed when that soundtrack hits you. Gosh the soundtrack is amazing. It's this mixture of stringed instruments that collides whenever things get intense but it still has this Spanish influence that's so befitting of Serkonos. The Outsider? Well you see more of him obviously. But he's not the monotonous, unmoving figure from the first game (sorry if that's what you were hoping for). Instead, he's far more *human*. He has emotions, and he even reveals some of his vulnerabilities to the player.I have a lot to say but I really just wanna get back to playing - this is personally my favorite game out of the franchise."
,Recommended,614570,35008977,Posted: 16 September,all,pinhead larry,"It's nowhere near Dishonored 2. With that said, DotO is still a decent game on its own with beautiful graphics and level design.-Story-It's much shorter than Dishonored 1 and 2. I'd say roughly 6-10 hours of gameplay depending on how you play. I personally thought the story itself was the weakest point of the game, whereas it was one of the stronger points of D1/2.-Mechanics-Runs on Dishonored 2 engine, all controls are the same. Things like drop assassinations, free-running, and climbing are a bit buggy as of release.-Technical-My specs: (playing at 1080/60, Medium quality)i5 6600kGTX 96016GB DDR4-Conclusion-Don't expect Dishonored 2 levels of polish and and storytelling, but for half the price, it's good for what it is."
76561198092581390,Recommended,614570,35017771,Posted: 17 September,all,Quasar,"Death of the outsider tries to introduce new ideas some of which are quite interesting but some of which utterly fail.First of all, I don't even know why you have only 3 powers. could not they just mix old and new powers together like it was in Knife of dunwall? Even though new powers are cool they could have been even more interesting when combined with old ones.I also can't understand the reasoning behind regenerative mana power. It kills  dynamism of the game. if power bar is empthy and you are  planning to do something you have to sit and wait at least 10 seconds in order to regenerate proper amount of  power and it takes 25 seconds to fully recover it than again it can be depletet in 3 uses of displace ability. And this was problematic with only combination of 3 powers. This problem will be huge with 6-7 powers . The really complex and creative things  I did in DS2 (and which required lots of amount of mana)  would be impossibe to do in Death of the outsider exactly because of the regenerative mana, maybe they encourage players to be more creative as they dont have to worry about mana and hording potions anymore, but than again they were plenty of ways to restore mana and even though I genereosuly spent this resource I have never felt lack of potions in DS2, so if they intendet to encourage creativity they are doing opposite of it, they are killling creativty.The another big downside is lack of customization of powers and lack of runes. you don't upgrade powers anymore you just modify it with bonecharms, which really sucks. in prevoius game you prioritized which powers to unlock and upgrade first, to suit powers to your playstyle. now it is all mess, the bone charm which really suits your playstyle migh be found at the end of the game, there are dozens of boncharms which were completly usless for me. In short, there is gives less control for the players.chaos system is also removed,which further decreases reason to replay it.All in all, with dishonored standarts this is a medicore game, probably this is the only game which I am ambivalent about. If you are new to the series grab prevoius games first."
,Recommended,614570,35032673,Posted: 17 September,all,LinNerd,I CRIED12/10
,Recommended,614570,35033813,Posted: 17 September,all,Woodle D,"Game is great, obviously, just gonna talk about optimization briefly for mid-range PCs. This isn't an amazing PC port, but it gets the job done. It definitely favors higher end systems, though. I have an Nvidia GTX 750 Ti 2GB, Intel i5 4460, and 12 GB RAM and I can run this game at medium settings at 1600 x 900 usually getting 60 FPS. If you played Dishonored 2, then you know that the environment and buildings is where frames would usually drop. This is still the case, but unless you really like looking at buildings fro whatever reason, then you're probably good. By the way, adaptive resolution is your hero."
76561198317136898,Recommended,614570,35095578,Posted: 20 September,all,zamashirley,"only5 mission played about few hours for 35 Aussie dollars , kind disappointed"
76561198018671284,Recommended,614570,34994843,Posted: 16 September,all,Ian,"Buggy but brilliant. Dishonoured 2 was one of my favourite games of all time, so I've been waiting for this. It's more of the same, a real showcase of what a good game can be.It has bugs, as did Dishonoured and Dishonoured 2. This shares some of the Dishonoured 2 bugs; crashing when you approach specific areas for example. There's one location in each game where the game crashes to desktop each time you approach it. Both have a female NPC standing in it, so it's perhaps the NPC. I don't know. The maps are complex allowing you to bypass these areas if necessary.I'd recommend learning how the saves work. You have autosaves, quick saves and manual saves. Make a manual save at the start of each level (menu, save) and use quick saves as and when (F5 save, F9 load). The game autosaves infrequently. If you die, or quit and restart, it may load the last autosave rather than the last quick save, just be aware. It all works well in the end.Don't let that put you off, the gameplay is fluid, the graphics are delicious, it's well worth 20 quid."
76561198086627987,Recommended,614570,34991128,Posted: 16 September,all,ofmoshandmen,"DotO has everything that makes Dishonored great: huge, richly detailed mission areas, free rein on tackling objectives, an intriguing story and world, and a satisfying blend of stealth/action.It's also a great introduction to the franchise if you haven't played the first two games. Obviously they're highly recommended, but you won't feel like you're lost due to missing out on past characters and history."
,Recommended,614570,35149527,Posted: 23 September,all,EndFiddy,Pro's:1. Billie is a ♥♥♥♥in cyborg ninja2. Voice acting3. Return of Daud4. Writing5. Map6. Contracts7. And did i mention the ♥♥♥♥ing cyborg ninja?8. Less powers for more deph and making more tenseCon's:1. Too Short2. 3-5 hours if you don't bother intercating with the world3. 8-10 if you do the contracts and do it stealthy and interacting with♥♥♥♥♥♥4. Not much or Daud5. Even though i said the writing was great it felt crammed it cause of 5 missions6. Story is a little rushed but not Konami level8/10 - ME
76561198045744684,Recommended,614570,35155211,Posted: 23 September,all,Khorneflakes,"This game is great, the optimization is similiar to dishonored 2, the gameplay is really cool the new abilities are extremely versatile, the level design is fantastic and it wraps up the dishonored 1 and 2 story pretty well."
76561198027250126,Recommended,614570,35154803,Posted: 23 September,all,Snailman32,"Definitely a good game, but not as good as Dishonoured 2 (which I guess is fair considering it's a standalone expansion, rather than a ful game). An strong conclusion to the series, but if you want to really get the best out if it, I'd recommend playing the previous entries first"
76561198201163327,Recommended,614570,35149434,Posted: 23 September,all,Lorde,"So basically it only have 5 mission,can't upgrade your power,only have 3 powers,look at the bright side,the mana regen is FAS AS ♥♥♥♥ BOIIII"
,Recommended,614570,35197285,Posted: 24 September,all,The Cell Sickler,"A fitting conclusion to one of the video game industries most detailed, immersive, and underrated series."
,Recommended,614570,35023330,Posted: 17 September,all,grasher134,"Great addition to the series. New mana system allows to use your powers without worriying about it. The only downside is the limited amount of powers in OG+, but it can be fixed in the future patches.This game seems to be more optimized than D2, as it runs better on the similar settings."
,Recommended,614570,35407384,Posted: 2 October,all,Jimmy?,By far the best Dishonored game. Absolutely loved it. Everyone needs to play this game!
76561197971400764,Not Recommended,614570,35184775,Posted: 24 September,all,Lando Carlson,"The main draw of the Dishonored series was the synergy between level design and super powers. Story and aesthetic  enhanced that core and made you want to explore the world to learn every secret,This standalone expansion was lacking in all of the above - with none of the new gameplay elements good enough to make up for it . The IDEA of the new powers and the plot seemed great prior to release, but development must have been executed by Arkane's ""B Team"". or lacked a game director, or lacked funding. It's hard to believe this came out of Arkane's studio.If you're a Disohonored fan - wait for a sale. And as most of the negative reviews have already said - get the first Dishonored's DLC instead."
,Recommended,614570,35189873,Posted: 24 September,all,BasherDasher,is good
,Not Recommended,614570,35057499,Posted: 18 September,all,Cool Noah,"As someone who loves the Dishonored franchise whole heartedly, I was extremely let down by this game. While it was still fun to be back in the world of Dishonored, it was incredibly short lived.Pros:- Playing DishonoredCons:- No chaos system (I liked being rewarded for not killing anyone)- Way too difficult (Some puzzles in the game were left way too vague to be able to realistically solve them [Black market at night time]- Not thought out (Many things throughout the game rely on Billies powers but in New Game+ you have Corvos powers and thus can now do less stuff rather than more which is what you want in NG+)- No runes and lack of powers (3 powers? And I have to get agility through a bone charm, and jot only that, finding bonecharms is pretty stupid as well as you have to use your extremely limited Foresight power)If you love the Dishonored franchise then wait for this to go on sale or just leave yourself on the high from Dishonored 2, because its really not worth full price"
,Recommended,614570,34976436,Posted: 15 September,all,Hika,"I haven't played this game for too long yet, but please don't let the mixed reviews steer you away from this game. It has been far better optimized than Dishonored 2. The launching issue is a known bug that is being worked on. The rest of the bad reviews are angry chinese people who refuse to switch to English. So honestly I really wouldn't even count those. TL:DR, you'll probably be able to run this game issue free."
,Recommended,614570,35009905,Posted: 16 September,all,mezzokoko,"If you liked Dishonored 2, then this is pretty much more of that with some tweaks to gameplay, which improve the overall flow. Didn't encounter any gamebreaking bugs and performance is generally very stable. Voiced protag talks waaaay too much during gameplay tho, possibly to make sure you dont FORGET ALL THESE SUBTLY PLACED HINTS ABOUT YOUR MISSION. I found that more annoying than useful. Everything else is pretty great tho."
76561198129416046,Recommended,614570,35054273,Posted: 18 September,all,Shadow,"Standard dishonored gameplay with some good twists. Although I am disapointed with how levels were re-used and the story was not great. I love Dishonored 1 and 2, I did not love this one. Do not expect anything fantastic but it is still a good game"
,Recommended,614570,34988009,Posted: 15 September,all,-QuenisChor-,"This is such a amazing game. Last night I was thinking on my bed whether should play this game straightaway, then I got off the bed and turned on the computer, launched Dishonorer. It was just like a DLC of Dishonored2. But it was INCREDIBLE! Very intresting, nice story. Hope you guys will love this game(dlc)"
,Recommended,614570,35038739,Posted: 17 September,all,YaBoiLightWeaponsGuy,"A masterpiece of a DLC and truly continued the legacy of the DLCs from the first game.I can't think of a single thing wrong with this DLC other than a few minor gameplay issues but other than that, absolutely stunning."
76561197970542912,Recommended,614570,35059744,Posted: 19 September,all,Yes?,"Really fun if you enjoyed the other ones in the series, it also runs and looks very well - there are no issues whatsoever for me.The powers are a bit slimmed down but very useful and enjoyable once you get the hang of it and Arkanes extreme attention to detail is the same in this game as in the earlier ones.This game is not for COD-heads, play time for me is so far approx 10 hours (expecting it´ll eventually be 20ish) and I´ve only just started the Bankvault part. I like to take my time, do all side missions, check everything and everywhere, pickpocket as well as take out most ""enemies"" in a nonlethal stealthy way. Will replay this at least once, probably twice - possibly thrice, more. Ie: good bang for your buck."
,Recommended,614570,35320447,Posted: 29 September,all,Slavic Psycho,"Its not a bad game. As a fan of the first game this has some improvments from the first like an Original Game Plus mode but at the same time it falls short of its predecesor, with a short campaign and some needed improvments like better control over some of the powers. Dishonored Death of the Outsider is still a game worth buying, but i'd recomend it be priced at $15 since its is really short. My overall rating for this game would be a 7.5/10"
76561198064181590,Recommended,614570,35326305,Posted: 30 September,all,Lolland,ahhh <3
,Recommended,614570,34982548,Posted: 15 September,all,GODSER1.COM,"If you Like Dishonored 2 and want 5 more missions to play, then get this."
,Recommended,614570,34990832,Posted: 16 September,all,Aqua,"If you don't want to read, just like a summary: This game is amazing, 11/10 buy it now!What can I say? This game is Dishonored at it's finest - the graphics are beautiful and it doesn't suffer from the performance issues that the second one had upon release. I get a solid 60fps on Ultra, and the game is great! The new powers are awesome and being a character other than Corvo or Emily is really refreshing and you rely on bone charms a whole lot more than you did in the previous ones and they are a lot harder to find usually, especially considering you don't have a way to detect them in the beginning and you get a power that can do it but it requires more manual effort than it did in the first two.The game overall is much more challenging and includes a lot more stealth elements; having your assassins creed-esque crossbow in the sleeve means that silent takedowns are easier but there isn't any guns blazing violence. You have a teleport ability similar to those of Corvo and Emily but getting to ledges higher than you is sometimes a little more difficult, meaning you require more skill in jumping from object to object. You have an ability I am upset you didn't have in the original games now that its in this one and I hope they include It in the next one; you can impersonate other people for a short amount of time and it's fantastic, really one of the best stealth game mechanics I have ever come across before.Swordplay is pretty much the same as the other two and overall it feel very Dishonored; obviously runs in the same engine as the second one and feels the same graphically - my one gripe is that even on ultra the faces lack refinement, but the environments and clothing are amazing as always. The story is great, really dark and going back to Carnaka is a treat - so is being able to talk to rats, yes, you can talk to rats.I've only had a few hours in this game and I will update you on how it goes for the rest of it but if you love dishonoured then I cannot recommend this game enough, it is more of the same and its just what I needed. If you have never played dishonoured before but wanna get into it this isn't the game for you; the rest of the series is really cheap right now and if I were you I would pick up the first one asap and play though it all because it is just amazing!11/10"
,Recommended,614570,34990998,Posted: 16 September,all,Ouroboros,"everything I liked about the previous games + some more lore about the outsider, doesn't seem like a cheap extension. it reminds me of wolfenstein: the old blood, this one was also equally ""massive"" as a DLC that they felt they should make it a standalone. It is worth the money. I'm a little sad that's the last of corvo/emily's arc story. they should have opened the game to modding, seriously."
76561197969536203,Recommended,614570,35033880,Posted: 17 September,all,Pinata WIth a Sour Expression,"Feels like the ultimate take on Dishonored - beautifully designed levels (that run well on PC, thankfully) with intricate layouts matched by equally intricate interlocking systems, great AI, great story (especially if you've played all prior titles) and an overall sense of quality. Nicely done, Arkane!"
76561198285120447,Recommended,614570,35038937,Posted: 17 September,all,Treefinngers,"I love the new mechanics, the storytelling and writing is great. Performance is much better than when Dishonored 2 came out...THANK GOD! Definitley buy it."
,Recommended,614570,35008408,Posted: 16 September,all,lugali,pretty fun loads of replayability (OG + mode is the same game with D2 skills instead of skills given in this game)levels are well designed although i had some troubles finding the way to go but i eventually beat it
,Recommended,614570,35052217,Posted: 18 September,all,☆Leafsmiles☆,"I simpily do not understand why people hate this instalment at all, I just felt like i played a masterpiece."
76561198027962164,Recommended,614570,35052267,Posted: 18 September,all,Tahki,"It's a stunning game, although may have been more suited as a DLC to Dishonored 2 rather than a seperate game. That said, in my opinion it is well worth the price."
,Recommended,614570,35056057,Posted: 18 September,all,Enthasius,"I'll save a lot of people a bunch of time and state the obvious; This DLC doesn't change anything you're not already aware of from the original game, its DLC, and the sequel. If you didn't like them, you won't like this.Right, with that out of the way; if you have enjoyed Dishonored thus far, including some of the minor tweaks and changes the main sequel did, you will probably enjoy this DLC. In the interest of keeping this brief, let's go over the general, fairly simple facts;It looks and sounds like Dishonored 2, including assets and the like, and takes place in the main games location of Karnaca, it lastly features one returning location but everything else is new for the DLC. I can't say if it runs better or worse than the original since it's technically a seperate game and I've upgraded my PC in the meanwhile. It may have some of the old issues or hopefully it's made from the same stock and patchwork the main game had.Back to the actual game proper, and its differences; Billie, your character for Death of the Outsider, has a suite of new tools, and some returning ones, as well as some new powers that are unique to the DLC. I don't want to dig too deep into them, as I'd say it's something of a spoiler, but said powers are few in number, but are technically fully upgraded from the outset. This produces an interesting difference where you don't evolve your character as you go, but I did find myself creating my own strategies due to the three powers having a degree of meshing that does reward adventurous play. This averts what I generally found with the games so-far where I tended to stick to simple methods instead of the clever multi-power usage you often see in videos online, at least for my initial runBonecharms return as well, and many of them are unique to these powers as well as acting as facsimiles to other powers and abilities. Your non-power tools can be upgraded at the black market as before, although you can't find more blueprints, so what is available will largely be where your coin goes as you go through the campaign.There's a couple of unique aspects to the game as afforded by the new powers and tools. A few puzzles can be solved with greater simplicity by being smart with your tools and powers. Largely though the game handles as you'd expect. I feel it isn't quite the change of pace the first games' DLC campaign content was, but ultimately, I felt it did well enough to certainly earn a recommendation."
,Recommended,614570,35008013,Posted: 16 September,all,TrikkyCoyote,"Definitely recommended, it goes above and beyond your typical DLC. Hell, it's even its own standalone game for half price of normal retail games. The story, if you just pay attention the main quests and don't bother to explore or do contracts, will take around eight or so hours. Finding everything and doing all the quests will take you around twelve, and subsequent playthroughs will be even more amazing as you can play several different ways and upgrade different powers.SORTA SPOILERS-This game really felt like a good closing to the 'Kaldwin' era and hopefully we'll see more from the Dishonored franchise in the future, though I'd imagine it would have to be set long after the events of the last two games."
76561197971151619,Not Recommended,614570,35049924,Posted: 18 September,all,kurosd,"I keep trying to play this game but it crashes consistently.  I have the reqs, not running anything I shouldn't....and pick a mission....it crashes.  I start a new game.....crashes 3rd mission.  Start a new game, crashes 1st mission.  Another new game, 2nd mission....SOB.  Really?!?!?!"
,Recommended,614570,34998910,Posted: 16 September,all,Lomeitlo,As good as Dishonored 2
,Recommended,614570,35023507,Posted: 17 September,all,JokerBat,"I've only played the first two missions so my opinion may change in the end.I bought dishonored: death of the outsider because I've always loved the dishonored series.I bought it on pc because I've played the first one on Xbox 360, the second one on PS4, as well as the rest of the dlcs on the first one on ps.I've always loved this series but the combat never felt right on a joystick. So when they announced Death of the outsider I was drawn to playing it on pc to try itBOOOOOY WAS I RIGHT  THIS GAME ON PC IS SO SMOOTH (despite the fact I have a slightly outdated pc) AND THE COMBAT WAS MEANT FOR A KEYBOARD AND MOUSENow to the actual game:The game takes on a new perspective (since it is billie rather than daud) therefore it is a fresh face. The new powers bring a new way to take on the game in very enjoyable way, it's different yet similar to the other games.The new game brings a new, larger environment. This meaning that you can change the ways you do an objective since there are multiple ways to get it done (when I die I change ever single thing I did last time). I did mission one as quick run (just shooting and killing everyone in my way). while in the second one I tried to be stealth and not get directed (failed at the very end but I mean I tried)Now I'm only on the 3 mission now but still the game is pretty short (5 missions) . Most likely since it's a DLC and not a ACTUAL GAME. THATS WHAT PEOPLE DONT UNDERSTAND ITS A STANDALONE DLC (although I think $30 is too much for a standalone dlc with only 5 missions. It should've been $20)10/10 would love to blow up a mime for a contract again."
76561198046816203,Recommended,614570,35022635,Posted: 17 September,all,2Edgey™,"Great game feel the price was a little high for what we got only around 5 - 7 hrs gameplay and has a few bugs that could be game breaking like people seeing you through walls and hearing you while having upgrades to be quiet, which can be fixed but overall decent story and great graphics just like dishonored 2."
,Recommended,614570,34976088,Posted: 15 September,all,ASmallPackOfWolves,10/10 would be a depressed Megan Foster again.
,Recommended,614570,35128499,Posted: 22 September,all,TEEZY,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚
,Recommended,614570,34982736,Posted: 15 September,all,Koekje,My favorite game. Period.
,Recommended,614570,35027578,Posted: 17 September,all,Mr Crocker,Not the strongest entry to the series but still great. I give this one 13 Dauds.
76561197963832401,Recommended,614570,34977354,Posted: 15 September,all,Vamp,Pure gold!
76561198052260157,Recommended,614570,35009911,Posted: 16 September,all,Gray Fox,"It had such an amazing gameplay and such an intriguing story.It didn't end how I expected, but I think that's a good thing."
,Recommended,614570,35039084,Posted: 17 September,all,FIDGET SPINER boi   ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° ),"I love bille and her voice on stuff in the Dishornored world, I love the ending to, thought the choice to let the outsider live or die was pretty good. The world was very open and the new powers where dope lol, the blink explodes people lol."
,Recommended,614570,34996753,Posted: 16 September,all,Joal,"i keep on forgetting billie lurk is bi...PROS:+good Gameplay+good story+functions better than DH2CONS:-OverPriced-Short Game-CRAZY optomizationoverall, it's pretty good if you're not afraid of paying more and getting less7/10"
,Recommended,614570,34975787,Posted: 15 September,all,McWhiteDeath,"This game was a blast to play!It was kind of short,but i think this is getting a DLC.The powers are fun to use and the AI is very smart!It also has a way to scare you with those times a nonhuman hostile attacks you and chases u downGood Job Arkane and Bethesda!!!"
,Recommended,614570,35021643,Posted: 17 September,all,Seara,Top game
76561198142433450,Not Recommended,614570,35032863,Posted: 17 September,all,BM10X,"First of all allow me to cover the bases.No I do not need 30 hours of gameplay to decide if this game is good or not.Let me say this.I do not recommend this game simply on the fact that it is just a repeat of the previous two games.  Same gameplay style, same setting, different characters.This has been my entire issue with AAA titles lately.  Same Crap different story...BORING!  Not interested in playing the same game twice anymore.If you are a big fan of the Dishonored franchise then by all means, this game is probably for you.  Otherwise, either pass on it for wait for a big sale."
,Recommended,614570,34966921,Posted: 15 September,all,FF_T0,Buy it. Very good game
76561197982443722,Recommended,614570,35013763,Posted: 16 September,all,Dedmosh,"The best entry in the Dishonored series to date. Take your pick, an awesome set of powers that supports any style of play, a story that is truly interesting with a protaganist that is far more interesting than her predecessors. Whereas previous entries have been standard revenge tales this time around you are presented with a morally grey objective with a conflicted character.Michael Madsen is outstanding in his role as Daud, however I would have liked to hear more from him.The campaign is very short if you are only interested in completing the objectives. They also take place on maps that were already used as assets in Dishonored 2 although since this is an expansion that is somewhat to be expected.The best change in gameplay by far is the reworked void energy system, mana potions are no longer needed which is vastly superior to its predecessor. It never really made sense to me that characters with the Outsider's mark were forced to drink potions constantly. Now your mana recharges to full as long as you give it enough time.Without delving into spoilers, I was disappointed in The Outsider because he was a great character. Saying any more would spoil the story.The result of all these factors is a very focused experience that taken by itself or as a part of the Dishonored series is a joy to play through.Overall the best game in the Dishonored franchise to date, the only drawbacks being that I wanted more of it bc this is the best set of powers, and also the lack of brand new levels with the notable exception of the final one.Worth the price, buy it, play it, love it!"
76561198093758567,Recommended,614570,35072142,Posted: 19 September,all,Hawkman,ye boi
,Recommended,614570,35039028,Posted: 17 September,all,kitka9,i lked it
76561198059395528,Recommended,614570,34968041,Posted: 15 September,all,smiley_face123,Amazing!
,Not Recommended,614570,34984024,Posted: 15 September,all,Child of Magicarp,"This is basicly not a game. its a standalone expansion for dishonored 2. You get 5 missions and a OG+(original game +) same thing just some changes in the abilities. It's what you whould expect from a dlc. Completed the whole story, opened every vault i could find, serched all the places i could and i was done in 4 hours with the main game.  Its a good buy if you want more backstory on your friendly captain from dishonored 2 but if anything else its a dlc reworked in to a game of its own."
,Not Recommended,614570,35012020,Posted: 16 September,all,Hukaria,"Bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥- Game doesn't load with i7, 1080 and 32GB of RAM..."
,Not Recommended,614570,34984035,Posted: 15 September,all,TrueKirby,"This one did not grab me like the previous Dishonored games did. One reason being movement and traversal. In Dishonored 2 the blink ability was great. Freeze time until you decided where to blink to. In Death of the Outsider you have to press LT twice in order for you to actually teleport to where you want to go using the Blink equivanlent ability. It makes getting around a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and it ruins momentum.Second reason, the abilities are kind of lame and there's only three of them. You also can't upgrade these said abilities but you can apply bonecharms to modify them. One of the main points that drew me to the Dishonored series were the cool powers so it's disappointing that this game is lacking in cool powers.Finally the game doesn't do a great job at making you feel like a badass. Want to headshot enemies during combat with ease? Not when they're wearing helmets. One shot knocks off the helmet, the next headshot will then kill them. Pretty annoying. Even though you're supposed to be a superpowered assassin I can't help but feel more vulnerable in this game than I did in the previous Dishonored games where you could freeze time and run away or stab everyone if you got overrun.Sorry Arkane Studios, I love you though maybe next time."
,Recommended,614570,34974500,Posted: 15 September,all,The Norwegian,"Very satisfied.I have no issues with performance, in fact it runs even better than Dishonored 2.Billies powers is a fresh breath of gameplay to the series!"
76561198074686896,Recommended,614570,35055929,Posted: 18 September,all,ClaySoldier,"Want the short and sweet version? cool.I'm reccomending this game because, in my opinion, it was pretty good. The new powers and gadgets were nice and I apreciated how the game was, in fact, optimized on release. Overall it played quite well.There's only five levels, which kind of sucks as the fourth is a re-work of the Royal Conservatory from D2, and the third is basically using the same map as the second with another area on it.Displace and foresight are fantastic, but semblance can be kind of strange (I'm looking at you Jacobi).Hook mines are my favourite things ever, but there kinda buggyBelow is a spoiler for anyone who cares not or has progressed passed mission 3. Like MAJOR spoiler MAAAAAJORI'm going to try to do the black spoiler bar thing but if it doesn't work, you've been warned, like seriously.I'm super♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about this.../spoilerThey kill Daud off screen. ♥♥♥♥ you Arcane."
,Recommended,614570,34980989,Posted: 15 September,all,Mister Lister the Sister Fister,MAN I GOTTA PEE
76561198068865782,Not Recommended,614570,35007472,Posted: 16 September,all,kafstar1,same vsync/gsync type broken engine stuttering that plagues DH2 altough not as severe. Might as well have a 60FPS framerate lock on it and I take my 144hz monitor back to the shop for a refund. Or I keep my monitor and GTX 1080 and hI-spec rig and refend Death of the outsider and save my $$ for serious developers who care for serious PC gamers.....yep....refunded.
,Not Recommended,614570,35236524,Posted: 26 September,all,gamerstu,Aweful waste of money and time.
76561198139154430,Recommended,614570,34977209,Posted: 15 September,all,QWERTY,.
76561198124292953,Not Recommended,614570,34984529,Posted: 15 September,all,GuyMan,"Hmm idk if i like this game, and for 30 bucks i wouldnt reccomend iti got dishonored 2 on sale for 20 dollars and it was an amazing game in terms of just being badass, in this game i dont feel that instead its just stratigicly teleproting and sneaking around, for those who got dishonred for stealth and stratagy this is your game, otherwise, wait for a sale to try it out, as some of the badass moves like blink and shadow walk arnt in this game and are instead replaced with abilities that are used to spot out enemies and teleport before the heat of the moment."
76561198078985900,Recommended,614570,35060701,Posted: 19 September,all,DEUTSCHLAND EAGLES,"So many people ♥♥♥♥♥ing about prices. If u think its expensive, then ♥♥♥♥ off and pull yourself outta minimum wage. The game is good."
76561198085477813,Not Recommended,614570,35008478,Posted: 16 September,all,<online nickname>,Female main character.
,Recommended,614570,34983299,Posted: 15 September,all,ClockworkSentinel,"While this game has great gameplay and fantastic art style and  graphics, I would like to address it's faults:1.No neutral gender bathrooms? What is this nonsense?!2. No LGBT, SJWs, or Feminists characters at all! This is why dragon's age, mass effect, and Skyrim will always outclass games like these; they are not afraid to portray real-life issues of the world.3. Straight white males. These 'things' really shouldn't be in the game at all, period. At least you get to kill them, that's whats important here.4. The religion in this game, The Abbey of the Everyman, it's called, is the only religion in the game, besides worshipping the devil. The followers of the Abbey often kill innocents. This is a terrible way to portray Christians and Muslims! Both religions are religions of peace! Why can't they embrace the diversity in our society? The devs should be more politically correct.5. The community is filled with cisgender white male transphobic heteronormative conservative bigoted xenophobic honkey♥♥♥♥♥representative of majority mansplaining manspreading loose-shirted ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who hate the protagonist because she is a strong independent black lesbian woman who doesn't need a man.Of course Dishonored®: Death of the Outsider™ has a lot of issues, but I pointed out the most important ones."
,Recommended,614570,34954204,Posted: 14 September,all,lordjyw,Finally get it runned.
,Not Recommended,614570,34967790,Posted: 15 September,all,RyanH,"0 improvement from Dishonored 2, the port is still♥♥♥♥♥♥ Please never use this engine ever again.*SPOILERS AHEAD*EDIT: Furthermore, you get 10 hours of gameplay out of this, maybe 20 if you push it, 30 if you replay the whole thing on ""Original Game +"" (which is a waste of time btw, only swaps out your better abilities for ones in Dishonored 2). There's only 5 missions, 2 of which take place in the same setting, 1 of which is ported from Dishonored 2 (!!!), and they killed off my favorite character of all:Daud.It wasn't even a good send off. He just...dies. The Knife of Dunwall just poofs into the Void."
,Not Recommended,614570,34967254,Posted: 15 September,all,Painelement,"Press Launch, the program show in task manager for 5 secs and disappearMaybe change the non-unicode to English can fix but WHY SHOULD I DO THATI prefer refund"
,Recommended,614570,35222140,Posted: 26 September,all,MissEm,Great game :)
76561198009850302,Recommended,614570,34952874,Posted: 14 September,all,NerV,"Wow. Beautiful graphics, beautiful game play and rich in lore.If you are a dishonored fan then buy it now.If you find 30 bucks too much for 7-8 hours worth of game play, wait for your sale."
76561198084124130,Recommended,614570,35141988,Posted: 22 September,all,Jason,"Dishonored Death of the Outisder is an amazing game, i have beaten it 3 times and every single one was fun. the only problems i had were the fact that the game is only 5 chapters and that isn't very long, but nonetheless it was one of if not my most hyped game of 2017. and the only quirk i had was the fact that when i had my weapons put ayay and i used somethign like dispalce, mysword didn's show up until i pressed the attack button, but i still think the game is great. I would give this game a 10/10 for its awesome gameplay, outstanding graphics, great places to visit. This game is amazing"
,Not Recommended,614570,34985245,Posted: 15 September,all,♠Rosso65♠,"im changing my review. im giving this a thumbs down because its very linear. you can only go a few ways, no more then 2 for the ending. sorry if this is a spoiler but eh.. its not worth the money"
,Recommended,614570,35171178,Posted: 23 September,all,SecretCylonParty,"A brilliant, engrossing conclusion to the plot arc begun by the original Dishonored. Yet, as always, I find myself wanting more of this universe."
,Recommended,614570,35171219,Posted: 23 September,all,AtomicPunk,"Great finale to the game. It's a little over half the length of the original game, so the price is just right. My favorite part is transporting inside someone and exploding them ;)"
,Recommended,614570,35192771,Posted: 24 September,all,EnglandIsMyCity,"Although short, and somewhat lacking in story, I really enjoy this game and would recommend it to fans of Dishonored and Dishonored 2. Very linear if thats something that bothers you, you may not enjoy this game as much as the previous."
76561198025174792,Recommended,614570,35172579,Posted: 23 September,all,Semris,"Being basically an expansion to Dishonored 2, you get additional two gaming days of meaningful gameplay, it´s story will certainly have impact on future Dishonored games.If you are a fan of the series you cannot get wrong. New character, few new skills to play with, new maps to explore. Well you cannot go wrong unless you expect a full game which it is not (even if it is presented that way).If you are new to the series and you consider this as your first buy, I would recomment buying and playing Dishonored 2 (or even better Dishonored 1!) first. This game is really only an expansion or a bigger DLC (similar to Dishonored 1 DLCs) and it´s limited in content in more than one way."
,Recommended,614570,35165916,Posted: 23 September,all,King of Braves,"Solid followup to Dishonored 2. For a five level standalone, it reuses two levels (Missions 2 & 3 take place on the same map, and it reuses the Royal Conservatory level from base Dishonored 2) I reccomend it if you liked Dishonored 2, but probably not at full price."
,Recommended,614570,35145201,Posted: 22 September,all,Dragonscoronation,"Very enjoyable game, love the new features and the storyline. However the length of the game doesn't really justify the price. Recommend it, but you should probably get it on sale."
,Recommended,614570,35125633,Posted: 22 September,all,SurrealSaxhleel,"Good things:• Billie Lurk is really fun to play as, I found myself invested in her character and her powers are simple and minimilistic compared to Corvo and Emily, but make for plenty of fun combinations in conjunction with the new gadgets seen in this expansion.• Taking away the Chaos system and the limit players normally have on superpowers (mana recharges completely on its own and potions are not used) completely changes the gameplay, allowing players to be more creative without worrying about resource management as much.• The optimization is MUCH better here than Dishonored 2 was, and gives me hope that maybe in the future, we might get an update for the main game to fix it completely or make it run as smooth as this does. Very happy to see this.• I liked the story a lot, though it was a bit short and felt like it might have benefitted from a couple of extra hours or something. Don't wanna spoil too much but I feel it's more emotionally driven than any other entry in the Dishonored series, particularly with the focus on Billie and Daud having to face up to their mistakes, which is a nice change of pace IMO.• Contracts and bonus sidequests in the missions are really great, and add a lot of bonus content and oppurtunities for completionists and casual players alike. Definitely one of the major highlights of the game, and honestly, I would love to see this return in the future.• As with all Dishonored games, there's a lot of replay value to be had here, however taking away the Chaos system does kind of nullify this aspect a little bit.Bad things:• The campaign is only about 5-6 hours in length, which doesn't seem worth $30 US dollars IMO, so wait for a sale in the future before buying.• Original Game+ is misleading and only replaces your powers with similar ones from the main game, as opposed to giving you all the powers.• The level design in general is still great just like the other Dishonored games, but there's only five missions and maps, and two of them share an outdoors area, and one of them is just a smaller version of the Royal Conservatory from Dishonored 2 set in the daytime, so as a result, it makes the game feel largely 'recycled' from Dishonored 2's assets."
76561197987630975,Recommended,614570,34959807,Posted: 14 September,all,Serendipity,"Good, well crafted and finely polished gameplay wise. Running much more smoothly for me than dishonored 2 did on launch so performance was good. For me, the weakest element was the writing for the outsider, which victimised him and made the ending underwhelming and a bit silly. Additonally there seemed to be a lot of misdirected hate from the heroine towars the outsider which felt forced. It still lacks the dystopian charm that dishonored did so well but dishonored 2 fails to capture again but otherwise was very enjoyable.Definetely worth the asking price for a game that is perhaps 8 hours ish on a speedy playthrough."
,Recommended,614570,35003189,Posted: 16 September,all,FLEXANDER HIBBLETON,"Oh boy, where even to start.When i first played Dishonored back in the day, every theory about The Outsider was that he was some shapeshifting evil trickster god. But then a few people started theorizing 'what if he was human once?' and then i had to know more.It feels like a lifetime ago, and now, we finally learned what really happend.This game feels like a perfect ending, to this arc of the story.Everything from the tone of the game, and the acting, and worldbuilding was top notch, and i had to pause the game several times to feel those nostalgic pangs in my heart when there was a reference or nod to the other games.Billie is a very nice character to be in the shoes of, i really enjoyed her powers, and her comments on the world.I wouldn't mind playing her again.This game is gonna be my most replayed Dishonored game by far i think.I sincerely hope for more Dishonored content after this one, because it sure does leave you with a longing for more."
76561198150715907,Not Recommended,614570,35031327,Posted: 17 September,all,geckoman242,"MY ARM! MY ARM! WHERES MY ARM!! AHHHH!!I enjoyed the game as a whole BUT it was very very short(5 missons and one was the tutorial) and very overpriced for how short it is(would have been better as a dlc like Knife of Dunwall from the first game)Pros-Billie Lurk 2 the lurking-New powers: which include do it your self dark vison, I want to be there, Let me borrow your face, and get out of my face.-Story was interesting-Closure on Daud (i'm not crying)-Bite Bite BIte, scurry scurry in a hurry.-Big maps little thingsCons-Only one assisnation and not more targets or deliever to a stalker targets-Cheaped out of 2 blue juice powers-You only need 4 google map tabs open at once-Game was shorter then something I haven't found yet-15 dollars over my GREAT GAME price-Did you kill thousands? well we got the perfect ending for you pick one out of 2 for the low price of pressing f and still  get the good ending-Title spoiled it all"
76561198039534494,Recommended,614570,35051034,Posted: 18 September,all,ccotunai,"In many ways, similar to Dishonored 2, but better where it matters. It's much more optimised, smaller, but cheaper, great story and vocie acting and the gameplay overhaul especially in regards to mana is a great decision. Being able to use up to 4 blinks / displacements consucutively is a godsend, and even if it's just 3 powers for Billie it's enough because I didn't really use all of Corvo and Emily's powers anyway, sicne they weren't essential and they used up a lot of mana.The chaos mechanic is gone, for better of worse, and this seems to be the conclusion to the series, at least as far as the characters are concerned. But it was a very good wrapup with both closure and some mystery."
,Recommended,614570,35031006,Posted: 17 September,all,daddy yankee,proof that there will never b a bad dishonored game
,Recommended,614570,35359006,Posted: 30 September,all,rosedragon,"If you are new to the series, play dishonored 1 or 2, not this one, because the story in this doesn't give much backgrounds of what happened before (contrary to d2, which tells you what happened in d1 in a glimpse + books).If you are old to the series and want to see closure of all the mysteries around the void and outsider, play it.Pro: The game itself have a nice creative levels, some are the ones you explore in d2 but with a twist. The powers Billie have are fun and make your brain thinking, it does feels like you are a profesional assasin-- you need to plan accordingly. The contract system also reflect that assasin status, you got a few contracts that is pacifist, a few others that are murder, your choose which ones to take. What most important in this game tho, is the closure, end of all mysteries.Cons: the game doesn't let you choose 'chaos start', everything is nice and the ending is just two concept arts with like 2 lines of text compared to the previous dishonored. The outsider never try to explains why he took Billie's eye and hand (it was because she supposedly losing it, until... time being muddled). Eq upgrades isn't as exciting as before and bone charms stacked on the first level's blackmarket, forcing player to plunder them >.> ..."
,Recommended,614570,35352227,Posted: 30 September,all,半可通,"Should have been a DLC but it's fun for what it is, only 3 powers but its's fun for what it is, If you are not a hardcore Dishonored Fan wait for the price to drop."
,Recommended,614570,35394662,Posted: 1 October,all,dageshi,"As others have said I think whether you think this will be worth it is dependent on your playstyle, if you're a stealth no kills player then this is genuinely excellent DLC, you kinda get the impression that that's how the devs think you should play, Billies powers not being particularly offensive based.If you're an offensive hack and slash kill everyone player, you'll likely blitz through it very quickly.For me, I absolutely loved it, I think it's possibly my favourite game universe, thank you Arcane for such a fantastic series of games."
,Recommended,614570,35353193,Posted: 30 September,all,jtb33z,"if this the end of the series, they finished it fabulously. loved every minute of it."
,Recommended,614570,35387329,Posted: 1 October,all,maley,"This game is a stand alone DLC / sequel to Dishonored 2.  The events in it happen after D2 but you don't need to own D2 to play it so it's in this weird category.  If you enjoyed the prior Dishonored games I think you'll enjoy this.  It twists it up as you don't necessarily have powers from the outsider but you still have some somehow which I don't think was fully explained but that didnt' bother me much.You play as Billie/Megan from D2 and the game features a returning character from D1/DLC to D1.  It's a shorter experience as it's only 5 missions instead of the 9 from the prior games.  As the game is shorter, the first 4 missions offer some side quests during the game that interact with the main mission.Same gameplay before as you can sneak or kill everything and everyone.Games runs smoothly on i5-4670k and a 1070.  Also using gsync so that could hide issues.A+, would buy again.  Thanks Arkane!"
76561197970513373,Recommended,614570,35392131,Posted: 1 October,all,ZPr13st [1080 VR],Some of my favorite Dishonored levels and moments happened in this 15 hour short campaign. The contract system was nice and added some play variety and things to do.My only issue with the game is the final level. I feel it was a mistep and didnt flow with the rest of this gorgeous game. Worth it if you are a fan of the Dishonored series and espcially if you take a stealthy approach.
76561197973770490,Recommended,614570,35443726,Posted: 3 October,all,Blue,"More of the same, excellent!"
,Recommended,614570,35233515,Posted: 26 September,all,R4NKY,"expensive dlc - less than DH2 but still very nice to play. the third run only took me 49min from start to end, so dont expect too much from the game"
76561198297180925,Recommended,614570,35248570,Posted: 27 September,all,theonewhoknocks,"By now you must have heard that the game only has 5 missions, that one of them is half of the Royal Conservatory map and that 2 others share a map - but the questions remain:is it any good? How about replayabilityREPLAYABILITYMana regenerates fully now, so there are no mana potions -  obvious downside being that you'll never be able to do those crazy powers-based runs in which you go through 10 potions. The default setting has 3 ""Displaces"" (equivallent of Blink) worth of mana and then you have to sit and wait to be able to ""blink"" even once; of course, this is on ""very hard"" (the only way to play this) and you can customize the difficulty so that everything remains just as hard bar for the mana regen - which still leaves you waiting for regeneration instead of allowing you to go ham and have fun.There are only 3 powers and while they're different they don't offer anything you couldn't do already in dishonored 2. To make matters worse, the ""NG+"" mode has been replaced with ""OG+"" (original game plus) and, in this mode, you're still only allowed 3 powers - and if this wasn't bad enough, you don't get to pick and choose them: no, you get Blink, Dark Vision and Domino.So if you're wondering ""hey, 5 missions is not much but at least it gives me new powers and I'll be able to still get a sh*t ton of hours on this by pulling off those crazy runs"", then I'm afraid that that will not be the case.Blame it on developers with sh*t ideas about ""balance"" (on an effing sp game lol), blame it on laziness, etc: at the end of the day the game still lacks severely in one of its defining aspects.LEVEL DESIGNThere is one big, exciting map that is shared by 2 different missions - one of which introduces a bank that you need to rob. The first map is too short (feels like tutorial map), the 4th is half of the Royal Conservatory map and the last is...odd - by no means bad, but still not as good as your usual final maps.There is, per usual, a ton of stuff to do in every level (some more than others) and the levels are all beautiful. Now you have ""contracts"" (something which, to be honest, already existed in D2 and players already made up in their spare time) - but none of which is as interesting as you might expect.There is no groundbreaking level like Clockwork Mansion or Crack in the Slab, but you'll still have a lot of fun regardless.STORYThe game has a significantly ""darker"" atmosphere than D2 - which, to some, fits very well with its theme and is, in general, a welcome characteristic as it's more ""in tune"" with D1 (to some).However, if you're not interested in Void lore you'll find the game lacking severely. Everything you do from mission 1 onwards is Daud's idea and you're just a confused executioner - which, naturally, makes you wonder why they couldn't let you play as Daud in the first place (you know, keeping in tune with the base game D2). Surely the story would be more compelling if you stepped in the shoes of a fan favorite character and got to play as the one with the mainmotivations...no?To make matters worse, the amazing Daud is a wheezing shadow of a man that you get to see in 3 missions -AND THEY KILLED HIM OFFSCREEN!.VEREDICTIs it worth the price? No.Is this DLC passing as a standalone game? Yes.Does it look just like D2? Yes and no - main differences being that this one is more polished visually and, above all, runs well.Does it live up to the hype? No.I am recommending this but barely...TLDR: GET IT ON SALE."
76561198040704015,Recommended,614570,35434641,Posted: 2 October,all,Skrum 𝘋𝘦𝘭𝘶𝘹𝘦,Is good game for ratboys The Standalone Finale™
76561198021471972,Recommended,614570,35463147,Posted: 3 October,all,MMSPIDER,"The story and dialog lacks any memorable moments. Although the gameplay is fun and typical dishonor mechanics. I usually beat a new dishonored game by day 4-5 of playing (the main story). This game took me 2 days without doing any side mission/contracts. Regardless of what people say about the price, its half of a game (in terms of length). So the 30 bucks isn’t unreasonable"
,Not Recommended,614570,35504818,Posted: 5 October,all,Zomberica,"I just finished the game and I have to say, I am pretty mad.  Why are the developers rushing all of the dishonored games its a waste of your time and money.  This is not worth the money there are 5 missions, thats it.  If you are looking for a good game get the first and second one."
76561198132484682,Recommended,614570,35507230,Posted: 5 October,all,BlackFox,"This game...was amazing,honestly.It takes the graphics from dishonored (so it looks really nice).It introduces new powers,and mechanics.HOWEVER this game is 5 missions  and wont even take you a day to complete(1-4 hrs long).BUT you can make it longer by taking on contracts.Bye Bye"
