user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197979402731,Recommended,616250,34199175,Posted: 12 August,all,Zatio,"This is another great VN with good characters and just like Ace Academy its in english which is something rare but not bad at all.Hope to see more games like this on steam.Loving the story and emotions so far, all i can say is keep up the good work and that any one interested in this as of 12.08.2017 can expect to have a great time for 4 - 6 hours.It is a shame there is only one romance route , that is a big draw back for me, but its still going to be a fun experience just wish they would add all the girls as romance option or atleast Amelia to have two options.But it is what is..i am not going to change my review to negative over this but it is tempting.So any one hoping for a good selection of romance options like me will be very disappointed."
,Recommended,616250,35130072,Posted: 22 September,all,Afterval,"Just Finished Episode 2! :)) And as someone who also supported ACE Academy from EA. I can also say that this is another job well done. I can't wait for the final version, there r gonna be some minigames!+ The Voice acting r improved greatly.+ The Characters now have some kinda movement like in Nekopara ;)+ Finally a Visual Novel with Isekai settings that is not involving any Orcs or Tentacles. Don't know about the future updates tho+ Tons of Dialogue Choices. fckn love it!+ Visuals r great as always.- Still an EA game so.. You'd be left hanging for months of Developement.- No Immouto this time? Sux- I still don't like their choice on music. Lel"
76561198041810417,Recommended,616250,33990555,Posted: 3 August,all,Katana,"Graphics 5/5Crystalline is an amazing visual novel with graphics that are absolutely out of this world. In most visual novels you get still frames and occasionally mouth movements and eye blinks as extra features. In Crystalline, you get tilting heads, swaying hair, and complete shifts in their body moments that almost creates an illusion that these characters are in fact breathing entities. In this regards, I have to say, it's pretty cool. The creators have gone that extra mile, so to speak.Story 2 to 5/5Let me explain the rating I give towards the story. Since the story is NOT complete I have to give it a rating of 2. In respect to the time and effort of what is available at this moment, I have to say the story is really good and deserves a 5 in my expectations towards its final product. Every character is well developed with depths to their characters. There are also many dialogue choices and options which ensures active participation of readers who partake in this visual novel. I like choices. I like having many choices. There are alot of visual novels that do not deliver as many choices as I have seen so far in Crystalline.Mini-Games Pending/5There are a lot of hints of mini-games being developed in Crystalline, but at the moment are not available in its early access. I am very excited to see what they are and as far as I can tell there are already at least the possibility of 5 if not more once it is completed.Humor 4/5So far, there is a lot of humor in the story including moments that makes subtle references towards X-men and Breaking Bad. If you are familiar with those shows, you probably will get a kick out of seeing those jokes.Final ThoughtsAs long as the producers finish the story as I believe they will there is no better bang for your buck than by jumping the gun and getting early access. The time and effort that went into the novel so far tells me it is probably going to jump in price by the time it is finished and depending on the final price, justified. There is simply too many details and polishing that has gone into the novel so far to suggest otherwise.Visual novel lovers will not want to miss out."
76561198069605405,Recommended,616250,34339917,Posted: 18 August,all,bdones326,"This game's humor is op. Jokes are my bane of existence. Overall, Crystalline is a very well made game. Props to the whole team."
76561198276692132,Recommended,616250,34686701,Posted: 2 September,all,auric.orange,"I have entered into this faustian “early access” bargain and purchased Crystaline. However, I was bitterly disappointed to find that none of the characters permitted me early access - or indeed, any access at all. Regardless, Crystalline compensates for these obvious shortcomings in other ways.Crystalline’s extraordinary production values are matched only by its astonishingly deep narrative, which has utterly blown me away. Right from the outset, the VN offers a rich analysis of the contemporary human condition. In a world dominated by facebook and the blogosphere, the mere act of running into a pretty girl on a warm day is indeed no less fantastical than the world of swords and sorcery in which the protagonist finds himself. The VN therefore immediately sets out to ask – which experiences have been robbed of us by the modern world?This fantasy/real world dichotomy is similarly used to bitterly satirise our energy crisis. Energy crystals – a non-fossil fuel energy source - are similarly the domain of a fantasy world. The eventual exhaustion of our own oil reserves and the bleak, lightless future that shall follow are a grim contrast to the bright world of Crystalline. I am unsure whether the fact that the story may only be read on an electronic device is further commentary in this vein, but it seems likely.The pango are patently reminiscent of breasts, but are also saturated with “cute” charm rather than more sultry alluring femininity. Perhaps this is a meta-commentary on the tendency of visual novels to oversexualise the young and cute? One thing I appreciate about Crystalline is that it respects the reader enough to arrive at this obvious conclusion for themself. Continuing in this vein, the pango’s voice actress is superb, and imbues each utterance of “Poi” with a prismatic emotional range that powerfully underscores every scene.One narrative decision that initially left me repulsed and confused were the sequences of the corrupt treasurer. Higher tax rates are a natural requirement for any socialist policies, and the immediate knee-jerk reaction to them reeks of the modern neoliberal agenda. Indeed, the treasurer endorsing higher taxes is presented as evil. This tacit endorsement of Randian economics was ininitially worrying. On closer examination, however, this reading does not hold true. The protagonists ultimately engage in a selfless – and thus socialist – act, in their “rescue” of the town, and these actions are presented in a positive light. Pixelfade therefore presents a balanced and nuanced economic philosophy, which ultimately sides firmly with the people.Finally, the shadow-mage’s mind-control is reminiscent of deific determinism. If we are watched over by an omnipotent god who is able on whim to control and intercede in our lives, then are we not puppets just as the mayor is? Is religion itself a brand of shadow magic? Certainly the authority and influence of the priesthood have historically held great power over rulers. Perhaps what Pixelfade are really trying to say in this sequence is that the separation of the church and state is necessary for the ideal government. This is an America-centric view that fails to consider the existence of Islamic-Turkey under Erdogan, but I expect these shortcomings will be addressed in the next release.I was disappointed with the lack of romanceable options for Zack. Although not homosexually inclined myself (I have only kissed one man, and then whilst heavily inebriated), I certainly appreciate the firm feel a man’s buttocks beneath my palm. I accept that the visual novel is only to have one romanceable option, but would urge Pixelfade to reconsider this erroneous and, frankly, heteronormative design philosophy.Ultimately, my feelings may best be summarised with the Joycean utterance “bababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonnerronntuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthurnuk.” Well done, Pixelfade.but serously wen we gonna git our hnds on dem pangos fya narmean"
76561198255973439,Recommended,616250,33850454,Posted: 28 July,all,jac.baysinger,"I DEFINITELY recommend this game. I've only just played through the demo once, and I'm so excited to get the rest of the story parts and see the finished project. I joined the Discord community for this game and the creators seem to be very interested in the input of their gamers, which I love. Just a random note (:Anyway.ART: Like- I LOVED the art. It's very fantasy driven it seems, and it really does look like a wonderful fairy tale you'd like to learn more about. Constructive - I'd like to see a tad bit more variation, but if the money isn't there, it's still very fantastical and wonderful. It's just beautiful.Characters: Like - VERY well rounded characters. Very real and fun to interact with. I can't wait to see how their art is finished to see how they are in the live 2D form. The characters that are done are very wonderful. Great job. Constructive - I'd like to see how some of the choices the main character chooses affects them long term. Since the game isn't finished yet, I don't think I've seen it. But I'm very excited to see it through.Dialogue and choices: Like - Very real voice acting and dialogue. It's fantastic and very endearing. Like/Constructive: I think some of the humor is wonderful, but I'd love it if it was more pushy. It's inorganic at times because it seems to sell the easy joke, but if it was more clever I think that would work wonders. Constructive: With the choices, I wish there was more even-ness within it. Sometimes it feels pretty level whereas I get to make decent amounts of choices within a reasonable time, but there's moments where I feel like I'm going through dialogue a lot. Either way, it's great, but could benefit from some leveling out. Even small choices makes the player feel more... into the game, versus just reading.I suppose that's all of my notes! I loved the game. I can't wait for it to be finished and refined. I love it. And I want to get the previous game made by this company because I just loved this game and want to experience more of this wonderful and story-driven creativity. CANT WAIT TO PLAY MORE (:"
76561198140322250,Recommended,616250,34160268,Posted: 10 August,all,Vectavist223,"This game has good graphics, a good story so far, and the characters are very lively, I would recommend anyone who likes Visual Novels to play this game, because I love it so far! :D"
76561198118597482,Recommended,616250,34142801,Posted: 10 August,all,Victor,"Pretty well made game so far . To be honest i usually dont like this type of stories when i read on novelupdate coz i find them kinda boring but i guess this game has my money since the characters seems to have life in themselves contributed by the facts that the story is very well written , amazing graphic and comedy which made me being easily immersed in the game. With that being said i strongly think that the main selling points of this product are the interactive graphic and the comedy ."
76561198042737552,Recommended,616250,34243187,Posted: 14 August,all,xXRaider,"Great animation and writing, the story so far is paced well and although some of the voice acting could have been better for the minor charactors, it didn't detract from the over all experence.P.S. this IS early access, so you can look for about 4 ish hours of game play in your first siting as only the first 2 chapters are out. If you are not intreasted in following the development then pick it up at a later date."
76561198029100183,Recommended,616250,34553068,Posted: 28 August,all,Candithekiller,This game is very fun but I am not used to waiting for my episodes to come out for a game. This game is very funny when it can be.. But when the next episodes coming out?
76561197991245379,Recommended,616250,33839027,Posted: 27 July,all,Darknight,"So far Crystalline has shown itself to be a unique Visual Novel. From a future idea to add minigames into the story, countless choices that not only affect your relationship with the characters around you but also give you a number of funny results, and a focus on an intimate relationship with one Character instead of the usual multi-route Visual Novel.Now I'm not saying multiple routes is bad. Those are good, more replayability. But having a single route does give the team more ground to work with and focus on while moving the story forward and building up the world around it. You can play the first Episode via the Demo and, if you liked it, you can buy the Early Access version and continue in Episode 2.The Characters within the game also feel alive and you can easily see character building as time goes on throughout the story. Bit by bit as you progress on your Journey with them, you learn more and more about them along with hints into their more private lives.Now it is Early Access and there is bound to be a few bugs and issues, or spelling mistakes, here and there. However given Early Access always means the current product is not the finishd product I can let these go. Honestly the only real mistakes I saw was an extra word or the movements of the Character models feeling a little fast. Of course half the time this was because I tabbed out and tabbed back into the game, so that is my fault.And if you like choices, boy oh boy will this game give you choices. Lots and lots of choices. More choices than you have save files. So it certainly builds up the possibility of multiple playthroughs, as you can change up your choices and see how it affects what the other characters think of you. Want to be Tsundere to a Pango? You can! You can be a nice guy or the guy that really just wants some tail. So to speak.I honestly can't wait to see the future episodes be added to the game over the year and I can't wait to see if the team also adds more to the game besides the episodes and future planned minigames. There IS an example of the minigames within the game right now in Episode 1 where you play a card game of Cheat with the other characters. I haven't tried failing at the game yet, so I am not 100% certain if you can end up not winning in first, but it's still a funny game regardless."
76561198198688573,Recommended,616250,33874192,Posted: 28 July,all,I FUCKING HATE LOLIS,"Nice storyline though leana and the other girl is bugged out completely. No colourations at all, only animated spherical lines are seen where their body is supposed to be. Hope this gets fixed soon o/"
76561198203003720,Recommended,616250,35140862,Posted: 22 September,all,Marcus Skerratt,I love this game. A true master pice.
76561198147211251,Recommended,616250,34909658,Posted: 12 September,all,Mummykillerss,This is the first time i played this type of game and i really enjoyed it i hope the next chapter will be released soon
76561198398337147,Recommended,616250,35192184,Posted: 24 September,all,XxCrimsonphantom,I enjoy story so far
,Recommended,616250,34073642,Posted: 6 August,all,Ryuuzi,Just finished playing the first two chapters and I need more. This game was so good I went ahead and bought the other visual novel they've developed.
,Recommended,616250,34132622,Posted: 9 August,all,TheLukas131,I love the story. Hope chapter 3 comes soon..
76561197990367076,Recommended,616250,35253318,Posted: 27 September,all,PacificCloud,Just the thing to put a smile on yourself.
,Recommended,616250,35385343,Posted: 1 October,all,707,"One of the early choice options killed me: Being able to say that you have a level 110 frost mage. Well, yes, I do actually have a 110 frost mage... and a 110 arcane mage... and a 110 fire mage... Kill me.The humor is great thus far, storytelling is excellent, though of course we'll have to seei f that continues over time I'm expecting great things- Though I'm just a sucker for these types of games too of course."
,Recommended,616250,34000786,Posted: 3 August,all,Tigorahan,Pango best husbando. 10/10 Would pango again
,Recommended,616250,35093407,Posted: 20 September,all,GLA_legit2105,the breaking bad reference wow
76561197978222857,Not Recommended,616250,34587417,Posted: 29 August,all,GronkJuice,"Virtural novels are hard to advise on whether or not someone would enjoy them without giving away too much of the game.  however I do feel like I could at least do that with this one.First off let me tell you that this game is not completed, yet based on the game so far and the information I have aquired I believe I can explain the end state of this game.The best parts are that you have both story and mini games (yet have not played said games yet)  the options do feel like you can change (not by much) the type of reations you get from the characters and every character seems to be well developed and not just some cookie cut trope (tsundere for example)The downside is that the love interest in this game plays too heavy on a traditionalist mindset, she is lovable (to a degree), active, and caring.  Yet the faults with her are also apparent.  She fails at being intelligent as she practically believes everything you say,  takes it too literally, and fails to understand many neuances that almost every person in exsistance would get.  this leads me to believe she is just another adolecent dream girl and when she finnally wakes up and experences the world, turn into either a feminist retard, or an old dependent child, incapable to even taking care of her own children.  worst part of the game is the crazy option choices vs the actual diolog you get,  reminds of the lazy way fallout 4 did its diolog options.The support cast is by far exponentially greater.  Kara and Amy are some of the most intreaging females in a virtural novel I have seen, sadly they do tend to be troops as well.  as Kara is the sexy orphen rouge, and Amy is the book-smart people-dumb analyst.  I find myself always enjoying them more then the main heroine.Zack is a stoic man of few words and keeps getting painted as the ideal man of the times.  don't get me wrong I love the guy and his personally, yet love how they hint at something then, poof,  nothing will be mentioned EVER again about it. like how a guard talks about his features and runs away and, thats it, nothing more for the rest of the curent game.love how you can have the MC keep changing how he interacts with people.  like how you could be the sex punning ladies man wantabe, and instantly decide to change to the quite loner at any time.The game would be expoentinally better if they changed a few things in either the relationship side, or the story arcing side.  as if you would get different options for dialog if you kept doing set options prior, or being able to either have options to romance, or be able to pair off differently the two other female members.In the end I would have to say that this game is worth $10 and no more then $15 if the story and gameplay does not change for the rest of it.  worth the get if it goes on sale, yet not reason to buy it full price as of now."
76561198145596216,Not Recommended,616250,33848871,Posted: 27 July,all,amasour,"I'm so tired of the jiggling♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't know what made me think this game would be more interesting. I was excited for an 'intricate romance system' but so far it seems SSDD, right down to all the jello boobs. Bah."
,Recommended,616250,33918898,Posted: 30 July,all,Kronus,"I noticed this game on kickstarter long ago and kept going back and forth hoping for more information. I noticed it got released a couple of days ago and decided to give it a try. As someone that already played their previous game Ace Academy, I was quite impressed with the way they managed to make the characters feel so real. The music is nice, the animation is excellent, the banter between the companions is just as good as well as the choices you get to make during the game.The game also has quite a lot of humorous scenes and amazing artwork. So far I'm pretty impressed with chapter 1-2, hoping 3-5 will be just as good. Would most certainly recommend the game!"
76561198129300139,Recommended,616250,33883875,Posted: 29 July,all,naman.daniel97,"As expected from the creators of Ace Academy, another stellar game. I am quickly becoming a fan and am eager to see more. The characters are memoriable and well rounded. Some quality dialogue throughout, the only feature that I found missing that I personally would like to see again (if possible) from Ace Academy is the feature of scrolling backwards in order to change dialogue options. Because of the excellent dialogue I like to go through all the options, and I feel that it is far easier than constantly quick saving in anticipation of dialogue options. That's honestly my only con (and I honestly won't even mind if you decide to keep it as is). I was originaly sad that there was no Kara route but now I'm a fan of Kara x Zack and would have it no other way. Also...........(Spoiler below)The Breaking Bad cameo was glorious and I thoroughly approve"
76561198271687990,Recommended,616250,33893638,Posted: 29 July,all,MidnightRaider8,I'm going to keep this review short and simple since the game is only in early access state right now. I'm enjoying this game very much and look forward to seing it expand. I have been anxiously waiting for a new PixelFade game since playing Ace Academy and I'm happy to say I am not at all disappointed.
76561198173220734,Recommended,616250,33883121,Posted: 29 July,all,Kazuya,"Positive Points:I love the graphic, the music and the characters. This game is no mere hentai-game with a boring story, it has a great story, funny moments and its realy entertaining.Well, its only early accses jet, so the game is not finished, but until now its just great. I especialy like the possibility to get different Szenes.Negative Points:I´ve hat a weird bug at the end... the Characterdesign just glitched out and all of my companions looked kinda creepy (i made a screenshot).But most importantly: if it´s true that there is no possibility to ""date"" neither Amelia nor Kara it would be a HUGE disappointment."
76561198351422705,Recommended,616250,33942398,Posted: 31 July,all,Silentor,"While this is still in Early Access with only two chapters, I felt I should give a slightly long review on what was given so far for those reading and for the devs to get feedback, to have a fair assessment of the VN so far.Minor SpoilersNo major spoilers here, but anything outside of the general synopsis I put in spoiler tags.- Art Style: Pretty good. The backgrounds in each location are nicely presented, and add to the tone for each part of the story. The character art is phenomenal, not to mention all the characters constantly do something when they're shown, ranging between facial expressions to other characters to simply breathing, which does add a lot to the interactions as the story progresses. The only complaints I would have now is some repeated use of a single background despite the story changing to different rooms, and an example would bethe fight in the Raven Pass at the mayor's mansion, where it still uses the hallway background despite being in another room. Another minor issue is the backgrounds feel too static for the scenes they were trying to portray at some points in the story. The character animations do help though.- Story/World Building: To be honest, it is not an original premise: MC lives in the real world, MC magically gets teleported to another parallel world, MC tries to find his way back using thepower of friendshipthrough magic. Of course, you can always boil down stories to only its major plot points, but so far it isn't as in-depth with its world as I thought it would be. Of course, this is only the second chapter, so we'll see how it goes. Additionally, there are points where there could be more player choice for conversations as the dialogue would just keep rolling, and I wish there could be more side events happening later, like the card game. Yet despite these flaws, it remains interesting: the conflicts so far have been moderately interesting, and moments such astalking with Leanna about Alaina Valewere bits of world building that I enjoyed: they showed this world existed outside just of our little group, and that there is history here. I do hope there are more conflicts coming up in the future, though; again, only the second chapter as of reviewing this so I don't expect all the plotlines to start immediately.- Characters: Probably the highlight of this VN so far. The interactions between all of the major characters feel natural, and quite a few times I was laughing at some of the comments between them, especially some of the conversation choices. They have lives that they wouldn't mention as soon as you meet them. I hope that these characters only get more interesting, and overall I never felt disappointed.- Sound/Voice Acting: Nothing really to say for the voice acting besides great. The voices always seemed to match the scene and what the character felt, and it was believable. Music wise though, it didn't feel bad or phenomenal, but so far nothing memorable.TL;DRDespite only containing two chapters so far as of writing this review and its occasional flaw, this VN has been entertaining and I'm definitely looking forward to the upcoming chapters. For the flaws it does have, this is still in Early Access so I give the developers the benefit of the doubt for now. For those just glancing through the reviews, it is worth keeping an eye on at the least."
,Recommended,616250,33958124,Posted: 1 August,all,Rhinestone,"I'm not a big VN guy but I've played pixelfades previous game: ACE Academy and really enjoyed it. This has the same sort of feeling and humor and with the same western feel to it, although in a fantasy setting rather than a sci-fi.Many VNs and Anime do a really bad job of introducing you to the world and how it works, but Crystalline is really easy to understand and doesn't really try to innovate that much. That might seem bad, but no. It's sometimes better to stick with the old formula 'cause if you try to innnovate too much it will just turn into a hot mess.It's like cooking in that sense, if you add too many ingredients at random it will probably taste like crap, so it might be better to just follow a recipe.Will write full review when game is released. But for now I recommend it too anyone who's still on the fence."
,Recommended,616250,33963016,Posted: 1 August,all,bsteiny16,"I had a blast with this, and it feels like a giant step-up from ACE Academy. Recommended!"
76561198182533341,Recommended,616250,33965021,Posted: 1 August,all,oblivionheartless,This VN is awesome like Ace ACE Acedemy even though it's early released you'll enjoy yourself and love the 2D characters and the voice actors and you'll enjoy yourself if its your first VN.
76561197999183351,Recommended,616250,33973946,Posted: 2 August,all,pk_pulak_kmr,"A very strong start, especially when compared to their previous title ACE Academy. The overall production values and voice acting are considerably improved, though the new Live 2D sprite system does cause some significant slowdowns on my system from time to time, something I don't usually experience with visual novels.Having said that, this only leaves me wanting more. There are a number of scenes, particularly battle scenes or events such as festivals and the like, that do not have unique CGs dedicated to them, and this does take away from the experience a bit. I understand that there are minigames planned to mitigate this somewhat, but even then, immersion is key to realize all the scenes to their full potential. If this aspect of the VN is not adequately improved, Crystalline will remain distinctly inferior to most quality Japanese visual novels out there in the market.Early Access pricing can vary by region, and while I got it at a pretty affordable and reasonable deal, I don't know how it will affect everyone else's financial situation. If you're considering purchasing it, make sure you're completely comfortable with doing so and not feeling strapped for cash. However, setting that aside, I definitely think this VN shows a lot of potential, and I dearly hope the developers can fully realize it."
76561198058632334,Recommended,616250,33979025,Posted: 2 August,all,Angry Panda: Gyaku-Gire,"So Crystalline...Let's split this review up into three parts: Story, Characters and the World (read this in Dio Brandos Voice)Story:Well the story... let's see, how should i say this it is basic. Young Protagonist finds himself in a fantasy world and tries to find a way home while fighting the powers of darkness along the way! So yeah like i said it's basic and does it's job. It gives the characters a goal to work for thus driving the plot forward.So to sum this up quickly the story is no masterpeace but it works. I don't wanna spend much words here so to sum it up,Grade: ECharacters:Our cast of main characters consist of 4 People Leanna, Zack, Amelia and Kara. And sadly and as of this point they are all pretty basic, they are all likable in their own way but none of them stands really out. They are all good characters but it's nothing you haven't seen before in one way or another. They are not copy and paste characters i want to clarify that but i always thought ""hmm somewhere i've seen this before"" as of this moment they don't really set themselves apart from other characters in fictional media ecpecially when it comes to anime. They all lack, how do i put this the right way uniqueness. What they need is to shine to have their moments, they need to set themselves apart from the rest of the world. Again right now they are fine but they need to be more than just another edgy teen, just another mage with awkward behavior, just another sexy thief and just another waifu.Grade: CSo now that thats over i wanna move the subject over to the villains. The villians are, in my opinion the most boring part in this entire story right now. They are just another evil cult tainted by the powers of darkness. Wich again is sad because this entire setting offers much more when it comes to villians that just your evil cult of darkness, or your evil wizard or your evil king. These are all things that work as an antagonistic force because they create a conflict but that conflict sure is boring (again in my opinion). It's a simple black and white conflict they want to rule the world of course thats bad and of course our heros fights against this. But it isn't really an intresting conflict. A good conflict is created by having at least two sides with understandable motives who ""fight"" each other (doesn't has to be a literal fight). Now maybe PixelFade can still pull this off and give their villains a good and maybe even a sympathetic motivation. I sure hope so because as of this point in time: Grade FOh and theres another thing i personally want to point out. It is about certain cameos.Warining Spoiler:So first of all in episode one we're greeted by professor exavier, i found this one pretty funny wasn't too much out of place and it was entertaning enough. However the cringiest moment for me personally was the ""Walter Wight"" cameo. Wanna know why? No? Too bad gonna tell you anyway! So the thing is this: PixelFade team (ihope you read this) if you put a 100% serious character into a comedy what is that? How does it feel? Awkward thats at least how i felt when i read this scene. Having a cameo just for the sake of having a cameo isn't the right way it's forced. Why i'm bragging so much about this? Because we've had a pretty well executed cameo in episode one already mentioned Exavier cameo. Another thing that i thought that just felt weird is the fact that Mr. Wight fled. Please don't tell me he's gonna be recurring villian. That would be even more awkward you know what i mean like these strange fanfic crossovers in wich Erza Scarlet starts to make out with Guts from Berserk it just wouldnd't feel right. Instead focus on original villians, focus on your own characters. Phew well that felt good.The World:Well to be honest there isn't much to say about the world it's a medieval fantasy world wich is powerd by crystals. Again it's the same thing with the characters you've seen this somewhere before even if you can't put your finger on it. However theres an easy way to improve this, the lore. It's as simple as that just exploit the lore a bit more, give us some history about this world. Something that is not absolutely necessary for the plot but something to show how this world works why do people behave this way and not in another way? As of this point: Grade: DAlright so... do i recommend this game? Hell Yes i do! Of course it has it's weaknesses just like any story (just look at a song of ice and fire, the books are in the works for years and even they aren't perfect, though pretty damn colose)Like i said earlier even if the cast isn't as great as it could be in my opinion we're only at episode two so theres a lot place for improvment. This can still be a shinig example of a western visual novel and i hope it does.But even if the story would continue this way and there wouldn't be much improvments this VN still gives you a good time.It has a likeable cast, a lot of funny moments and is overall completly fine.So my total overall verdict for crystalline as of episode two: Grade: C-"
76561198319957049,Recommended,616250,33976785,Posted: 2 August,all,xxdevilzangel,"I would like to first state that I have only just finished the second episode of this Visual Novel and I am already hooked. The entire game is simply engrossing with it's characters, plot, and world building. Everytime I come to a decision in a game I normally think of the most sarcastic and funniest way to handle a situation that I can think of, and when it comes to Crystalline I can fufill that need.However, I will say that the only characters who have full drawings of them are the main group. Character's family, teachers, and other side characters who only appear for a few in-game days are not drawn. Although everyone that appears is fully voice acted, apart from the main character.It's understandable that not everything is fully drawn out, and other backgrounds are reused as the team at PixelFade created this game in a little under a year, which I find impressiveThat may sound like I'm giving them a pass on minor things like the reusing of backgrounds, and the slightly odd voice acting in places. Which I am not.I am simply saying that this games good times massively outweigh it's mediocre timesOverall I would highly reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys Visual Novels and a good time.A great work from the folks over at PixelFade"
,Recommended,616250,33976210,Posted: 2 August,all,jpoy21,"I only get to post this now because of school stuff but when I read my email that Crystalline has been released (albeit in early access), I immediately bought it on its release day. My game time is shorter than most people because I have played the demo before so I was just skipping the first part and jumped to the second chapter. Still, my impression of the game didn't change as it was before. The characters are lovable and it's hard to choose a waifu just like in ACE Academy. I'm really torn between the girls. The story is well written and the mood transitions just fine without feeling awkward. In addition, the background music just complements the mood well. The art is well drawn-- the characters, the background, everything! The pangos are very cute and I would really, really, really love to have one. Voice acting is superb; I can feel that the voice actors are having fun doing their work. Because of that, their characters' conversations sound like how it would sound in real life.I must admit though, I am quite disappointed because I was anticipating the minigames and I was hoping that even just the first fight minigame gets implemented. But don't get me wrong, I am looking forward to more chapters and ultimately the finished version of the game. Good job PixelFade! I really enjoyed the game and it was in early access. I can only imagine myself having much fun when it is finished. I'll support you in this game and in the future ones. Heck, if I could only pay for your ideas, I would have done it already."
,Recommended,616250,34000746,Posted: 3 August,all,Bropower125,"Just playing the first two chapters in early access has me sold on this game. I had got this one after playing Ace Academy which was absolutely awesome and was the first game that actually got me to complete a game that focused on the VN genre rather than gameplay. I'm a little dissapointed that there is only one route because the multiple routes bit really added to the replayability of Ace Academy so I'm hoping the dev team will read this and see that. Replayability is a huge thing and while it isn't commonplace in most VN's because a lot of the time people can't make good characters I found that PixelFade's previous work actually managed a replayability that I almost never see. Normally I never even so much as touch a game once I've beaten it so that should clue you in. I bought this game in early access not only to try out the game but to also support pixelfade in their attempts at making this game, as well as to hopefully spot a few bugs which I did. First off I noticed that if you read too quickly and tend to click enough to go through text the game lags to catch up making me think it doesn't load some text in advance. I noticed this same problem with the last game too, except it was even worse in the last one. Also the stacked tall view at the romance in the game isn't exactly all that in-depth, in-depth is generally both stacked-tall and wide. Also Kara is bae, make her as an option. Same with Amelia.Anyways for now until some fixes are done and what not my rating is going to be a solid 8/10The voice acting is perfect though so that gets a lot of points. I never heard any of the characters sound forced in their dialogue."
76561198014988280,Recommended,616250,34006276,Posted: 3 August,all,Andi Autopsy,"While still in the early access stage and with only two episodes out I must say I'm quite enjoying my time with Crystalline and look forward to the finished product and its various current missing features. Mini games which will be added?Having once played and spent many nights of my youth huddled around a table running a D&D campaign I'm reminded of this while playing Crystalline and some animes like Record of Lodoss War or Slayers or even a few J rpgs.The story is fun, and the culture and characters are interesting and fairly well rounded. The art style is beautiful and the presentation is top notch. This is a visual novel with one romance path at present. The game itself is simple and has very nice english voice acting.The relationships do feel rather organic and seem to flow naturally, I was pleasantly surprised. However, I find the odd ocassion, which also seems to be the case with other games, even Mass Effect, Dragon Age, and Deus Ex to some degree,where the choices you make do not always come across as you are expecting them to. To some extent this can be frustrating as there's very little explaination as to how your character might respond, and I admit sometimes I felt some of the choices I could make came right out of left field. For example, you might be presented with three dialogue choices to choose from, and the description of what your character might do or how they might respond can be quite silly or out right vague in one or two cases. However, in most cases it gives you a pretty good idea,but not always.The game has a very enjoyable atmosphere  and I have thankfully not encountered any technical issues.The animations have had no slow down and I've yet to encounter any bugs.I would highly recommend this game to anyone who's wanting a well presented, intereresting, and rather light hearted comedic take on the fantasy rpg visual novel. It has wonderful presentation values, an interesting cast of characters, and an enjoyable story. It's a fun game you can pick up for a few hours and come back to. I'm looking forward to the full release.Pros:Great art style and presentation, and animations that bring the characters to lifeNice musicDecent voice oversUnique and interesting setting with characters that will grow on youStable, no technical issuesCons:The mini games aren't currently working in the version I triedNot every character you meet has a representation or a visual one, which I feel is a lost opporunity to illustrate or immerse a player into the wonderful world of CrystallineMore romance options or character paths open to you would be nice to explore with other charactersSome dialogue choices are vague."
76561198116662659,Recommended,616250,34160833,Posted: 10 August,all,JJYD01,"Crystalline is not even finished but does an amazing job at making the player feel like they are in a brand new world. With an amazing story line that changes based on the way you play, Crystalline is sure to give the player hours of entertainment. As a nice change for visual novels, I am extremely exited for the upcoming mini games. Keep the fun comming and I'll keep playing."
76561198091869894,Recommended,616250,34179228,Posted: 11 August,all,oneshotvish,"This game is really fun to play and this would be my first visual novel game , once you play this game you get hooked . as the graphics its really good , for settings there are only few options . window version of this game tends to run into less errors while mac version has isuues which i can conform."
76561198231123660,Recommended,616250,34242814,Posted: 14 August,all,subwoofer.84,"It's the third visual novel i'm playing at, i'm really impressed by the life2D technology & the complete voiced characters, can't wait for minigames & next chapters to come !For the Crystalline future i'd recommend to add more backgrounds as i already feel it necessary after 2 chapters (like differents inns, forests and open roads) and to have designed characters of second level (Mage academy professors, Amy's father & mother, merchants, bad guys,...)This would help players to feel immerged into the story and raise this VN over the top !"
76561198053610647,Recommended,616250,34374051,Posted: 20 August,all,Chevivre,This game's humor is exellent with a well written story. Exited to see what the team comes up with by release.
,Recommended,616250,34441884,Posted: 23 August,all,Qrow,"A great game! The story is quite interesting, and as a person who loves the theory of the multiverse, I was very excited to learn that it's in this game! There are some problems with characters being visible though. At first it was Leanna, but that was fixed. Now it's Amelia. I haven't finished the game so I don't know if other character models are messed up for mac users, but hopefully it gets fixed soon!"
,Recommended,616250,33853468,Posted: 28 July,all,Ridder,"Really high production value, very good dialogue and choices system. I am interested to see where the story goes. Best girl Zack doesn't have a route though :("
,Recommended,616250,34227974,Posted: 13 August,all,polarbear4321,"Love the story so far and can't wait for chapter three! Bought this game with no hesitation after finishing ACE Academy (PixelFade's other VN) and am very glad I did.Pros:Much improved voice acting. OIne of my only complaints about ACE academy is that it felt like some of the characters were talking to a microphone instead of having a conversation. Crystaline has had much better VA direction and is much better. (Amilia's mother sounds too young, however)Choices. Could be a con for some people, but there are so many dialogue choices that it's easy to get lost in the story yourself. There is a problem with this however that I will adress below.Characters. Each character has a diverse personaluty that makes them feel... real. Zack, for example first came off as a typical Broody McEdgelord, but develops a much more interesting personality as more charaters are introduced for him to interact with.Story. You are a normal college kid magically transported to a different world and you have to get back home. So the synapse sounds like some cheesy self-insert fanfiction, but is played out very well by the fact that theres a bunvh of other ""side quests"" along the way.Dishu. Dishu is the Director for this game and very active in the community. Also Dishu is best girlNeutral:Real 2D. An intersting choice. Since it's a VN, most of the tie my eyes were at the bottom of the screen reading the text. This meant that I was not getting the full affect of the character models and their subtle movements. perhaps the full version will have a gallery to play around with the models in, but I doubt it. Just seems like an expensive choice for the studio with not a lot of payoff.Cons:Incomplete. Yes this is an early acess VN, so the full story isn't out yet. I'm not even sure if its been fully written yet. I have full faith in PixelFade however and will love to delete this con in the future.Controls/Interface. What could possibly be wrong with the controls for a visual novel? Not much actually, just the fact that it wa changed from ACE Academy. Crystaline  just feels a lot clunkier and I can't put my finger on why.Overall 9/10 so far throw your money at them here and on Patreon so I can spend more time with Leanna."
76561198063047465,Recommended,616250,34204128,Posted: 12 August,all,msakr3,Poipoi!
,Recommended,616250,34704394,Posted: 3 September,all,Meradrin,"Well what can I say ? Seems I like Pixel Fade's works after all.Setting is a relatively classic fantasy one, and choices are numerous, though their respective impact is a bit on the lower side. The various references are on point, which definitely helps with the enjoyment.It's a character-driven story, plot isn't that impressive but it checks out, and the pace is just right to develop characters without becoming boring. Main character is similar to ACE Academy's, but he's less a superhuman and more a generic, average one.Overall, I'd recommend you check it out if you're looking to invest time in a silly story that's probably to get bigger over every chapter."
76561198201403665,Recommended,616250,34853265,Posted: 9 September,all,Sir T of Baggins,I like the character devolpment and animation against the 2-D backdrop is styled. The story so far is really good and in depth if a bit obvious at times. I like how it's paced out so far and really look forward to the mini-games sequencing and impact on the games story. I think I have a theory about where the story is going and I like it if I'm right looking forward to the rest. Great game so far compared to other VN I've played it's an amazing experience to the concept.
76561198126249916,Recommended,616250,34941952,Posted: 13 September,all,Sylarclone,"If you are looking for a feel good, adventure story, this is the visual novel for you. Yes, the game currently is incomplete but it is still a ton of fun. The story seems simple at first but gets more complex as time goes on. I do not want to say too much about the story in fear of spoiling it but it has kept me wondering what is really going on in Terra and what will happen next.In terms of romancing I was quite surprised that there was only one option. After having played their previous VN, Ace Academy, I was expecting multiple romance options but am not disappointed by their choice to have only one. To me, it ties in very well with the story and does not feel forced but rather a casual nudge in her direction as time goes on. Having taken such a liking to her right from the start made me really consider my actions and words when interacting with her, really emphasizing on the ""choices matter"" aspect.While it is set in a fantasy world there are many parallels to the real world it drew me into the story even further. At times I felt fully submersed in the story as if I truly was the main character; so much as to even say or think exactly what he did next. There is humor mixed in throughout and it is perfectly timed. I recall several times where the comedic timing had me laughing, very loudly, out-loud.At the end of the day I would certainly recommend giving this VN a try whether you are new to the genre or experienced. It is extremely fun and enjoyable with characters who seem simple on the outside but deep down are very complex. I can't wait to play through the next chapters to see what happens next!"
,Recommended,616250,35213927,Posted: 25 September,all,Robert2424,"Being there new game after Ace Acadamy, I hade high hopes for this game. And it delivers. 2 episodes in and Im already egerlly waiting for the 3rd episode. This game may not be ""Complete"". Features are still to come, but when they do, I'm sure to love them. The battle system hasn't been implamented yet, but its still techiclly a Beta. I wonder how this story they've started is going to end, but it has plenty of potentail to be a long story, and the content so far for a beta, dosn't even feel like a beta. It tooks hours to go through with charicters I generally care about. Heres hoping they get those updates to us soon. Would Reccoemmend even in this beta state."
,Recommended,616250,35348259,Posted: 30 September,all,Owlyy,"The story is pretty good so far. There was a section I didnt really care for, but other than that, I have nothing bad to say! The animation is very well done and I love it. Glad to see devolpers are trying to make animated virtual novels like Nekopara. Cant wait for the rest of the story to come out.Also very impressed that a western virtual novel has me this interested."
,Recommended,616250,35375727,Posted: 1 October,all,TheLazyLeo,"Considering how much of a let down, In my opinon, the ending and overall story of ACE I was slight hesitent when it came to this game. OH MY GOD. Two chapters in and I find myself with a smile on my face and highly inversed into the story. The Charcaters, The Choices Hell even The Side Characters are so damn good. I have only finished one playthrough and I intened going through again and again. I want to see every possibillity and every possible angle AND IT'S STILL IN BETA. The only problems i have with this game is the fact that it's an ""Unsuspecting human pulled into a diffrent world"" secnerio. I honestly think that this game could be better if the main character was born into the world this game explores. However I still love this game as a whole.TL;DR - AWESOME. Would Play Again and Again. 8/10"
