user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198052357959,Recommended,617480,33527201,Posted: 13 July,all,Cpt.Jak,"I have only been inside the Tower for just over 3 hours. What I can tell you is this game follows a fairly typical party RPG formula. Top-down-decision making-story driven game. BUT: Be ready for the beautiful crafting of levels and graphical fidelity for a game like this. I have played many and this one has had some real love. Just out in early access, but I am looking forward to the new developments to come.The combat is interesting and different from the typical ARPG or turn based combat system of similar RPG's. It will take some getting used to but I remain open minded.Almost immediately I was immersed in the story with it's dark and almost apocalyptic tones. You can tell that the story (so far) reflects the writer's sense of purpose and exploration of deeper questions. (If that isn't the case and it's pure BS then so be it.) I am enjoying what I am seeing so far and it is worth the modest albeit appropriate price point.What I would like to see is a little work for camera rotation and zoom..sometimes I really wanted to take in the visual surroundings and felt I was quite limited there. Plus I hope to see a little more intricacy in the environment interaction. (breakables, hidden switches, secret doors, loot etc-if it is further in the game then forgive me and I need to go deeper!)Yes, go ahead and support this game and it's dev team. Good job team, don't compromise on quality!"
76561198069771409,Recommended,617480,34106163,Posted: 8 August,all,Mark Latham's Outsiders,I don't like turn based RPGs anymore. I used to like them about 22-25 years ago. Also I am sick of Diablo spamfests.So it is with joy that this game freshens the rpg genre. I love the combat. Also the way the story unfolds is cool. Highly recommended. Well done Dev.
76561198022225696,Recommended,617480,33560893,Posted: 15 July,all,Grimscyth,"Tower of Time is one these rare indie games that has amazing graphics, music and story that I feel is on par with some of the larger companies. Each floor of the tower has a theme to it, and that, mixed with the music makes the game feel very atmospheric. The story is one of the strongest aspects of this game and you will get most of it through the main play but will find little extra tidbits of story hidden throughout each floor of the tower. There are more than just story hidden around the tower though, there are also hidden treasure stashes and some secrets to uncover.Combat in this game is much more than just using the best spells and blowing your oppenents away. There are tactics that should be considered on each group of enemies and different enemies have different weaknesses. It will take more than just the best gear to overcome each encounter. You have to plan out how to get the most out of each spell/skill you have at your disposal. I feel this kind of combat is rare in most RPGs and I like how challenging some of the fights can be. But even if you fail the game lets you restart that fight again without having to go back to the last time you saved.There is also a crafting system in the game that is simple but effective for gearing out your champions. You will get gear drops from treasure chests and encounters. You will also get crafting crystals which can be used to craft more gear. Old gear you no longer want can be disassebled to gain more crafting crystals to make more gear.Overall this game is really good and I am looking forward to seeing it through to completion.If you would like to see gameplay of this game I have a full playthrough playlist on YouTube that you can check out herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEBxDBAj5nU&list=PLS31VRbZGLdbjmpuUL8Ff-fsEVXnWoKdV"
76561197979166622,Recommended,617480,34137444,Posted: 9 August,all,Naidfetg,"Tower of Time is a beautiful, story-driven fantasy RPG.  I highly recommend this game.The most compelling aspect of the game for me is the cutscene artwork.  The still images are breathtaking.  They somehow manage to simultaneously show you how beautiful and developed Altara once was and the dire situation of the world today. The images manage to evoke strong emotions – a feat that few games have accomplished.Each level is beautifully designed.  Heavy particle areas, such as waterfalls or long-distance renders, will tax your GPU.  It is easy to be immersed in each level and forget that everything you see is within a magic tower.The story line is top notch and genuinely creative.  You, of course, are the main character, however, as the main character, you sit on your throne and do nothing.  Everything is accomplished by your heroes.  I won’t spoil the novelty of how this is done (from the context of the story).  The story quickly brings together the five races (humans, dwarves, elves, ice giants, and shadows) to give you plenty of options for creating your ideal party.Each hero has a unique set of skills to give you an edge in combat.  You can easily customize the skills before each battle for a nominal fee.The approach to combat is certainly unique.  The ""slow time"" gives you minute control over every detail.  In the early stages, I found this wasn't needed.  As the enemies became stronger with more abilities and combat lasted longer, events happen so quickly that my heroes would die before I realized what was happening.  Trying to micro-manage each hero without the slow-time would be near impossible due to the fast-paced nature of combat.I would argue that gold is the most precious resource as it is the only resource that cannot be farmed.  You have the option of working through the main story or completing challenges.  Each challenge can be repeated, but you only get the gold and crystal reward once.  The item, however, can be farmed and deconstructed for crystals.  Need to make some new rare armor, but short on crystals?  No problem.  Do a couple challenges and you’re set.  The economy in general will need improvement.Being an early access game, it has its own set of growing pains.  Improvements that are surely on the developer’s to-do list: no mini-map, can’t remap key assignments, moving around the city can be a little awkward, can’t make notes on the main map (can’t make notes of any kind, for that matter…not that the game is complex enough to require notes, but would be nice to know where certain things are that you think might be important), and can’t adjust the camera – to name a few.Even with the growing pains, I’m truly excited for the release of the full game and see the storyline thru to its end.  If you are looking for a story to lose yourself in, this is a game you don’t want to miss!"
76561197969803155,Recommended,617480,33552044,Posted: 14 July,all,LS,"Remarkable RPG !Tower of Time is an outstanding RPG Adventure !Classic Roleplaying-Game with clever integrated innovations and a fantastic Combat System.After 6 Hours, My impression is......1- Story is an traditional Fantasy Plot with many background information. Entertaining and never trivial.2- Exploration makes fun, because you need better equipment and instructions (Great Treasures!)You will not become a scrapper by  Thousands of senseless Items.3- Partydevelopment and exploration are smart connected, because you have to find ancient knowledge and better Equipment.4- No Level or Item Scaling, Be careful in this game you can lose fights ;-)Big THX to the Devs, Who are very active in the forum and answer every question.BESTLS"
76561198011891156,Recommended,617480,33754662,Posted: 23 July,all,Jargonaut,"Tower of Time is an exquisitely beautiful RPG with an intriguing storyline.The game world is individually crafted, down to the smallest detail.  Many of the puzzles in the game involved noticing tiny details and clicking on them. For example there is a statue hidden in vines that I did not see even when I walk past that location 5 or 6 times. There are also hidden rooms that are behind thick vegetations and journal updates that are hidden in libraries.  The landscapes are also very beautiful, including ice-covered caves, mechanical gadgets and a mix of technology and magic.The game mechanics might be a bit difficult for those people that are used to turn-based RPG games. In fact, the games happen in real time, but you are given the opportunity to slow down time. However, even so, the fighting will keep you busy and you need to micro-manage them if you are playing on hard or epic levels. There is also the option of playing the game in easy or ""story"" levels as well. The player is given the choice of playing the game at any levels that he is most comfortable with.The game world is extremely huge and consists of dungeons of many levels. Each level is made up of multiple sectors and the map is interspersed with teleportals to enable easy travel. Currently the game is in Early Access and more than half the contents are still under development. However, the contents that are currently release has given me many days of pleasure and enjoyment.This game is like an exquisite gem and I would highly recommend it."
76561198141516986,Recommended,617480,33974929,Posted: 2 August,all,Carda [NL],"So much good to tell about this game. The story is to my opinion as good as any Obsidian game. The game looks graphically very good, we are getting regular updates, the music is so good and the battlesystem is well thought out.The price of this game is so cheap compared to other games (Tyranny).Try it, if you enjoy Pillars of Eternity I'm almost sure you gonna enjoy the setting of this game too. Thumbs up for Event Horizon."
,Recommended,617480,34207915,Posted: 13 August,all,OniKai,"Sublime experience so far, great polish to it,  for an early access game, hell even a complete game. I used to feel like the world was so cluttered with things to find in Baldurs gate, and that it was filled with NPC's and items that had no significance, but this game feels like it's cut all that crap out, though it's more focussed on a dungeon of sorts, you're not really walking aroun NPC infested areas, full of items to click endlessly, everything you click is story related or important information.Pros.-Combat, combat takes place as encounters, and you're face with the waves of enemies listed at the start of the encounter, you have a choice to fight or withdraw.. well unless you're ambushed. feels fun and polished, each character contributes in their own way, how it should be.-Level design, the lighting and atmosphere are great, everything seems so pretty and immersive.-Excellent auto-save, been acouple of times I've ♥♥♥♥ed it and I've been like god no! where's my last save only to find it auto-saved seconds in advance as if it's knew every point I'd need it.-Character progression is based on gold and training, so you can't level up through combat, you have to spend and pick wiseley, and keep an eye out for blueprints to upgrade said buildings.-Story, the story is engaging and keeps you interested in the mystery of the Magus tower, keeps you wanting to progress for that next scrap of evidence of what has taken place.-Challenge mode, little challenge fights you can do to make an extra buck.Cons.-Personal gripe, no character creation, lacks any personalization, though that's not important, more of a knit pick, I like to make my own characters in such games, but the characters of course are more engaging all being pre-mades, so this isn't really much of a con.-Random chance items and events, well, you can find scrolls and the effects are random, I despise this kind of random effect as I find myself doing it over and over to find my desired outcome, so I'd rather that aspect of the game be removed, because everyone will do the same, it's pointless and not very fun.-... can't really think of a single thing more I disslike so far...Oh one more thing that deserves a mention.. the price! the price is acceptable for once, these guys ain't greedy at all, this seems like a dev people can get behind, if they make an expansion later down the line after they've completed this, I'll be more than happy to give em another £10.99 it's like we've gone back a few years where decent PC games didn't cost the same as console prices."
76561198050953179,Recommended,617480,33539001,Posted: 14 July,all,kkrzychu,"I managed to play only small part of content, but game is really engaging. Story begins great, battles are even more fun. They require thoughtful tactics and smart use of skills. From what I see, good use of items is also important. I will play definitely more and I'm really pleased I bought this game. It seems really polished, not so common for other games in early access. Good job, dev team!Pros:+ interesting story+ good looking levels+ tactical battles (slow mode!)"
,Recommended,617480,33538375,Posted: 14 July,all,Razzy,"Well, I must admit I'm not a good strategic thinker and I had my doubts about this tactic combat system, but I am a big lore junkie, I play many games not for gameplay, but for story. So far, Tower of Time is very much lore heavy and looks very intriguing and even my total lack of battle thinking wasn't a big problem, thanks to ""story"" difficulty.There are certainly areas which need more polishing, but overall even now this visually- and story-wise pleasing game is in very good position to be quite successful game. I just can't wait to know all there is to know about Artara and it's story."
76561198056547602,Recommended,617480,33594236,Posted: 16 July,all,13alint,"Are you searching a good RPG for budget? STOP searching! This game is AWESOME! I played with a lot of game in the last years, and this is one of the best even it is in alfa.PRO:* Refreshing combat style* Beautiful maps and areas to explore* good quests* interesting stories* every level is a new surprise* much more polished, than avarage alfa stated games* Quite long even if it has low price.* music is good as wellCON:* I met with some errors on level 3 (which is a huge map), but hey this game is still in alfa! (game restart helps with the memory leak)* Items are hard to compare. Rarity is just shown by colors, and for a colorblind guy like me its a nightmare. Rare or epic? BAH(11-1)/10 Best buy. (Sorry for my english, i am just an orc RAWR)"
76561198004482940,Recommended,617480,33637850,Posted: 18 July,all,greenbrog,"Very solid game. As the developer said its about 10-13 hours for a more difficult play through, with what seems like about 33% of the game here. Support the devs, game is already worth it. It's fresh enough to be its own thing and similar enough to feel comfortable.Pros-Simple though not too simple mechanics which are mostly intuitive.Dynamic real time tactical combat, that feels a lot like a mix of tower defense and more traditional turn-based tactics.A unique(ish) plot and storyline, with a lot to stay interesting, but not so much to bog you down..Good to excellent graphics (shows up in cons too).For being so close to EA release it has few bugs, which are responded  to very quickly with 2 major patches already released.Extremely responsive developers, already very active on forums.NPC's seem rather dynamic, hopefully this continues and your ""choices"" have lasting significant impact of party members attitude/composition/build/stats.It's obvious the devs care.Cons-Way too colorful, maybe this is a style preference but it's generally much brighter and colorful than even a game like WoW; don't get me wrong it looks great, but it's a bit too vibrant especially on high resolution setting on a nice monitor.With only so much game the story is a bit muddled, I imagine this will get better though.Will update this review with the games developement."
,Recommended,617480,34056413,Posted: 6 August,all,fiendling,"I am enjoying myself immensely, the combat especially shines.Event Horizon should really be commended for their brilliant tactical real-time combat implementation. You can only slow down time, not pause, which lends a greater urgency to the combat and makes it immensely more fun and challenging.This is a good game at an absolute steal of a price.Get it now!"
,Not Recommended,617480,34677559,Posted: 1 September,all,Demon,"There are a few positive reviews that sound almost like negative reviews. So I thought perhaps there should be a negative review that almost sounds like a positive review.I see a lot of promise in this game.  And after my first negative review I spoke directly with the developer so they could further understand my issues.  The one huge problem I have with it so far is that your people do not take up physical space on the battle field, allowing enemies to run right through your people.  They give you interesting battle fields to fight on but then when you close in on a choke point the baddies just waltz through to your people in the back.  Taunt lets you grab their aggro for a minute but what’s the point of maps ""tactical"" positioning possible if you’re just going to have to use an ability to do the same thing anyway.  This is something I've been told they want to change but there are currently technical hurdles.  I understand this and hope they are able to overcome them but the not taking up space on the battlefield might be a deal breaker for me if it never makes it in.Some of the 2d art is really great, but some of them are not to the same standard it seems. so I give that a mix bag. The 3d art is not going to win an award but it is 100% good enough to portray and interesting and nice looking world.The story is interesting but pretty linear early on, and overall there are not going to be many options but what few choices you do have with the story is aimed at having larger more meaningful choices which I think is a good thing so I hope to see the story develop too.With what problems there are here, and the price tag it's hard not to recommend this game but at it's current build I'd say wait.  However all that being said, I'm not going to return it even though it's elibible because I wanna see if it will get better, and if you're the kind of person that is interested in the development process of a game and supporting the game makers then this really might be the gem for you."
76561198004254344,Recommended,617480,33655920,Posted: 19 July,all,༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,"Hi boi. This game has soo many pros (and some minors cons). Let's talk about some of them:Combat. Seemed a little complicated at first, but after 2h i got used to it. As it is for now it feel very satisfying to play.I'm very glad that positioning your heros has huge impact in combat. It really feels like your decisions matters at every moment.What's more music is just great, super climatic, even gave me goosebumps couple of times.On the other hand graphics are a little poor in here and there, but cmone, it's early access.Longs story short I higly recommend Tower of Time for every RPG fan out there. This is the game you were searching for last hour on shop ^^"
,Recommended,617480,33616207,Posted: 17 July,all,Bano360,"Fantastic game so far. Even though it's early access, there's still plenty to do and there will be more story added. The combat was a little difficult at first, but after a while I needed to raise the difficulty. Combat is a separate entity to exploration, you know when you're getting into a battle The skill system has a Dragon Age style of levelling up, an ability then a choice of A or B to add to that ability. The devs also answer questions on the forum section of Steam, which is nice to see. I even saw them offering to edit someone's save if they encountered an unsurpassable bug.Pros:-Loot based system has that familiar rpg feel to it.-Teleporting is instant.-Enemy analysis before battle, shows resistances/weaknesses.-Beastiary shows every enemy you've faced, so you can learn how to take them down for next time.-If you fail a battle, you can retry or load last save.-Crafting system is simple and effortless.-Soundtrack is enjoyable.Cons:-No controls option. Although they are simple, but it would be nice to have an option to check them.-Low amount of save slots - 5 and an autosave (I prefer to have as many as I require but not a dealbreaker).-Sometimes you may need to click more than once for an ability to activate, minor bug but it will be fixed.Do I recommend this game? Absolutely, and it's only going to be improved upon. If you like Dragon Age style rpgs without as much dialogue, this is a game for you."
76561198072648465,Recommended,617480,33683584,Posted: 20 July,all,Cody,"although i havent spent much time in game yet, what i have played is really good!, the music and the narration of the story at the start is amazing, the combat in a unique twist of RTS and RPG elemnts, as well as the world, art, and tone is quite good! i recommend this game if u like dungeon crawlers, dragon agey type combat, and a good story with narrative text"
,Recommended,617480,33542699,Posted: 14 July,all,KaiusIII,"Hey been playing for 4 hours or so today and I have to say I am in love. This has been everything I have been looking for in an rpg. the combat is fluid, and easy to understand. The storytelling so far has been quite good.  As for the audio  from the music to the voice acting it is 100% spot on. I am excited to see what else comes as i delve into it further"
,Recommended,617480,34064988,Posted: 6 August,all,axfelix,"Thanks to RPS for recommending this one, I'd never have seen it otherwise!I'm really happy to support this game in Early Access as I think the core combat is very good and interesting and the price they're asking is very fair, though there are a few respects in which I really hope it improves:- The story and dialog are a bit generic at this point, I think I have higher expectations of Polish fantasy after the Witcher. The setting is good enough but I hope later parts of the game are a little stranger. The music is quite good, however!- Hard mode is a little *too* hard right now -- I generally play games on one setting higher than normal, but I got wiped in the tutorial on my first try, and it's not a very interesting battle to repeat.- The UI needs work in several places (but that isn't surprising for early access). Most of the fonts are too small below 1080p so playing the game in a window is inconvenient, it badly needs a quicksave feature, and a lot of the menus feel a little boring.Very enthusiastic to see this game completed."
76561198018445518,Recommended,617480,33596695,Posted: 16 July,all,Magic bullet,"This is definitely a Gem ! it has the potential to be one of the best RPG with fresh mechanics that we've seen in a while. The ambiance is nice, the storytelling is also surprisingly good. The gameplay is something really refreshing, a good mix of rpg tactical elements and towerdefence-like mechanics. I'm glad i stumble on this game and gave it a try, really looking forward to see what improvement it's gonna get along the early access."
76561198000636934,Recommended,617480,33587959,Posted: 16 July,all,Sedave,"I spend only 3 hours playing it but I can honesty say that Tower of Time is a very nice adventure RPG. It has a beautiful graphic, very good music and engaiging story. Battles require tactics, knowing enemies and your characters if you want use their full potential. I like character progress, you need to find tome of knowledge and upgrade the building which is connected to the party member. There are atributes that determinate other statistics like in old good RPG games. Crafting and enchanting is simple and very pleasant. Overall it's a very good game and it's worth 15 euro."
76561198040372865,Recommended,617480,33603176,Posted: 17 July,all,shaft my urethra,"Tower of Time is the first game I've played in a while that's kept me up late saying ""just five more minutes"" to myself.  The game has good graphics for an indie game, and the cut scene artwork is beautiful and vibrant.  You can really feel the love that the devs put into this game.  I would highly recommend it for the price of $15.  Not only is the content already polished, but I sincerely believe the devs will also work towards perfecting their game as well as adding in new content."
76561198020547457,Recommended,617480,33546631,Posted: 14 July,all,Demonk,"This game brings so many new things. Amazing. Story is very nice, not a typical RPG but mysterious and actually quite engaging. Environment - if you look closely you will find a lot of details. Graphics - surprisingly good.But to be honest - I got only to mid 1st level (2h) when I started to play battle challenges - I played on hard difficulty and certain challenges were impossible with 3 champions.Then I readjusted skills, some equipment (considering enemies and their resistances), started to use slow mode more often - and the encounter I struggled with was suddenly was doable. Very satysfying and truly tactical combat.It is hard to believe this is Early Access. The game is very polished and well-thought through. Champions are really different and their skills - depending on the upgrade - change the combat profoundly.All in all- this game has a tremendous co-op and pvp potential. Big thumbs up to the developers for not being afraid to try something complety new. My only comment is that some of the things could be explained better, like how exactly armor works. Also, ability to view details of the enemies to check their stats while in combat - not only before the fight -  would be nice.- addAwesome!!! I just found my first enchant. It makes the combat so different now. I guess I should progress with the story now. But first I will try a new build in challenges :)"
76561198008423537,Recommended,617480,33558334,Posted: 15 July,all,dugalm,"Wow, quite nide! Different approach to an action rpg but I really like it. I'm on the first level and finally we have a level that is fun to explore, and so beautiful! It's not just plain corridors and rooms that looks all alike. Everything is designed for the intrigue! Secret doors, treasures, etc... If the rest of the game is like this, this has to be one great game! I can think of only another game that had more to explore and that would be Divinity Original Sin 1 and 2. So this is quite an homage to the developers of this game!"
,Recommended,617480,33568051,Posted: 15 July,all,Hasae,"Have been playing for a couple of hours now, as for an early access game im really impressed.The game looks amazing, the story is verry interesting and engaging, the battle system feels smooth and well polished.I really like the chalange system where you can fight eaven stronger monsters and really test your skills.Overall this is a really great game with some cool battle mechanics and an amazing story."
76561197997753397,Recommended,617480,34089641,Posted: 7 August,all,worlok777,"A hidden gem of a game, saw the review on rock, paper, shotgun and thought I would give it a try, glad I did,  have been really enjoying the game so far, very nice graphics, on par with latest RPG's, different combat system from most of the RPG's out there, easy to get into, nice UI, and one of those games that makes me go, ok I just want to explore this next bit, and the next bit after it, and before you know it several hours have gone by, for me well worth the money."
76561198040491007,Recommended,617480,34764077,Posted: 5 September,all,Trinx,"Game in the current state (version 0.4.2.xxxx) looks bugs free. It looks like devs are really trying hard to fix everything what players report and also theirs response time to bug reports or questions is pretty fast. So if every early access game would be like that, the world would be much more nicer place. :-)What I really like:- graphics, videos, etc. looks really awesome- time slowing in the battles (to me it feels more engaging than classic pause system)Neutral feelings:- At the beginning I was really excited how the battles looks like (you have battleground and you have to killing enemies whose are comming from multiple doors and wanna kill you), however after some time (I'm in half of second level) I feel like it's so repetitive and I would really like to see more battle modes as well (I know there are boss fights, but I mean something really different)- I would prefer wider choice of skills (every level a new skill is opened and then you can choice one from two specializations for that skill).. so at least two skills per level would be nice, to let player select in which way should character goes- Difficulity definitely needs little more balancing .. I've started on Hard, only the first fight was hard, then I went to the city, upgraded my characters and never had problem again .. In the second level I've changed difficulity on Epic and again, only the first fight was hard and since then only the boss fights are hard.To be honest this early access is so good that I don't see any major issue there, so I cannot write down anything what I really don't like. So if you think you could like this game, don't be afraid of early access and definitely buy it, because for 15e it defintielly worth it."
,Recommended,617480,34724592,Posted: 3 September,all,Jonas™,"Great old-school style RPG.  I'm really enjoying it, certainly more than Torment 2, even more than  Pillars of Eternity actually.  Come to think of it, I don't believe I have had this much fun playing an isometric RPG since the original Neverwinter Nights and that is high praise coming from me.The combat system is fun, similar to RTwP you see in Pillars of Eternity, but instead of pausing the action completely, it slows down to a crawl when you activate the tactics mode.  I'd say the combat requires good tactics and reactions even on normal difficulty.  I've wiped a couple times on bosses, but  overall I'd say Normal is challenging, but not too difficult. There is a good variety of enemy types with varied abilities and your party members each have multiple skills that they can modify with different properties.   So far (about 1/2 through the first act) I found the story engaging and interesting, and I'm enjoying it more than PoE.  The story is mainly told through conversations between your party members and various books and notes scatered around the levels, but there are occasional cut-scenes during important moments.  As for the visuals, the level design is really great for an Infinity engine game IMO, vibrants colors, water effects, lighting effects and overall good variety in tilesets.  The characters models leave a bit to be desired though, they are somewhat blocky and have no visual customization besides weapons (update: while individual pieces of armor do not show, there will be 5 skins per character based on the quality/tier of armor they are wearing).I would highly recommend this game if you are into old-school RPGs like Baldur's Gate, IWD, Arcanum and Neverwinter Nights.  I am certainly enjoying it far more than other recent efforts to bring this genre back such as PoE, Torment 2, and Divinity:OS.  It is still in Early Access, but the level of polish even now is pretty good, I've found a couple minor bugs, but they are getting squashed quickly with frequent updates.  Presently, only the first act is available (~25 hours), with 3 acts planned, the devs indicate that the final length will be around 50 hours, which at the current price is a steal for a game of this quality."
,Recommended,617480,34745437,Posted: 4 September,all,Lead Farmer,Such a polished and inviting take on the RPG/RTS genres. Has the richness of old RPGs back when BioWare was the thing along with the inventiveness and rewarding charm if Dragon Age Origins was made as a top view RPG. Can not wait for the full release to come! :-D
76561197991325897,Recommended,617480,34179882,Posted: 11 August,all,mage_artist,"Does the game respect my time?  Something RPGs must increasingly do the older I've gotten.  Does it want me to fight pointless battles, quests and grinding, earn a degree in loot charts and inventory management or does it give me it's best material and skip the rest?Tower of Time is somewhere in-between.Looting is simple (to loot something how many clicks does it take and do I have to make difficult decisions each time)?  I find in most RPGs you can spend a lot of time and energy looting hundreds of pieces of gear and you'll still end up about being at the average of where the game wants you to be, so why waste the time?  Why not just give the player 1 outfit and quit the pretense of loot?  That may be unpopular, but I want best from the developers, not an excel spreadsheet of stats that I must comb through every 20 minutes, because then it feels like work.Battles: Do I look forward to them or dread them?The unique-looking combat system is what interested me about this game.  I'm not involved in the secret war going on since the dawn of time between turn-based/rt with pause, a combat system should be what fits the game.  I find that the higher difficulties have been difficult (because I don't care to deal with the stats of armor-choosing often) and the easy settings seem a bit bland.  I haven't found the strategy beyond managing the basics of mana and cooldowns and moving units around to spread the damage out.  Perhaps it takes longer to find the strategy.  I would say thus far it's not that exciting as a Starcraft or not as fun or tactical as Grandia II, but there seems to be potential here.The environment is nice.  The graphics are sufficient, but it's the music and polish that really set the tone.I don't care to read all the text boxes or lore throughout it, the game must convince me the game is amazing before I'm ready to dedicate my time and energy to caring about those things.The point-and-click adventure style seems to work well, because it's not labor-intensive or annoying.Overall I don't hate the game, and that's enough to get a positive mark for now.  Clearly a lot of work put into it, I wonder if they plan on adding voice acting to supplement the text if it does well?"
,Recommended,617480,34244687,Posted: 14 August,all,muttsnutts,"This game is one of many why I hate the dumbed-down Steam scoring system.  Its not a bad game but its not a great game either.  Its the type of game I'll play for a while and then wonder why.  Its a bit bland.In fact, if I was to sum up the game; its Mr Bland walking in a winter blandness in Los Bland, United States of Blandness, Planet Bland... ok stop the s**t jokes... some pros and cons:@Pros:Reasonable enough graphicsReasonable combat engineStory is OK so far, though I find it a bit 'wooden' and contrivedSkill tree is varied and interestingThere is the roots of a crafting featureCons:Enemies are predictableCombat becomes so boring after a while - the lanscapes don't really provide much tactical  advantages; there's so manipulation of the environment that I have found.Pre-defined characters.  I prefer to roll my own; and these ones don't have the personality of say a DA:O to make you care about them much (so far anyway).The loot is boring - you always seem to get 2 items; one random item and a gem.  On hard battles you might get 3. Repeat. Forever.Its early access so there is still some time to go.Is it worth the money?  Probably not, but it just about gets my nod for potenital.  If you like real time RPG combat and you have the cash' it would be good to back this game.... hopefully it will improve off the back of your cash injection :)"
,Recommended,617480,34698064,Posted: 2 September,all,shackleford,"I managed to sink 20 hours into this game in 2 days without even realizing it. It's good, you could have told me it was made by a developer like Obsidian and I'd believe you.Developers are responsive on the forums.Game feels very polished for an EA title, I've only encountered one or two bugs so far.Runs great on Linux.Game environment is beautiful, far above what I'd expect from a small company.Music is top-notch.If you're looking for a CRPG just buy it. I'd rank this up there with recent CRPGs like Pillars of Eternity & Divinity: Original Sin.Update:28 hours in and I got to the end of the currently available content. Definitely recommend it. Looking forward to the next content patch."
,Recommended,617480,33529184,Posted: 13 July,all,Iczel,"So far I'm enjoying the game.  The story and the music is great!When you first start, you have the choice of choosing ""story"" (the easiest) difficulty... you should choose normal as it will be more fun and challenging as you would have to figure out the game mechanics!  This is how the first 10 minutes look:https://youtu.be/pby1ACH-aRE"
,Recommended,617480,33524974,Posted: 13 July,all,Orici,"hm ok...... i am not dissapointed but  for now the game is quite good ...reminds me a bit of Champions of Anteria.... but betterin the current state and for 15,- its not that  expensive and you got fun out of it+ the semi paused Combat is also interesting... i need to play it more but the fighting mechanicsseems to be deep ^^ for example i can cast a wall but i can choose the shape of it not just a straight wall maybe a curve or a corner..... there is def. room to grow...8/10   needs optimization i guess+ koop would be nice if possible"
76561197970708356,Recommended,617480,33585792,Posted: 16 July,all,candnew,A great game that looks great and has few problems other than being difficult in battles. The only problem I have is story progression and getting stuck on a certain part and having to waste a lot of time looking for some tiny or hidden item that holds up the game. I would suggest a better map also that shows more detail and quest completion spots or even a hint button. I assume this is not meant to be a puzzle game that people waste hours trying to unlock myst-like puzzles. Overall this is right down my alley as far as rpg dungeon crawlers.
76561198028215865,Recommended,617480,33593886,Posted: 16 July,all,brat_Klont,"I usually don't play that kind of RPG games, but I risked... and damn, it was worth it. The story is a classic fantasy tale, but it's written so well that I fell in love after just a few hours of gameplay. I like how the items that you can find are ACTUALLY HELPING. Not having to carry 34 useless swords is a big thing to me. Graphics are pretty nice, and the music really matches the game. But my absolute favourite is the combat system. I hate turn based RPG games (like Knights of the Old Republic, just an example) so being able to actually choose a game mode that allowes mi to participate in combat by aiming with skills and moving my warriors.. well, as old RTS fanboy it really makes me want to finish this game, even if it's just a small touch for anyone else. Definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,617480,34975287,Posted: 15 September,all,Dropbeard,"Seems very promising so far, if you're into micromanaging small groups in real time. Something about the plot & environs grabbed me, too.Ran into a bug (early access; it happens) and reported it. The devs immediately got back to me & sent me a fixed save file. Great customer support & dedication!"
76561197983083878,Recommended,617480,35044652,Posted: 18 September,all,Zombie Purifier,"Overall this is a pretty decent game. The story is massive (the dev clearly cares about this), and there is great attention to the details of the backstory, dialogue between characters, and lore that can be found around the game.For me the battling is the best part. While it is not without its problems (sometimes tricky to pick the correct enemy - units pass through each other), in EA status it is clearly already in good form. It is tense and have genuinely felt my heart race to survive the onslaught.  Took me a few battles to get used to the mechanics…you really do have to make use of slow time, and be tactical, which is satisfying. I understand there are more battle modes to come, so looking forward to that.Graphics look great, particularly when you have loads of enemies in battle, and I only ran into a frame drop once while running through the first proper level of the tower. (I am running it on Ultra settings though at 3440x1440 on a fairly decent card so not a surprise). I love the use of light and shadows in exploring, and understand this is to improve further. Use of particles is great. Visually it pops very well.Audio is decent. Sound design is clear enough and helpful in battle, though some things are missing (here’s a noisy waterfall, there’s a silent one) - and I turned all the levels up in the settings. Music is good  to keep you playing, though I wish there was more orchestra, and sometimes it needs to have more punch. Particularly going in or out of battles, so you actually feel impending danger or success!I think there is a lot of detail to the leveling up of heroes, inventory, skills etc which I was left to discover for myself. The city ‘menu’ idea is good and clearly shows the dev cares about connecting it all together with the backstory - will be interesting to see where the story goes. It’s promising a lot.From what I understand from the dev, this is going to be a huge game in terms of content, and it is already well on its way.  In over 4 hours playing I only got to end of the tower’s first floor, so still got 3 more to go just in this current EA build! The dev is clearly committed to the game based on the responses here, so looking forward to seeing how much more it grows."
76561198049999231,Recommended,617480,34825217,Posted: 8 September,all,lordzeus,battles are amazing i havent played battles like this beforethe storyline is awesome keeps you coming back for morethree thumbs up from megreat game hope you guys keep up the great work
76561198084072321,Recommended,617480,33549906,Posted: 14 July,all,TwinPrix,Amazing game. If u are looking for some good story singel player rpg its just perfect.
76561198401877116,Recommended,617480,33526445,Posted: 13 July,all,4kbusinessrequests,"It's great so far, loving the music. Gameplay is challenging but fun. I'll provide more information as I progress, but I'm really enjoying myself inside this first hour of story. Great work!"
76561198085272009,Recommended,617480,34694381,Posted: 2 September,all,Heaven Master,A promising game.  Not a mimic of Pillars of Eternity.
,Recommended,617480,34075620,Posted: 6 August,all,Izzatso?,"Great Combat,Great Story,Great Mood,but... the Tablet UI turned me off7/10 will wait for further Development"
76561198034468649,Recommended,617480,33842536,Posted: 27 July,all,alex.twigster,"Keeping in mind this is a ""early access"" game. It's really solid. Beautiful graphics. Clean interface. Could use more with voice acting but I'm sure that will be coming along. for $15 , great buy!"
76561197994503229,Recommended,617480,33900474,Posted: 30 July,all,EZ-DCain,The first thing ... what a lovely Soundtrack. I instantly sank in to my chair and dove deep in to this world even reading all of the lore. Some Fights seem hard on normal some are easy. But Balance isn't done over night. I hope it will continue as it started.
,Recommended,617480,34815596,Posted: 8 September,all,Amanix,"Great mix of RPG coolness with original RTS gameplay.Great Early Access version, already totally enjoyable, even if, of course, still rough on some edges for now.Awesome developers, carefully listening to their players and working accordingly.A work of love, indeed.If you like to help those guys and discover a very good game already with immense potential, get it right now, no regrets.If you prefer to get game finished, keep an eye on this one, or both.I will add more thought when the game will be more finalized, for now just now that if you hesitate, you shouldn't.Price is a bargain for what you already have in here, and the fun you can already get, knowing you should have more."
76561198001418172,Recommended,617480,34780511,Posted: 6 September,all,Kosemartin,"Pros: Looks good, nice levels, balanced gear/skills and interesting story.Cons: Later combat and clicking on treasures got repetive towards the end of the EAPretty good/10, looking forward to more."
76561198173986850,Recommended,617480,34784467,Posted: 6 September,all,dixon sider,"i can tell this is a pretty amazing game after the first encounter. this is the direction that final fantasy should have went with their combat system. combat is a nice blend of tanking and damaging so far (havent got a healer yet but im assuming there is healing). i think the only games i have played that had as dynamic of tanking mechanics as this game was aarklash legacy, and dragon age 1, and 2. for some reason it is incredibly rare to find a single player RPG that does the tank role justice. combat has no pause, which i dislike, but i respect the devs for making that decision. It gives the combat system character. after all, the more the developers try to appeal to the majority, the less people they end up satisfying in the end. This game could have no story at all and i would still praise it for the incredible combat system. please support this game so we can show the larger companies how gamers still enjoy games that make them think!!!"
,Recommended,617480,34163623,Posted: 11 August,all,Saucy Jack,"Great ideas, a fantastically fleshed out chunk to play in Early Access.  Make sure to read the warnings about the gameplay, as it may not be to everyone's taste.Overall a solid and inventive take on many standard ideas."
76561198053791074,Recommended,617480,34424839,Posted: 22 August,all,marydmoomey,"I really like this game. It reminds me of an old school RPG game. I love to explore the levels, craft and enhance armor/ weapons and the artwork is great and it has a very nice story. I think that is what hooks me most is the story. I couldn't stop playing it. I like to be thorough with my exploring and was a bit frustrated when the Service Floor gave me 71% complete and yet the game said I completed the level until I found out it was a bug. I can't wait for the rest of the game to be finished. I used to play these types of games and really like the concept. To me it is way better than the other games I have played like this. Even though it is a dungeon crawler it keeps my interest probably because of the story line. Yes, the battles can be repetitious at times but other points of interest make up for it. All in all, I do recommend the game. I will be anticipating the future release of the full game."
76561198038095075,Recommended,617480,34381077,Posted: 20 August,all,praxxis32198,"I am shocked by the quality for a 15$ game, as I have paid more for much less polished early access titles. I was not expecting an early access game to be this developed, honestly. To me, the music stuck out as being well above par of many full-fledged titles. I have just finished the first of four levels, and the story progress is such that I find myself trying to find every little note and journal because it provides an interesting sort of ""cookie crumb trail"" that makes you want to find the next hint as to what's happening. I rarely buy a game and play it for more than an hour or so in the first sitting, but Tower of Time had me hooked right off the bat.The combat shines as well, especially the slow-down feature, which puts it somewhat in between baldur's gate, an RTS, and a MOBA. There are multiple tactical choices for each battle, and finding the right combination provides for some interesting effects. For example, getting overwhelmed? Form a wall around the ranged attackers to keep them at bay. Or hide around a corner and lead the monsters into an array of traps, summons, and AOE binds. No matter what the strategy, there are many tools to take advantage of.I am playing on normal, and the difficulty seems just right. You can't just stand in one spot in a boss fight and take hits. You actually have to taunt, kite, snare, heal, and arrange your party in a tactical manner. I can definitely see that the higher difficulties would get hectic, but the battle challenge / arena fights available in the town can be repeated, allowing for a chance to farm up some gold and equipment when you get stuck.All in all, an excellent experience so far."
,Recommended,617480,34766760,Posted: 5 September,all,GanjahRebel,"Great content for its value. The gameplay is fine, nothing spectacular, and the combat is also fine, doesn't get dull, but repetitive sometimes. Where it REALLY shines, is in its lore, writing, and immersion.One does really want to finish its story, to know more. If you value immersion and writing more than combat, buy it."
76561198037641684,Recommended,617480,34424584,Posted: 22 August,all,kahakauai,"Great gameplay overall, cool storyline, and great graphics and level design. I dig the music, it fits well and gives a good sense of drama. I love the slowing of time as opposed to stopping it completely like other games do. It creates a sense of urgency in your decision making which keeps the combat tense and exciting.Devs are responsive and on top of changes and fixes which is nice to see - looking forward to seeing how this game progreses. Thumbs up guys, keep up the good work!"
76561198078211419,Recommended,617480,34618161,Posted: 30 August,all,beyilime,"Just putting in a review of my experience so far. This is the first early access game that I have picked up, really enjoying it so far, devs are being active with updates and the game is already very playable. If you enjoy the tactical map control from Dragon Age then this is a nice pick-up-and-play option. There are nods to strategy, stat optimisation and of course a bit of lore to go along with it. I never feel that I am being unfairly tested, difficulty curve is definitely there but eases you in."
76561198288742311,Recommended,617480,34724496,Posted: 3 September,all,botherbug,"Only three hours in and I can easily say I don't regret giving  Event Horizon my money. Is it like other RPG's? Yes... and No. Sure there are quests, and leveling, and treasures to find. There is also an intense combat system that begs you to put on your ""stategy hat"" (had to clean the dust off mine). Is it beautiful graphics? Yes... and Yes. Does the story grip you from the beginning? Yes.. and hell yes! Lastly, do the devs care and respond to concerns? Yes... and (you guessed it) Yes!Glad I found this gem. I can tell I'm gonna be ""getting on my RPG thing"" for a while to come!"
76561198006665079,Recommended,617480,33562494,Posted: 15 July,all,Pietmans,Nice game
76561198042388611,Recommended,617480,34763143,Posted: 5 September,all,Alexey,"Surprisingly good, beatiful locations, wonderful soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,617480,34744177,Posted: 4 September,all,daemonnnn,"Though this game is somewhat original in mechanics, I was greatly unimpressed with how the levelling works, how the story is built and how the tactical combat feels very basic (in a Final Fantasy) kind of way. I do admit that the combat and puzzle solving are by far the best parts of the experience for me, and that it will charm others for it. But be warned, if you are a fan of well told stories and in-depth narrated RPGs, move ahead, because this game is not for you. The plot is clear from the beginning but doesn't expand further than that, other than justifying why things are the way they are. You will feel immediately that there's no development of the narrative that is really consecuential. For the Price though, I cannot really argue with the quality-to-price ratio. But it does NOT have anything else pass thje combat system."
76561198063115297,Not Recommended,617480,33611910,Posted: 17 July,all,neonhigh,"Kind of bored me to be honest. It feels like a waste of money because (and this may be because it's still in alpha) but there was no customization options of any form, which essentially puts you in the role of a typical, boring brown-haired anime hero type. I got bored within an hour and decided to get a refund. I can't understand the point of an RPG that doesn't allow you to inject any of your yourself into the game, especially western-style rpgs."
