user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,618950,31418911,Posted: 28 April,all,CopycatPls,"Agatha Knife is the second game from Mango Protocol, after MechaNika, and focuses on the protagonist Agatha Knife, and her creation of Carnivorism.GameplayAs a Point&Click Adventure, you are in the usual task of collecting Items and combining them with things or people, to achieve your goals. You move with a click, a double click will make Agatha run and clicking on an character will bring up icons (An Eye for looking at something, a Cog for interacting with something, a Speech Bubble to talk with something or someone, and a door for walking in and out of places) which you can click. While your character moves towards something to do the task you selected with the icon, you can freely click on the ground somewhere to override the command with a move command. Clicking on a character or interactable object will bring up a menu and not cancel movement, allowing you to have the icons visible during interactions, though clicking at any point (to move somewhere, or to advance a conversation) will remove them. Clicking on Agatha brings up the menu, and selecting an item and exiting the menu allows you to use an object on something. Here, the game is sparse with it's selection, allowing the intended interactions and only a few other interaction (Giving Agatha's mother money will result in Agatha stopping and saying that this will not be enough, and that she may need it more to get Carnivorism working, and there is an interaction for doing an action you already have done, like picking up a second packet of empty paper. This is pretty much all the non-obvious interactions the game offers with giving objects.) However, when interacting with people, the game gives you two options to progress: Give people the item directly, or to talk to them, where a speech bubble allows Agatha to talk about the object on her own, moving on conversations. The first option is faster, the second one is easier if you forgot what item to give to someone.So far, I have found only one design flaws (bugs?). EDIT: I have been informed that there is an actual solution to this problem, Thus, the first error is no error. The review was edited.Also, a lesser bug: In front of the library are three students. The male student has a small area where you can select him for inspection. If you do that, you will get the default ""It wouldn't be wise to do that"" dialogue (Which pops up every time you try to use an item on someone who shouldn't have it.StoryYou play as Agatha, an Imasomniac 7-year old who is a butcher and has only one friend. She loves animals, she loves meat. Her animals do not love being made into meat, they are scared of being killed. So, Agatha is trying to get a religion going that promises animals eternal happiness after death, so they do no longer fear death. Helping her is Awesome Sandro, a magician who knows various forms of divination (and cocktail mixing) and has chosen her for his course in teaching how to start a successful religion to influence the masses. Also helping her due to the close connection with her family and their friendship is Nika, who helps her when needed.The story is railroaded, and if you get a task, you have only one way to solve it. A good example is one of the earliest tasks: You are to bring a book with a red cover and empty pages to Sandro. The intended way is to get a packet of empty pages and to let it be bound in book form in the copy shop. However, exploring players or players who are on their second playthrough know there already is a book that has empty pages. The Enigmarillion is a book with blank pages, and you can find it in the library. However, the game developer refuses to let you have the book. Yes, that is literal, the game developer personified is waiting in the area where you would pick up the book and holds it himself in his hand, not willing to give it to you. Additionally, after getting the book the way it was intended, it is still white. One could now think to buy red paper, to make the book cover red that way, maybe even paint it with stuff from there. No, that is not possible. Instead you are forced to dip the book itself in pig blood, and no, you can't use the vial of pig blood cocktail you have with you to do it.Some characters seem to only exist for the sake of plot and backstory. Amanda's mom only exists so that Amanda herself can ask her for permissions, almost never being a driving force herself or even interacting with Amanda on her own, only reacting to Amanda's requests. Nika's Aunt is also completely ignorable, and because she has bad hearing, you must not even be careful around her.HumorThe game has two types of gags: References and Absurdity Humor. References include the cemetary at the beginning, where not only tombstones for fictional characters are located (Krillin from Dragonball even has tally marks on his grave) but also Shinji and his father from Neon Genesis Evangelion. Absurdity Humor is the entire Backstory of Agatha Knife, who has characters constantly ask her if she is fine with her treatment, that Sandro is basically drugging a child, the fact that Nika is occasionally drunk on whiskey or a customer at a burger shop who eats bad meat ends up dying (For your information, the character stays there for the rest of the game, and everyone merely acknowledges that he is dead). It uses that humor greatly, to convey even darker situations with a humorful twist on it, gaining humor from it.SubtextSo, why do I recommend the game, even though for this review, I have mainly been treating it as average at best? The Subtext is great. We have small things, like Agatha not reacting uniquely when trying to usa knifes on people, but reacting uniquely whne trying to use knifes on animals. Agatha does not see her knifes as weapons, only as tools. She wouldn't think of attacking people with them, even if she hates them.Sandro tells Agatha at one point that she needs to remember that her god is not real, even if she convinces others. However, we see behaviour later that implies he is real, yet he is only in the knowledge of things that she knew. If she remembered something, it added to his lore. This adds a layer of questioning if she is leading her god, or her god is leading her. We also never hear what exactly the pig says, only getting translated through Agatha, One can get some interesting implications on the characters and the world they live in through the actions done, and while the game itself is not perfect, I think that Mango Protocol has this part down. If they were to make a bigger game, I am certain that they would make it work, as they pay attention to the inner workings of a story.ConclusionThis game is great, but on the shorter side. I would recommend it, but only if you look for a game experience, not for a long game time. I have managed to get the first playthrough done in about 5 hours. and if I wasn't able to muster my own will to replay a game, I would have probably left it at these 5 hours. The puzzles are interesting, but if you buy it, you are mostly going to buy this game because the artstyle and the story intrigued you."
,Recommended,618950,31757601,Posted: 14 May,all,Smitten midget,"Agatha Knife is absolutely wonderful. The art is beautiful and the music is really pleasing to listen too. I think the things that really stands out about this game is the puzzles, characters, and story.The puzzles aren't insanely simple or annoying long  like in a lot of point and click adventures. I always knew what my goal was though out the game, but there was a few times I really had to stop and think how to work a puzzle out. There is a hint system in the game, but it's not the normal 'go here and do this' hints. The hints are in the form of tarot cards that you need to work out the meaning to get the full hint. They're not super difficult to work out, but it's nice to not have the game completely hold your hand.The characters are marvelous written. You have all types of characters from a cross dressing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to a depressed lion. The game doesn't really have that many locations in it, but the characters coming and going help the town feel alive. It's full of optional dialogue and characters that takes away the problem with most of the point and click adventure has of everything you can interact with is a key item or person to the story.The best thing about the game is the story. I'm going to be honest here, I hate point and click adventures that are either so obscure that you need a flow chart and 100 people on a forum to kinda figure the story out, being based off Alice in Wonderland without the charm, or the 'DID IT REALLY HAPPEN?!' or the 'IT WAS ALL IN YOUR HEAD!' endings. Agatha Knife has a full unique story from beginning to end. The universe is different from ours, but most things are nicely explained.In short, if you love point and click buy this game right now. If you're like me and not a huge fan of the genre because of the things I mention above, you'll be able to tell if you like the game or not within two hours to get your refund. I think it's wroth the risk."
,Recommended,618950,31794698,Posted: 16 May,all,Grim8080,"A nice dark comedy. The music is lovely, the puzzles are pretty fun and the dialogue is great. Also the art is adorableI give it 10 pigs hanging from the ceiling waiting to be butchered by children out of 10"
,Recommended,618950,31900417,Posted: 22 May,all,grill gamer,"Agatha Knife hits the ground running. From the very first room/area, you're given a feel for how truly and utterly ridiculous (yet charming) this game is.Personally, I tend to struggle when it comes to point-and-click games. The pacing is usually too slow, immersion isn't totally there, the puzzles are too obscure, or just nothing really stands out and wows me. It's rare that I finish a point-and-click.None of that applies here.Agatha Knife boasts a wonderfully strange cast of characters - some old, some new! - and the story they help tell is definitely one you haven't heard before. The dialogue is witty and dark, and there were many times I'd find myself snickering and shaking my head in disbelief at what had just been said.The puzzles are perfectly ""medium"". So while this game doesn't hold your hand and it does make you think a bit; it isn't frustrating either. Mango Protocol have found a lovely balance in this area, and I think it's one of the biggest reasons that Agatha Knife (and MechaNika) have been so well received.I honestly can't recommend this game highly enough to anyone who has a slightly twisted sense of humor or a love of unique storylines. Even if this isn't normally your favorite style of game, I urge you to give it a shot. Agatha Knife and MechaNika are in a league of their own."
76561198054803700,Recommended,618950,31815117,Posted: 17 May,all,dilleraimer,"Awesome game, much more fun than MechaNika. I recommend playing this one first if you haven't played MechaNika since it explains the background of Agatha's religion. Definitely worth giving this game a try,"
,Recommended,618950,31640151,Posted: 8 May,all,Bed,"Like MechaNika before it, this is a great dark twisted innocent comedy. Thoroughly enjoyed it."
,Recommended,618950,31500207,Posted: 1 May,all,Desorbo,"Love point & click? Enjoy dark humor? Want to support some up-and-coming developers?Mango Protocol!I beat this in about three sessions. That feeling you get when you put two and two together in a point & click is very much here. That paired with interesting characters, a quest to create a new religion, and the love of meat.. you have Agatha Knife.I recommend checking out MechaNika before playing this as it's the first game they released."
,Recommended,618950,34763113,Posted: 5 September,all,Vamyx,"""Agatha Knife""is a indie point & click game from the developers behind the similar game ""MechaNika"". Compared to other games, ""Agatha Knife"" is a very unique game with a very interesting story and gameplay. I would describe it as an addictive game from just playing 10 minutes in, the music is very pleasant and suits the game very well. ""Agatha Knife"" also have fun puzzles that you need to solve, some a bit harder than another. You will defenetily find yourself stuck in the game with a ""must"" to continue til' you finish the game.""Agatha Knife"" is a really fun game and it puts you into a lot of thinking, it has both a weird and funny story and I would lie if I didn't say that I loved it for every minute I've played. I love how they put in for an example; One-Punch man and Hatsune Miku in the comic store as well with other known characters. I would definitely say that my money was well spent when I bought thePyschotic Adventures Bundle.Agatha is a 7-year old girl that struggles from insomniac and her love for meat and animals.One day Agatha's mother Mrs Knife realise that the business in their Butcher shop goes poorly, she decided to take Agatha to the church in hope to make everything go great again. Agatha decides to get herself into making her own ""religion"" which in this case is ""Carnivorism"". In order to successfully ""create"" the Carnivorism and help her mother, Agatha finds herself in challenging situations. You as the player have to think and make the tasks reasonable in order to help Agatha with her belief to make the animals unafraid of death. You get to experience the life of the very unusual life of little Agatha and learn more about her way to handle things.Positive view over the game:‣ The game has an unusual and unique story.‣ The music suits the game.‣ The game is addictive.‣ The achievements are fun and they look cool.‣ The game has some fun puzzles as well as some challenging tasks.‣ It's easy to save the game so you quick can come back from where you left it.‣ There is some interesting charachters with different personalities.‣ Cool emoticons and backgrounds as well as badges.Negative view over the game:‣ There's nothing negative about the game in my opinion."
,Recommended,618950,31404657,Posted: 27 April,all,iiTzHentaiPT,Just finished the game and i loved it.I recommend this game if you like Point & Click games with simple puzzles and a good story.
,Recommended,618950,31524491,Posted: 3 May,all,Vanirue,"Want to make your own religion? Well this game is definitely yours.(Love the story even though it's pretty much f up, but still the puzzles and interactions werevery enjoyable, plus lots of anime and other fandoms are in the game so totally relateable hahaha)"
76561198021751468,Recommended,618950,31497692,Posted: 1 May,all,Quick-Draw Jenny,"This was an absolutely enchanting game. The art style fits the premise and themes of the game perfectly along with being incredibly charming. Not only are the visuals charming  all of the characters are with Agatha being an incredibly interesting character if a bit silly in just how quirky she is. It plays like a typical point and click adventure with it thankfully being sane enough that most of the puzzles make sense plus the hint systems helps out if you just really get stuck. There are also muItiple ways that you can complete some of the puzzles which is nice especially since you get a special little treat if you beat the game in the most financially frugal way. I would recommend playing the first game, MechaNikac before playing this despite it being chronologically set before MechaNika. There is one flaw that both games share though. They are short, almost criminally so and it really sucks because just as you are getting really immersed into this girl, her struggle, and the world it ends. Overall I would give this game an 8/10. In future games I hope they have at least a bit more playtime especially if they sell it at 10 dollars again but you should check it out on your own it is quite the experience."
76561198072029283,Recommended,618950,33402048,Posted: 9 July,all,Joseph,Creating the Carnivorism was a really great experience. All the steps requiered makes you explore the town and speak with everybody. Which reveal fascinating and funny/macabre histories.If you played MechaNika this game is a must. This one has more focus in the narritive and allows you to know more about the Psychotic Universe and its habitants.Most of the observation and questions have two responses. Try to interract with everything at least 2 times.
,Recommended,618950,31899477,Posted: 22 May,all,Марсель High 'n Rich,I enjoyed playing the game very much. The game is cool ehm I meaned AWESOME. 100% worth it!
76561198188443251,Recommended,618950,31468231,Posted: 30 April,all,lancelot,"First of all, playMechaNikabefore playing Agatha Knife. You'll enjoy AK much more then.That said, I think AK is definitely a big improvement on MN. AK is a bigger and better structured game. It took me twice as much time to complete AK, and I almost never was lost, unlike in MN, where I wasted some time running between locations (in MN and AK it means running left of right) trying to figure out where I should go next.Also the plot in AK is more elaborate than in MN, and, unlike in MN, the plot comes to a satisfying conclusion.AK has plenty of (perhaps rather overused by now) jokes about the followers of a macabre religion who eat the body of their god and drink his blood. In fact, the game plot is more or less revolving around something similar. So if you're offended by that, chances are it'll spoil the game for you.Personally the only bit that I disliked was the story about the boy's mother. It's completely random, and I think it's a bit too much to add such things randomly just for the lulz. Perhaps it's possible to view it as an even more macabre variation on the main plot, but that would be a stretch.Other than that, the game quite skilfully combines the cute and the bizarre, which might be a big contributing factor toward the game's charm. And it never stoops to toilet humor. Another big plus is that, while the game does have some pop culture references, it doesn't overdo them and doesn't resort to second-hand jokes which are supposed to be funny only because they have some familiar references.I like AK's graphics a lot, they seem very simple but the design of everything is just great, doing an excellent job of conveying the characters' distinct personalities and the mood they're in, so, for example, in a group of animals present at a mysterious ritual you can immediately tell which are scared, which are surprised, which are heckling the speaker. Animations are also quite simple and quite charming.And the same can be said about the soundtrack. Simple and distinct. Be sure to listen to the second (""Mexican"") tune that the jukebox in the burger bar plays. AK doesn't have voice acting.Come to think of it, the same can be said about the interface. Simple, and doing its job very well, without any issues with interactions/inventory/hotspots/exits.The puzzles are -- you guessed it -- very simple, most times Agatha's mentor tells her what the next goal is, and Agatha herself or someone else tells you what needs to be done to solve any specific puzzle. Plus the mentor can provide hints. There was one step in the obtain-the-legendary-one-in-existence-book puzzle for which I haven't found any hints, so it seemed to be one of those puzzles that you either ""get"" or not. But there was only one such example, all other puzzles made perfect sense (in the AK universe, that is). Some puzzles have multiple solutions, though I think the variations are pretty minor.Overall, in this year of adventure game flops and disappointments, AK definitely doesn't disappoint, and is one of the highlights of the year for me so far."
,Recommended,618950,32115471,Posted: 1 June,all,Poppet,Underrated.
,Recommended,618950,32028194,Posted: 28 May,all,riotsquad,"Point'n'click of the type that a newb. of the genre (such as I am) can finish without tutorial so it's a good entry into the genre if you're looking for a game that's fairly logical in its puzzles.Other than that it's funny and weird, anyone that played MechaNika will prob. like this as they're made by the same people, has the same sense of humour and tie in with eachother quite well. (without the problem of forcing you to play the first to get this)This is a very nice game within the genre for us that generally suck at the genre while still having (if you like the humour and story) something for the pro's of it as well as it is quite funny....and strange.... :)"
76561198006092528,Recommended,618950,31443555,Posted: 29 April,all,Harald B,"Deliciously subversive premise, sticking to its guns resulting in a bunch of hilarious moments if you get into it.Not the most polished or graphically advanced game for sure, with the mouse lag you get with the custom cursor being particularly embarassing. Still, it's a blast throughout."
,Recommended,618950,31505841,Posted: 2 May,all,Kris DETERMINATION,The dark humor of this game is just wonderful. Very charming game. One of the only point and click adventure games I've actually enjoyed. I love how Agatha still has a childlike mentality despite the circumstances.
76561198096195596,Recommended,618950,31530873,Posted: 3 May,all,Prowler,Absolutelly incredible story and contemplative content. Both comedy and controversy occur during the game with almost no effect on the tone creating an almost calming discussion of all things insensitive from false gods used as tools to animal cruelty all the while maintaining a cool and light hearted theme. Its f*cking hilarious
,Recommended,618950,33331854,Posted: 6 July,all,fantomchoder,"Awesome follow-up game to MechaNika. This game had a bit more length, better story, and felt more conclusive than the other which ended abruptly for me (though it was still great of course). Definitely worth picking this up."
76561198071431527,Recommended,618950,33680875,Posted: 20 July,all,Song8ird,"I absolutely loved this game. I thought it was very charming and the puzzles were pretty well done. There was only one puzzle that I had to look up, but overall most of the puzzles can be solved by paying attention and making sure you talk with everyone. I would say I liked this one more than I liked Mechanika, however, I thought both were good games and found it better to play Mechanika first even though you don't have to in order to play this one. I recommend getting the bundle when its on sale like I did so you can get both Mechanika and Agatha Knife along with their soundtracks.Final Statement:I highly recommend this game. It has an adorable art style, great soundtrack, and is very charming."
