user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,619280,32368190,Posted: 12 June,all,ParallaxScroll,"You MIGHT want to give this game a shot, but don't get it at full price. It doesn't play nearly as well as it looks in the trailer.- Buggy menus.- Literally the worst default gamepad mappings I have ever seen in any game. Fortunately you can change those, but the menu to do so is buggy and very poorly designed.- Janky movement and combat.- Serious lack of visual/audio feedback to indicate when you get damaged or are low on health/stamina.- Tiny health and stamina bars in the corner of the screen that do not stand out visually, making them unnecessarily difficult to see at a glance while focusing on combat.- Poorly implemented stamina system.- The game is only a linear series of randomly generated rooms. Kill the enemies, go to the right into the next room. Don't expect to do any exploring.This whole game is sloppily put together. It feels like someone's college game design project that happened to have a good graphics guy and a good music guy on board. It's a serious waste of some great pixel art and animations."
,Recommended,619280,31248188,Posted: 19 April,all,Ezekiel_III,"Gloom is a challenging and atmospheric game that is packed with more lore than you might give it credit for at first glance. This game kind of a cross between Bloodborne and Binding of Isaac. It has power-ups, collectables, melee & ranged combat, and good ol' fashioned dodge rolling. When you die, you start back at the beginning with a better understanding of enemies and items. Every item you pick up has a paragraph of lore that paints a picture of the game's story and slowly connects dots the more you acquire.If you want a difficult 2D rogue-like with a great soundtrack, this is a game for you."
76561197996228583,Recommended,619280,32529405,Posted: 18 June,all,ニャ,"woah when did Dark Souls and Binding of Isaac have a baby?this metaphor goes further than you think. while this game is delightful, it still feels a bit young if you compare it to its de facto parents, having neither the difficulty of Dark Souls style games, nor the sheer content and replayability of Binding of Isaac. it'll only keep you entertained for a fraction of the time either of its parents could manage, but it's not bad for being so tiny.if you couldn't imagine playing those games but sidescroller and also not nearly as deep as either, you should probably avoid it.seriously though, dreamer invasions when?"
76561198049701752,Recommended,619280,32116539,Posted: 1 June,all,Doctor Irrational,"I haven't really written a review before but this game really pushes me towards writing one. The game itself evokes images of Lovecraftian proportions with its melancholic blacks and whites and oppressive overtone. The story to the world is provided piecemeal with each item you collect and record onto your Necronomicon and it truly helps add onto the mysteries of the Common Dream. The combat is methodical and tests your patience, albeit it is also clunky at first to get the hang of how the flow of combat is supposed to fit together. The soundtrack is gorgeous and the background set pieces are beautiful, which saddens me considering how little of the game is there. The game is particularly short when you've gotten the hang of the combat and the patterns of the enemies and bosses (or power through with a Gatling gun saved exclusively for all of the boss fights) but it really was an enjoyable experience. My recommendation is this: I bought the game at full price because I want to support the developers into either extending this game or making a new one with a similar aesthetic, but your miles may vary if you're not exactly devout to the whole 2D Bloodborne monochrome aesthetic. If you're interested, by all means, buy it now or buy it later, but I'd buy it all the same."
76561198084361895,Recommended,619280,32703825,Posted: 23 June,all,Harry Kappa,"Got this from steam summer sale, one of the best purchase i've ever madeThis game is basically a simplified version of Salt and sanctuary with randomized itemsThis game is really simple, straightfoward and VERY addicting. The difficulty is very high and you'll be likely to die alot. I my first 2 hours in the first area, repeat it over and over again but it doesnt feel boring. Combat is fluid and hitboxes are decent. This and Salt and Sanctuary are absolutely must if you like souls-like 2d game"
76561198026660083,Recommended,619280,31303287,Posted: 22 April,all,FlawlessHappiness,"I just played 47 minutes of Gloom.I died about 4-5 times. Then I finally got into the rhythm, as you do with the Souls games, and I got to some kind of special boss. I just barely beat him, with a sliver of health left. ""Phew"", I thought, ""Alright, so savepoint?""...Nope.The music speeds up and I'm teleported to the next area, and instantly die.I love it. I love challenges like this. It's almost like playing a 2D Dark Souls with simpler stats.------------------------4 hours in now.I've won a couple of times. I'm not done with this game yet.There are still things I need to do.Unlockables I haven't tried.Combinations.Still love it.Oh yeah, a run takes me between 10 and 15 minutes right now.But I think I can do it faster...------------------------6 hours have I played now.I have almost fully completed the game.The only thing left is a couple of achievements.It's still just as fun to play, now that I know all the patterns.However I do hope more content will be coming.The concept is great!"
,Not Recommended,619280,34498573,Posted: 26 August,all,Dravvad,"Gloom is a side-scrolling game that is based on combat alone, and it is essentially linear. While the general story for the game is interesting, I feel like Gloom could have been a lot better if the developers designed it differently, because it has quite a lot of flaws.The premise of Gloom is that you are dropped into a dream world and want to figure out what is going on. This screams like many recent games going off of the Dark Souls series. However, the game is nothing like that.In Gloom, you simply move through the same set of rooms over and over with some random generation in the types of enemies as well as items. There are 3 areas that you go through in the game, and then you fight a main boss, and then make your way to the final boss. There is no exploration whatsoever, as you simply go room-to-room after clearing out the enemies that spawn.The amount of enemy types in the game is decent for each area, but most of them are actually not that difficult to deal with, and only get more difficult if a bunch of them spawn at once. You simply need to fight an enemy, remember its pattern, and then take it out easily. All attacks are essentially the same and not too random.Your character has just a few actions: swinging a melee weapon, shooting a gun or throwing an object (e.g., a Molotov cocktail), rolling, parrying (to dodge an attack at an exact time), and jumping. All of those actions require stamina, which regenerates, except for jumping, ironically. Jumping allows you to dodge some things easily if you are low on stamina.The game starts you off with a generic sword and a pistol. As you defeat enemies, you get more bullets and also get some gold. In each of the 3 areas of the game, there are randomly generated shops for items as well as weapons. Most of the weapons are decent, and can even be upgraded once. However, you are required to find an upgrade material in order to do so, which depends upon the random generation. Out of the weapons, I would say my favorites were the upgraded rapier and the upgraded axe.Whenever you die in the game, you are kicked back to the main menu (which is slightly annoying), and then simply restart from the beginning again. People call this “rogue-like,” but in reality, the game is not like that because there is no exploration or management to build up, and the game itself is actually very short.In fact, if you are skilled at fighting the enemies, you can beat the whole game in 20 minutes easily. And the game even has speed-run achievements down to 8 minutes and 30 seconds. This alone makes the game not that great because there is not a whole lot of content.That is one of the main reasons why I dislike games that rely heavily upon random generation, because many of them do not create enough actual content and simply believe that you replaying the same things over and over with a few different items is actually interesting. Also, those games heavily depend upon how lucky you are in what gets generated for you.For instance, in Gloom, you could go through the whole game without finding an upgrade material, meaning you are stuck with a basic weapon. Later on, you can use Tokens to force an upgrade material at the game’s beginning, but the Tokens are also randomly found, and even the material type that generates is random.So while the art style, premise, and some of the combat is good for Gloom, there are many design flaws in it, especially the reliance on random generation and how short the game actually is. Because of that, I cannot recommend it."
76561198032536489,Recommended,619280,31363090,Posted: 25 April,all,Mister Lareau,"This game. This here game is a work of beauty. From the eerie, haunting style of the title screen and the music that accompanies it all the way through to your final satisfying struggles, a masterfully crafted journey.It's got that satisfying 2D Dark Soulsian kinda feel to its combat, muddled together with that Binding of Isaac roguelike drive to have ""one more run"" and find allllllllll the things.You pop that together with a little Lovecraftian goodness, more well written lore than you could hope for and a simple but beautiful art style...You've got magic. This game feels genuinely good to have played and continue playing.I'm excited to see what the future holds for this game as more people catch on and enjoy the ride.Maximum recommendation."
,Recommended,619280,31405649,Posted: 27 April,all,Sheepfucker,"Pros+ Satisfying, slick combat+ Combat is telegraphed but not too easy+ Stat progression within a run is not too hard or too easy+ A good run or two rewards you by letting you start a few future runs with a few random items, meaning some incentive to play well instead of just fishing for a good starting item room+ Bosses are also learnable and not just mad HP sponges+ Dat graphical style. This is not just pixels because that's trendy, or minimal because that's easy. The artwork is well-crafted, clear, and gorgeous.Variable* Little to no persistent unlocks - less roguelite grinding* Level structure is linear progression through rooms of randomly chosen enemies from the level's pool. No ""Bad map layouts""* No traps, just enemies.Cons- Limited number of enemies. While this means there's less ""Oh god how do I fight X enemy type"", there are still few enemy types. Get good at fighting them, instead of just getting OP.- Stat progression within a run can be RNG dependent"
76561198003146259,Recommended,619280,31460696,Posted: 30 April,all,Torgo,"A simplified 2D souls-like. Gameplay is a bit like Hollow Knight. You fight enemies in a random dungeon, room after room, and fight a boss at the end. Lots of weird items and secrets (like Binding of Isaac). Combat feels smooth and familiar, difficulty is tough but fair. I haven't beaten it yet, but I'm hooked. Visuals and atmosphere are simple but really classy, lots of style, spooky atmosphere a little bit Bloodborne, lots of shadows and horrifying Lovecraft monsters. It's great stuff. For anyone who likes this genre, stuff like Hollow Knight, Salt & Sanctuary, Bloodborne, Souls, or any action rogues, you'll probably dig it. :)"
,Recommended,619280,31142508,Posted: 14 April,all,Gramps,"An indie game that promises a crisp and punishing rogue-like(-like) playstyle and delivers in spades!Gloom is hard done right! The enemies, happy to group up and give you hell, have telegraphs and modest movesets, which has let me (in the 3-4 hours I've been playing) feel real progression: I now know how far the doggies jump, which enemies don't get stunlocked by my hits, when a parry will fit better than a dodge... etcI think my favourite part about this game is how rich and diverse each life can be. Every weapon (and their upgrades) not only scales differently and has different stamina costs, but has different ranges, attack patterns, and swing delays.Add to the weapon pool all of the items you can come across, and you can really have back to back runs that feel nothing alike!Rogue-likes live and die based on their replayability, and I can see Gloom staying fresh and fun for a long time to come."
,Not Recommended,619280,33854856,Posted: 28 July,all,Ham Man,"I kinda wish steam would allow us to give games normal star/point ratings instead of ""I absolutely loved it!"" and ""I really hated it"", because what we have now is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when you're sort of in between when reviewing a game.Because for me Gloom is not a good game, but it's not bad either. It's pretty... meh.I'm going to keep it short for this one:The good things:-the artstyle. It's pretty similiar to Limbo, but it works with the dark and depressing atmosphere of the game.-runs pretty well - no crashes, solid 60 fps, no bugs-the music is... alright?-like in the Souls series, the story is pretty hidden and told only with the descriptions of items and bosses-combat is fast paced and challenging-many weapons and itemsThe bad-sorry, but it's not very original. Like I said, the artstyle screams ""Limbo"". Many mechanics and the way the story is told is copied from the Souls series.-there's literally no reason for it to be a roguelike, apart from laziness of the developers. The game is literally series of rooms that have either a few monsters, a shop or some items. There's no exploration - you just go from left to right until you fight the boss. It's pretty boring honestly.-the few bosses I got to fight were simply pathetic - all of them could be defeated by doding one of their two easy to dodge attacks and spamming your short attack combo.-unless you look at the top of the screen, there's no other way to know how much health or stanima you have left. When you're low on health the screen doesn't get dark, you don't bleed. Nothing. There's no animation for being low on stanima either. There's no feedback when hitting monsters. They don't react to you attacking them, just stand in place and take your hits. It's pretty annoying honestly. Also when you die the game kicks you back to the main menu for no reason without any ""retry"" button.-it's actually a really short game. As you can see from the achievements, you could finish it in less than a hour. It just feels longer because of the permadeath.In short, get it on a sale. IMO it's not really worth the full price. It feels more like a flash game or a free to play / 1 dollar phone app.Also a short rant - it seems like a lot of indie developers use the roguelike formula in their games because the computer will generate ""100 hours of gameplay"" for them. But the problem is - when you just shove the roguelike formula in your game, you make a game that doesn't have interesting level/word design. Everything starts blending into one huge mess, and when you do it like in this game - where you only go from left to right through small rooms that slowly start looking the same and only have different enemies in them - it just seems lazy.Word of advice - if you want to make another Gloom game, I think it would be better if you dropped the roguelike thing and tried to make actual levels. Heck, how about you try making a metroidvania? It would be more interesting that what we have now."
,Recommended,619280,34578534,Posted: 29 August,all,I am Jemboy,"Gloom is a 2D, Side-scrolling, Action Roguelike with a heavy emphasis on combat and learning enemy attack patterns. Where most roguelikes would randomize a room's layout or set different traps to look out for, Gloom only changes up the enemy lineups that youll encounter, plus the items & weapons that you can pick up. Otherwise, its the exact same run from left to right through the same 10 or so rooms per floor (4 floors in total), with enemy encounters being the main thing you need to worry about per run.That said, I found the combat to be very satisfying. Hitboxes are decent, the default keyboard & controller bindings were kinda odd (though I eventually got used to them), but combat & gameplay remain smooth overall. Learning the attack patterns of enemies and bosses is the main crux of the gameplay here. It was a tough first few hours for me personally, but the combat is addicting, and felt extremely rewarding when I was finally able to take down an enemy, and then a room full of enemies, and in some cases an entire floor, without taking a hit. There's a wide variety of items and weapons to play around with to help hone your personal play style.The world of Gloom is set in a dark, bleak Dream World. The pixel art graphics are crisp, and boast a monochromatic/greyscale visual style similar to Limbo, where all of the characters are simple shadowy figures, with bright white, glowing eyes. Its a very cool & creepy aesthetic. The music perfectly matches the look & feel of Gloom and its world: its dark, depressing, somber, yet atmospheric and gorgeous. The story and world aren't explicitly detailed for you during the main game, but instead can be pieced together yourself by reading through the weapon and item logs in the journal. I personally didnt mind that the narrative took more of a backseat in this game, but if you so choose to read through the journal entires, the lore of Gloom's story and world is quite rich.My only complaints with the game (though minor) are that item effects aren't displayed in shops or in game, because it got a bit annoying having to open the journal and look up item descriptions every time I came across a pick up in-game. I would have also loved to see a few more enemies types in the game, just to keep the challenge going.In any case, If the game looks at all interesting to you, I definitely recommend giving it a go. The sole focus on combat might perhaps make the game seem easier to complete in comparison to other roguelikes, but Gloom is a fun, fluid, and rewarding experience nonetheless. Its been recently updated to include more weapons and items, as well as a new boss and ending too!"
76561198150324183,Recommended,619280,32212552,Posted: 5 June,all,Sheeet...,"Just finished this game and theres a ton more to explore! The bleak but intruiging setting that this game takes place in is only reinforced by the mysterious, insightful, and powerful items you collect as you manage to survive through hoards of shadowy ominous figures. The minimalist art leaves a lot more room for interperetation and fuels the players' imagination as they transport themselves throught  strange sights and difficult battles. The mechanics are very simple yet solid and the endurance bar forces the player to be careful as well as gracefull if they hope to survive. This game exceeded any expectations I had when I bought it and is the only game ive played so far that has neared the essence of Bloodborne while being entirely different from it at the same time. It is a solid composition of a game and the developers should be very proud of themselves. (I'll keep my eyes peeled for whatever else you have to offer)."
76561198100660897,Recommended,619280,32207083,Posted: 5 June,all,Shredder664,"This game is really fun.  While I've never played Bloodborne, I have seen a decent amount of gameplay and have played the Souls series extensively. Due to its darker nature, increased speed and overall mechanics (you can parry and dodge, but also have a gun), the game feels more like a boiled down, pixelated Bloodborne than a Dark Souls game. It is still extremely fun and enjoyable either way. If you find games at the ""Dark Souls level of difficulty"" enjoyable or easy, then this game is for you.Pros:- Mechanics are failry solid (fights require wits and patience for openings)- Fairly unique art style (""Limbo""-like)- Difficulty and story is told similarly to souls/bloodborne (is admitably easier than this series though)Cons:- While levels and bosses are randomized, it is only to a certain extent (can become a little bland due to the game's simplicity)- Story and game is relatively short; someone who plays it correctly and is conservative in their gameplay style (not overly aggressive) can beat the ""normal"" game in approx. 20 min, and the ""advanced"" ending in approx. 30 min.- One difficulty/no new game plus (current difficulty is fine, fun and, challenging; but there's no incentive to replay)"
,Recommended,619280,31281814,Posted: 21 April,all,Cunning Fox,"As a noob to the genre this game really surpassed my expectations. The game is hard but at the same time fair and ""supportive"". The enemies are well designed, the lore is very intriguing and I really like the atmosphere created by the music and artstyle.This game really makes you wanna say ""ahh..one more go"" even though you promised yourself to quit 2 hours ago.HIGHLY recommended."
,Recommended,619280,31227362,Posted: 18 April,all,Serenis,"gameplay is extremely crisp. music is outstanding. difficulty is high, but fair. really solid experience so far. An hour in and I can't think of a bad thing to say.except maybe add a few user-defined tags so like minded peeps can find this game, ""difficult"". ""rogue-like"" etc. Also keys are re-bindable and you can use the left thumb stick. Just to clear that up."
76561198035353425,Recommended,619280,31125652,Posted: 13 April,all,ProfessorElsaesser,"Another dark souls homage. Difficult 2D Platformer with some rogue-lite elements. Perma death. Random Items that you soon come to recognize. Managing stamina is crucial. Learning enemy attacks. Don't forget to ROLL! Right now the game is in pretty good shape. Haven't made it very far due to the diffuculty and RNG, but I don't think you'd buy this game without those expectations."
76561198039953527,Recommended,619280,32927179,Posted: 28 June,all,Schwarzn,"The closest comparison that I can think of for this game is bite-sized Bloodborne. The lore is just as eccletic and the atmosphere is as similar as it can be in a 2d space. There are only a few areas and you can't really explore them as the game does not allow you to backtrack once you've advanced a screen, but the reply value is high in my opinion.It does not take long to ""beat"" the game as I bought it 2 hours before this review and have already beaten the final boss,. It's not the longest game out there, but the fun comes from the rouge-lite elements and replayability.Definitely worth the price in my opinion."
,Recommended,619280,31273359,Posted: 21 April,all,Sasky,"I did a short video review of this game here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8vgID3t2L4It's a really challenging game and initially frustrating, but with the recent patch it is now a lot less frustrating (but still quite challenging). Highly recommended for people who enjoy games like Dark Souls and Hollow Knight."
,Recommended,619280,31130616,Posted: 14 April,all,SidAlpha,"********** UPDATE***********https://youtu.be/r-_R7Hi1I0MDue to circumstances of a misunderstanding on my part that led to a very vitriolic video I have agreed to re-review the game. I will be leaving the original review below, but here is my current opinion of the game:As far as Rogue-Lites goes Gloom does a fantastic job of being tough but fair with it's difficulty and it's controls (with rebindable keys) being very intuitive and easy to pick up.However, the controls themselves are a bit sluggish and I am not a fan of the graphical aesthetic at all. Throw in permadeath, a game mechanic that I do not enjoy whatsoever, and I found this game to be frustrating and not very enjoyable.... and yet from an objective standpoint I can still agree that Gloom IS a good game.For what it is attempting to accomplish it does so very well and for fans of the genre, this will be a very enjoyable game. Unfortunately I will not be one of those that will enjoy it.********************Original Review:https://youtu.be/BLeOrLej23EGloom drew me in by a fairly well done trailer. Unfortunately the realities of the game did not live up to expectation. The core mechanics are solid, but the lack of mouse support for even the options menu made the game a chore to deal with even in that regard. Also the keymapping, while reasonably standard for this genre of title, lacked rebindable keys and the controller support was laughable. Forcing you to use the D-Pad instead of the better positioned and more familiar thumbstick. Also, this game had no persistent levelling that I was able to determine during my First Impressions Review.The controls are clunky and I value my time more than to play a perma-death game with no persistence. While fans of that style of game might possibly enjoy this, I felt I could not in good conscience give it my recommendation."
,Not Recommended,619280,31350570,Posted: 24 April,all,Ferret Poop,"This game is great but it's controls aren't tight enough. As it stands taking actions quickly in succession feel delayed and clunky. For example, it's difficult to time the controls to properly attack after jumping. There needs to be attack cancelling and visa versa, things that make games like Tower Fall Ascension such a great 2D brawler, that actions are responsive and feel ""right"". Also hitboxes are wonky IMO.In short, some of the games extreme difficulty is derived not from lack of skill, but from less than ideal implementation/mechanics.Problems that need to be fixed for this to get a +1:* Clunky controls* Jump or attack cancelling* Fire hitbox is huge, meaning you get burned without really being in the fire* Enemy hitboxes are huge, making jumping over them sometimes too difficult if not timed perfectlyOtherwise the game is fun, the enemies are interesting and surmountable, the items are not insanely overpowered or underpowered, and the blending of popular rogue-like themes is a success! Needs to be tightened up though before it's anything more than a frustrating missed opportunity."
76561198015172420,Recommended,619280,31264666,Posted: 20 April,all,artofwar,"This is a combat focused game with minor rogue lite elements.  The combat itself is tough but fair, and it actually becomes quite easy when you know the enemy patterns and have a good build.  This provides the player with a nice feeling of earned mastery - which is great because this game really is just about the combat.  There is no real exploration beyond just moving straight ahead in the dungeon, and upon every victory or defeat the player will begin in the exact same position upon restarting (with the exception of accruing tokens which can be spent to generate random items).For what the game attempts to be, I think it succeeds admirably.  My only complaint is that the game is short:  I collected all items and beat the true boss of the game in about 6 hours.  For experienced players, each run will take only about 13 minutes or less.Still, it's an enjoyable experience, and I plan to keep playing until I get the last few achievements."
76561198197637970,Recommended,619280,31284245,Posted: 21 April,all,alexjohnh,"Gloom seems to be a pretty fun game. If you like Dark Souls or Bloodborn, you might like this. just be ready to do some trail and error"
76561198017725615,Recommended,619280,31179480,Posted: 16 April,all,riot132,"Good combat mechanics consisting of slicing, thrusting, dodging and blocking, and shooting (somewhat Bloodborne like) in a good compelling world. Good item and a variety of weapons which you can use when you encounter it in the run, rogue like style.Cons, non rebindable keys."
,Recommended,619280,32905109,Posted: 27 June,all,ejdittus,"Yet another ""Souls-like"" game to sedate the Soulsborne community. Imagine an indie, procedurally generated, side-scrolling, grayscale Bloodborne and you have Gloom.You will like this game if...-You are a Soulsborne enthusiast (espcially Bloodborne)-You are a side-scrolling RPG enthusiast-You like a challenge-You like indie games-You like procedurally generated games-You like a good soundtrack for your gamesIf two or more of these tickle your fancy, I'd say this game is for you, especially if you like a challenge. I don't really like to label games as ""Souls-like"", as it's an unfair comparison to both parties, but that seems to be the best way to describe these types of games without going too much into detail. I would say that Gloom is more of a ""Borne-like"" rather than ""Souls-like"" due to Gloom's fast-paced combat and Lovecraftian themes. With no legitimate leads on Bloodborne 2, this is a refreshing alternative. Very addicting and loads of fun."
76561198022472972,Recommended,619280,35178780,Posted: 24 September,all,Caederis,"The atmosphere of this game is very subtle but really incredible once you get into it. A very nice experience, don't expect more than a few hours of gameplay unless you want to go for every achievements, but these were very enjoyable hours. The latest (free!) patch adds more monsters, items and endings, and was enough to get me to play this great game again."
,Recommended,619280,32739267,Posted: 24 June,all,xander,"I love this game. I found remapping the controls on my controller helped a lot. Its nice to have that option. I set it up more like Dead Cells. Even though I'm really comfortable with the souls series, something about pushing right bumper to attack in a side scroller feels odd.This game is like souls and bloodborne, but rogue like, which is probably obvious. How great it is is not obvious though from the start. Its important to stick with the game for more than 10 minutes. The simple feel of the combat starts to grow on you, and seeing the little changes in the world each time you start over is surprisingly rewarding.I'm personally usually not a fan of roguelikes though, and I wish the game just had a bonfire like continued progression like the souls series, but that's not really what its going for. Its just a personal preference.Awesome game. I'd definitely recommend it."
76561197995669628,Recommended,619280,34622258,Posted: 30 August,all,Sorokonojka,"Gloomis a very odd side-scroller that takes ideas from the roque-like and souls-like genre. The game has permadeath, procedural generating and stamina based combat system. There is essentially no platforming gameplay unless you count jumping over enemies. Most of the time you are engaged in a simple combat with a heavy emphasis on reflexes. Since you basically lose your progress upon death, you can't really beat the game by grinding. The complexity of the game comes not from combat but from managing resources. Unless you are really good at timing, your progress will often depend on which artifacts game will generate ( aka luck factor ) Overall I think it is very solid game for $5 unless you expect complex combat mechanics.Pros:+ Fair difficulty. Challenging but not overwhelming.+ Lots of different enemies. Each stage seems to have one of 3 bosses.+ Many melee and ranged weapons that scale of different stats.+ You can't overcome the game by grinding. Although there is a big luck factor.+ Decent animation and design of the world in general.+ Secrets and fun achievements.+ Huge variety of artifacts that change how you play.+ Combat system is simple but mechanics work well enoughPerhaps my favorite part is the risk vs reward resource management where you have to carefully consider the possibilities. For example, you can trade some of your life for a random item which depending on your life could be a smart decision. You could spend your gold on a decent item but what if you get the better item later and have no gold for it? These kinds of small decisions is where the meat of the game really is.Cons:- Weak level design. Basically, straight linear cubes arranged in a different pattern. The only differences are enemies and backgrounds.- Not a lot of stages. As far as I can tell there are 3 levels and few arena like places ( although I have not discovered everything )- I liked the music but you have to understand that you will likely replay level one 100 times with same song XD. There should be like 3 songs for each stage- Procedural generation does not add a lot of relevant content. The best part about it is different bosses.- Artifacts have no description until you pick them up. So you likely suck at the game until you know what they do.- Luck factor can be fun but sometimes the game just screws you over by not giving you anything good.- Balancing between weapons is not great. Your starting weapons are a lot more reliable than some of the weapons that cost money.It is worth noting that Gloom is a very self-aware game with a consistent tone. The art-style, music, and lore complement each other. However, I find the lore of the game rather weak because you do not get much of the story unless you read item descriptions. Aside from town area there really isn't much going on during actual gameplay that would add context to the plot.Final Thoughts 7.5/10Gloom is built around learning from your mistakes. This is a game where you will likely play the first few stages 50 times or more. Until you get good at fighting you will be at the mercy of procedural generation that may or may not screw you over with bad drops. It does not seem like a long game but there are enough random content and secrets. I think it is a good purchase for $5 but it really depends if you like repetition and coin flip outcome."
,Not Recommended,619280,31889943,Posted: 21 May,all,Spyder,"i cannot stand this game personally, i can see the appeal but the sidescrolling room-by-room encounters feel pretty stale, the controls are janky and awkward to rebind, the stamina system feels crippling most of the time as by the start of a run you can get off 1 sword combo and a roll before you have to walk about waitiing for it to regen, and the fact you cant go back to previous rooms is infuriating, especially when you find 2 shops near one another.again if you feel put off by this review go read some others, this might just be a personal bad experience with the game as it has mostly positive feedback but it just is not for me."
,Recommended,619280,32216769,Posted: 6 June,all,Pony Power,"I loved the trailer and took a chance and here I am 13 hours later, thought I beat it and found everything but there's still more. I am thoroughly enjoying this game; kudos to the indie dev that made this. Would love an expansion but well worth the ten bucks its asking for."
76561198088425819,Recommended,619280,31446335,Posted: 29 April,all,minhkhoadang,"Lost interest in gaming for a while, until I saw this game. Liked it, liked the jump buff (classic megaman fan). Awesome music, seriously the soundtrack of this game deserves some actual recording."
76561198196423247,Recommended,619280,34616897,Posted: 30 August,all,Not Pinocchio,"one of the best games i have played so far, amazing music, gameplay is difficult and fun, and the lore is just breathtaking.huge props to the developers of this masterpiece of a game."
,Recommended,619280,31145272,Posted: 14 April,all,Frosted,Very challenging  but very fun would recommend a game pad though
,Not Recommended,619280,34897921,Posted: 12 September,all,malaisling,"It's basically an overpriced low end Rogue-like with almost no content.There are three areas to the game, and then the final boss. The art and animations are nice, but the maps are literally just box rooms with the exact same background on each per map type. There's no diversity, it's just go right and kill things. Even the story is uncreative and generally amateurish, it's barely even told to the player but these days poor plot telling has become a trend.The combat is awkward and the enemies are overbearing. Players can only dodge or parry, dodging takes ridiculous amounts of stamina, and dodging and parrying cannot be used while the players attack frames are active at all. Players must wait until the attack frame comes to a complete stop, before they can dodge or parry. Parrying requires players to know the enemies moveset and animations for it to be plausible and even then it's luck influenced. It makes the combat clunky and unreactive despite how much the gameplay demands reactivity. The enemies get more ridiculous as the game goes on, and many just spawn massive shockwaves three times the size of their attack or spawn damage fields which make the map even smaller. The enemies themselves all follow the exact same patterns which makes fighting them the exact same thing everytime.The game is difficult until you realize that the enemies each have one pattern, and that the combat is borderline unplayable if you try to be aggressive. Fighting is mostly about reacting to the enemy and killing it using the exact counter to its pattern. The enemies only become difficult when multiple of them are in a room, at which point it either becomes impossible to avoid damage or it's random.There are barely any items in the game and they all have very simple and uninteresting effects, generally the goal is to get the items that give the player the most autonomous healing, damage, and orbling spawns. While there are a couple unique weapons, players only have one actual attack which has a combo of two to three animations. Furthermore, slow weapons are pointless to use because they fail in both ways that the combat already fails. It takes forever to recover from the swing animation, so it takes forever to be able to dodge or parry again, and it takes up huge amounts of stamina so you have less to dodge with.The amount of bosses per map type is at least alright, although having to watch their opening cutscene everytime is shortsighted, obnoxious and lazy of the developer. Beyond that, the gambling machines in the game are not even worth using because they pay out for so little that just; why bother. The health potions are random, usually they heal a small amount, sometimes they heal nothing, sometimes they heal for full. So if you don't get a good roll on your basic game mechanic, well then that's your problem. Hense why being able to heal autonomously is so vital.When the player completes the three maps and beats the sub-final boss, they then get sentenced to fight in a bunch of pointless and arbitrary arena battles against swarms of enemies and bosses all without any chance to heal and then they immediately have to fight the final boss. It's almost like; the developer couldn't come up with a real way to make the game difficult so they just teleport players to a few arena gauntlets then throw them into the final boss. Since if the player beats the game they likely won't need to play it anymore since it has no replay value, so just artificially stop them from winning.More then the average Rogue-like, winning relies on the game and not the player. Getting the exact meta items to sustain the player, getting a good fast weapon. The weapons aren't very great until you upgrade them, but you aren't guarenteed to get an upgrade material. The only way you can is by purchasing it from the hub merchant, but the currency is only acquired through playing and you only get the guarenteed drop once. This applies to purchasing a free weapon, gun or item as well to start your run off. It is extremely important because without that extra start, it's so much harder to scrape up the items you need to survive naturally. If the game generates a slow weapon as your random start, well then give up. And if you run out of currency, you just have to grind more from the game in playthroughs that you likely won't win.To reach the very final boss and win, players have to; beat the preliminary final boss, beat three wave gauntlets of enemies and bosses, beat the final boss, beat the second form of the final boss, then beat the first, second and third form of the very final boss. All without healing, or getting any reprieve.That's just, trash game design honestly. All it does is discourage me from playing again because I know I have to wade through a huge, exhausting and unfair boss rush just to simply beat the game.  And this is every single attempt at winning you need to fight around eight bosses in a row, including those spawned during the wave gauntlets, without healing once.And by the way the item you need to be able to access the very final boss at all, is one you need to purchase from the hub merchant using currency before the run. So it's possible to run out of currency and have to grind for more to be able to attempt the final boss again.As a whole; the game has almost no content, what content is there is extremely basic, the combat is so awkward players need to exclusively be defensive to even survive, the enemies are all just patterns, there's blatant meta needed to even win, and winning highly depends on having a good start which is both random and requires currency you need to grind for, the final challenge of the game is a stupidly difficult boss rush designed to stop players from beating the game.Not worth this price at all. It only took three hours of attempts to reach the final boss, and most of that was losing over and over before realizing every enemy is just a pattern and you can't actually play offensively like you could in any other game. After you figure that out the only challenge is random number generation."
,Not Recommended,619280,35165236,Posted: 23 September,all,Drakensson,"While it succeeds in providing a dark mood and solid combat system, the ugly visuals are not worth the price. Maximum 3 dollars would be suitable. To me personally, the desperate need to copy Dark Souls and be as much like it, is a late trend I am very much against and it just comes off as a cringy attemptSCORE: 5/10"
,Recommended,619280,31538816,Posted: 4 May,all,Lane,"A black and white pixelated rogue-like, a hint of Dark Souls with an aroma of Limbo, finishes with an after taste of FTL. It's $10 because the game is safe."
