user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,623090,34967453,Posted: 15 September,all,GDUBMX,"so happy to finally have this on PC. Was one of my all time favourite games from the last generation. Such an underated gem, with an absolute ton of content and customizations. Honestly, any off road enthusiast like myself must own this!! :D Thank you Blitworks for the port!Honestly for the price i paid 19.99 gbp, its well worth the money. for the amount of content you get and things to do, compared to games of nowadays its great value for money"
,Recommended,623090,34959674,Posted: 14 September,all,tictac?!,don't try playing this gem without a controller. if you have a wheel that isn't logitech's newest flagship you're out of luck with the abysmal keybinding
,Recommended,623090,34988094,Posted: 15 September,all,King Megascience,"Baja, Baja, Baja, Baja, mushroom, mushroom!What an interesting game.Here, I'm analysing the game based on the current racing game landscape. I never played this back in the day, so I have no nostalgia factor here.PROS:- Reminds me of the Motorstorm days- Some of the best car - environment physics interactions I've seen in a game- Wide variety of vehicles- Upgrading system that isn't too detailed, but is detailed enough to be interesting- Tuning and upgrading that has a meaningful effect on car handling (different people will have preferences, there is no 'best' tuning setup)- Complex parts damage simulation, from the radiator to the oil pan- Can call a helicopter to come repair you on long-distance races- AI that makes mistakes in a believable manner- HD texture work adds a ton of atmosphere- Three hour long race across all the maps in the game combined- Have to fight with the car to keep it on track (if you're used to road racing like I am, you have to re-learn how to appraise corners and jumps)- Local split screen, online multiplayer- Cheatcodes, because fun is more important than achievements- Can shove small buggies around when driving a big truckCONS:- Mediocre visual damage model (no dirt/mud on car, no denting)- Some of the worst car - car physics interactions I've seen in a game (if you bump into another car, you can get locked into drifting TOWARDS the other car until you clip through it) [EDIT: This happened to me lot more with the first two vehicle classes than it does the later ones]- Terrible sound mixing (volume of car engine is insanely loud when in hoodcam)- Very dated music- Awful keyboard control mapping (once you remap the controls so that you can play the game, navigating the menus is a nightmare)- Strange, jarring holdovers from arcade racing (for example, when you cut a corner, you don't get docked time like you do in real life - you get reset onto the track)- AI can get so obsessed with its own racing line that it absolutely refuses to overtake you, and just bumps you up the butt until you crash- This is probably the biggest one for me: You cannot damage your car to the point where it stops working. 200km/h into a tree? Whoops, flat tire.This game is, essentially, a more grounded Motorstorm 1 with far better environmental interactions, and far worse car to car contact. It's really growing on me, but you have to be a specific sort of person to find the diamond in the rough. Get it on sale for USD$20 or less. Or maybe $23, like it is at the time of this review.EDIT: Here's a couple of things I've found. 1) The '160 vehicles' thing is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The game counts each different vehicle paintjob as a vehicle. There's still a nice variety of vehicles, though. 2) It only gets more fun the further in you progress. If you're like me, and you just want to race without the stress of needing to come first to progress the career, just input 'SHOWTIME' into the top right of the configuration tool. Bam! Unlock everything."
,Recommended,623090,35012195,Posted: 16 September,all,HaraDaya,"Fantastic mix of arcade racing with sim details. Sort of a thinking man's racer.It's main draw from other racers is the almost openworld nature of the circuits and tracks, circuits spanning 2-4 miles. The average circuit race has your multiple lap head-to-head. 5-8 minute rallies. And my favorite, the 1-4 hour Baja races.Normally that would sound dreadful. But it features a wear&tear damage system. You have to manage how you drive throughout a race.Brake too much and you might wear them out before the end of the race. Clutch kick too often and eventually lose acceleration power.Drive too aggressively with powerslides, high RPM, and lots of jumps and bumps, and your suspension, tires, and engine can each be victim. All the types progressively worsening the performance of your car in different ways. Forcing you to stop to use your limited spare wheels, or call in a chopper for system repairs.But, if you have a preferred driving style, you spend your credits on upgrading the parts most affected by the style, and fine tuning the various parts of the vehicle.Steering wheels are supported, but force feedback is lacking even constant resistance, making it really hard to steer. It's very much designed around a controller, and shouldn't be played without one.Watch out for this one in sales. It's current 30€ tag is way too high for anyone but those who immediately know they're in the niche for it.I should also add that this isn't a great PC port feature-wise. It uses a custom launcher to set all the PC specific settings, and it has at least at launch had issues working. But once the actual game starts I've noticed no issues. And 120 fps no problem."
76561197967304590,Recommended,623090,34992516,Posted: 16 September,all,Venatos,"still tons of fun! i never realiced how much i missed this feeling of ""offroad"" racing.awesome physics and vehicle wear and tear. (pretty close to realistic but mostly awesome and fun)it says a lot that 9 years after its initial release it still stands strong.im only a few hours into the career, my most awesome race this far was a 4 lap race, where i had to stop at the repairbox twice and stop at the roadside once to fix 2 blownout tires from a fumbled jump.this should give you a rough idea how neckbreakingly intense these tracks can be.even at 30€ it gets a recommendation from me, its a known awesome game with good amounts of content in an incredibly sparse genre, so you know what you gonna get.just keep in mind its a consoleport of a 9year old game for the xbox360. it plays awesome at 1080p with a xbox controller. you want anything special? it might do that too, but dont expect it."
76561197970538156,Recommended,623090,35046987,Posted: 18 September,all,plasmajam,"I rate this game Very, Very Positive. I acknowledge it's lackluster racing wheel support and thanks to previous reviewers' ""head's up"" I was not at all surprised when my old MS FFB Sidewinder wheel wasn't recognised during controller set up. Howevever, the controller I used (XBox gamepad) worked flawlessly. In fact, I would say the lack of racing wheel support is now a non-issue for Baja:EoC...I don't believe I said that...especially since I HATE the lack of fine control in steering when I use a gamepad. I was able to weave through opponents with precision. Very surprising. Gameplay is exciting and realistic...the AI opponents have a temper and I don't get away with much during a heated race. Multiplayer (split screen) worked without an issue. The black line (bug?) cutting off your upper field of view when in cockpit, as mentioned by another reviewer, is still there, but I switched to another view without an issue. If it's a bug, they need to fix it. Graphics are clean and crisp, framerate with a GTX970 hovers around 120fps with all the bells and whistles on ""high"". Sound is great and allows me to hear when an opponent is catching up and on what side of me he is on.Overall, as a fan of Mickey Thompson(R) and his spectacular off-road events, I would say, ""Drop whatever you are doing and buy it"".Parting thoughts: Baja:EoC is the best off-roading game I have played. Controller (or lack of) support is a non-issue; and believe me, I would have returned it, if I couldn't control it. Any off-roader worth his/her salt will enjoy it. You can play it on one PC with friends. AI is smart, but they believe in ""an eye for an eye"". No crashes in 17.4 hours on my PC.EDIT: With over 30 hours in this game, I feel I must double-down on my review after a whole lot of races (solo). This game really satisfies my off-road racing bug, with the majority of races won and lost by a margin of mere ""feet"" (or meters). My opponents definitely have a temper and will use the track to their advantage. Is the bug regarding the partial black screen gone? I haven't noticed it for a few days, now. My only complaint would be, when changing views from external to the cockpit (driver 1st person), the sound of the engine is way louder than from the outside view...either raise the sound externally or bring the cockpit noise down a wee bit. That's the only thing I can think of...not a deal breaker, at all. The driveable area is mind-boggling...I can drive to points far into the horizon...kudos to all that were involved in creating this game. Thank you.In closing...I'll say it again...any off-road enthusiast worth his or her salt needs to experience this game. You can always return it, but I bet you won't after a few races. Take a trophy truck out for a test drive...listen to the engine and watch it eat up the road/track/trail."
76561198173872695,Recommended,623090,35075961,Posted: 19 September,all,PieceKeeper,"I'm recommending this because it seems devs are watching the forums and intend on patching the game to fix issues that people are having. Wheel setup is hit and miss at best at the moment. If it becomes apparent that the game isn't supported I'll change my review.Great physics and tense racing, all the good fun of the original seems to be intact, plus the bump in FPS from the 360 really makes a ton of difference in dynamics and just how lively the racing feels and I cannot wait to tear up some silt in online games, which I could never really do on the consoles.One thing I discovered is that you really have to launch it from steam to use the launcher, otherwise you won't get to configure anything at all. Yes, I still put shortcuts on my desktop and enjoy using them, provided they don't bypass crucial content like video options and controls....Also the config I input in the launcher doesn't seem to save.Searching for a multiplayer game is like firing a flare down a blackhole but that's alright that's how it was in the original. Would've been nice to have just a list of games available and filter to taste but that list would've probably been empty anyways. Steam will make it easier to organize some games, and if the modding community is strong, then this remake could become something very interesting.Regarding multiplayer, a big disappointment is that online Rally and Baja races and limited to 6 slots, while you can have 16 players in circuit races. Even if that's how the original was (never could find enough players to do long races but still) this should've been improved. I don't see a good reason for this limit apart from stragglers and trolls preventing the end of stages but even then we can kick them. People who take part in 3 hour races don't ♥♥♥♥ around when it's time to manage the playing field.Overall 7/10. Unless you already know you want it, wait for a sale. It's still the great game it was but man oh man I hope they kick it into a higher gear with simple features and don't resort to fixing a few bugs and ghosting.Modding this one could go a long way, but I'd be surprised if modders can edit stuff like how many players can join a baja 1000. Because then the real fun could begin."
,Recommended,623090,34960532,Posted: 14 September,all,Know won,"This is a solid game, with absolutely no clutter. Get it and race without any distractions."
,Recommended,623090,35009197,Posted: 16 September,all,Daza_NZ,"Dont judge some of the screenshot graphics. This game is very fun and way more fun that buggy racing in the Dirt series. There is a good amount of varied tracks and terrain. Its best to play in Simulation mode and it can be hard to keep your vehicle on the track. Plenty of vehicles to choose from. There is variety of things that can get damaged and you can toggle a view of the gauges for those on the side of the screen. The hill climbs are brutal and fun.The negatives would be; Some cars in cockpit view (where you are basically looking over the bonnet) have a roof that flex and bob right in your view and is very annoying. Not all cars are like this in this view mode. But they need to address this because it ruins the fun, however at least you can switch to just the view with your rpm gauge etc on the screen when its like this.Sometimes loading the game the controller is not detected and you have to quit and reload the game again to detect it.The VO for an overview of a race series or mode is on the quiet side.The long races are broken up into 20-30min stages, would prefer just one long race. I guess the plus is if you get too far behind in the next stage everyone starts together again.So in conclusion graphics wise it feels a little dated, but the gameplay is very good and very fun. Just need some polishing as mentioned as well as adding proper wheel support. Im surprised they didnt get that sorted before launch. But very playable with controller."
76561197996610226,Recommended,623090,35030235,Posted: 17 September,all,lei07,"Please note: I only found out that the game existed when the announcement for this HD version was made. As such, this review is free of nostalgia goggles.A Hardcore version of Motorstorm on PC, with really, really, really, really long tracks.Great first impression, been after a endurance offroad racer for a while. As a avid fan of Dirt Rally and RBR something like this is a nice compliment to the homologated rallying scene.I wanted a pad game, I dig out my G27 for the aforementioned titles of course, and it plays great. The seemingly awkward looking controls actually feel pretty natural, making use of the right stick as the gear shift. It took maybe... 30 seconds to get the feel of that? Will need to give the wheel a spin.The various buggies feel like they have a decent weight, and playing on simulation physics with full damage is great fun. Definitely the only way to play: put up the realism settings and cater the AI to your needs, and have at it. Don't expect RBR/DR level of physics here, but it feels decent all the same.Tracks are great. Expansive, variable, ready to bite you in the rear end at a moments notice. You'll need to have a care if you're playing as ""real"" as possible, engine management and limiting/negating damage as much as possible will be key to making decent headway. Don't expect to be able to ""learn"" these tracks, unless you have a damn GPS system in your head.Sure there a couple of bugs that need fixing, and maybe some tweaks to be made (keeping your default/preferred view would be a nice one), but for that Motorstorm like feel, on huge tracks, with damage management and decent enough driving physics that put some ""simulations"" to shame (looking at you, Dirt 4), Baja nails it.Whack up the realism, start up one of the 3-4 hour races, and enjoy the chaos. Best driving simulation around? No. Worth the money? Hell yeah."
76561198011578618,Recommended,623090,35011965,Posted: 16 September,all,robb,"Some of best off-road physics I've ever played. The driving model is a lot of fun.Some audio bugs. Hopefully they patch it.Pretty awful control mapping. Please improve.Aside from these few glitches, I love the game. Hours of fun, and a value at 25 bucks."
,Not Recommended,623090,34960422,Posted: 14 September,all,AlexanderTheSteak,"This is one of those games I really enjoyed when it first came out,  and it's great on the PC! But I can't really recommend this game until they fix the black bar hood cam bug as well as adding support for 21:9 monitors. There was one bug where I lost control of my buggy and it was just auto accelerating until I quit. Overall, after a few patches it should be good. But until then it stays as unrecommended."
,Recommended,623090,35015629,Posted: 16 September,all,Lito,"I played the original title when it came out back in 2008, it was a lot of fun playing it after school with my friends, we used to gather at my house, select a baja 1000 and pass the control around, a single race could take us more than an hour to complete.I bought this game out of sentimental value and it's been fun. Having said that, it's not a game that most people would enjoy, the mechanics are mediocre and the graphics were bad to begin with back when it first came out. If you are a Baja enthusiast is cool to see the Baja peninsula and few of the race teams represented but other than that stay clear.If you want to experience real suspension work download Spin Tires and install some mods."
76561198008818553,Recommended,623090,35094519,Posted: 20 September,all,Slim Pickens,"I'll leave a better review later because I'm too busy playing this...it's just too fun.  This is a comment I posted as a thank you to the developers.  And besides, all of the positive reviews already posted speak for themselves.  It's really good.Having never played the original and just browsing the new release section, I thought this looked interesting since I'm a Rally fan. You know, Richard Burns Rally with its mods, Dirt Rally, WRC, Sebastion Loeb Evo, etc.. This isn't far from that genre, although I really dislike Rallycross and this does play along those lines. What interests me about this form of racing is the endurance aspect and the fact the outdoors play a key role in the experience just like Rally.If you're reading this, considering a purchase and have read some of the negative reviews like I did, then just overlook those bad reviews and jump in. There is MUCH more beneath the surface of this than any of the reviews I've read.I'm really shocked at how good this is and the amount of content and customization features available. The AI are ruthless and human-like, even on easy settings.Absolutely worth every penny and most importantly....it's FUN!"
,Recommended,623090,35024497,Posted: 17 September,all,PythonTN,"pretty fun for the price, wish was enuff players to play online multiplayer.."
,Recommended,623090,35093798,Posted: 20 September,all,GameLord,Great game... reminds me for good old Beetle Crazy Cup in some aspect. Some bugs already fixed since release.
76561198146058814,Recommended,623090,35099165,Posted: 21 September,all,☢ikaika sparten☢,"First of all i really love this game, second of all its an HD remaster of an already good game. But WTF are keyboard controls pls fix i dont have a controller"
76561198048690467,Recommended,623090,34981657,Posted: 15 September,all,SnowHazard,"Great game, a controller is highly recomended though"
76561198097860962,Recommended,623090,35001267,Posted: 16 September,all,MechanicalBox,"this game is old.UI feels like it was dumped on pc rather then ported.you can sense the xbox360 preference+ fun. heard of spintires? its kinda like that but without the whole"" i got stuck in the mud and im lost in woods and now its night **** ""and replace that with"" OH **** im flying away im a BIRD NOW take that ground ""- the ground is clingy= you have a spare tire, you will need it.+ some cars have 2 spares. spares can fall off during crashes.- the trees are gandalf (just like every game ever)+ desert. suck it trees+ feels good to play, use monentum. lift gas for stablilty. everthing is rwd, rear will try to pass the front if you use too mush power.+ off road foza- its foza motorsport 2- you need a contorller.(360 /xboxone / ps4/ whatever)+ -20% day 1- 21x9 dosent work yet= eazy to run+ fps smooth, 30, 60, 75 Hz+ all textures are okay.  its not bad.$ steam workshop would do wounders for this.? mods plz? jimco tuck 02 has no interiori have noticed some vehicles in the stock section are not availble for purchase.1 in baja bugimperail steel co, 2 seat with roof lights1 in open wheelkeydar racing, 2 spare tires and roof lights2 in fullsize truckflying dutchamn racing, a chevy with wacky roof lightskupiec racing, a TROPHY TRUCK1 in class onewide open baja, a VW unlimtedthe bouns class, all of iti would buy themall of these have several skins, excpet the kupieci love this game, i cant get enough of then menu musici had this game on 360, it looks much better now"
76561198009394747,Recommended,623090,35192932,Posted: 24 September,all,skelerex360,frame problems with gtx 860m :(
76561198043639506,Not Recommended,623090,34971141,Posted: 15 September,all,Wiffie the Pigg,"The game is great fun, and I will personally greatly enjoy it. But, it is a decade old game, and at the $30US price point, it is simply impossible to recommend. Especially when I remember picking it up used in like 2010 for $20AU"
,Not Recommended,623090,34981959,Posted: 15 September,all,Quackman,"My keyboard is not working with it and i cant get a controller to connect.With keyboard j and k are to select and drive if u use controller setup 3, and arrows to navigate menus and steer. They need keyboard and mouse support.Still enjoyable though, after hours of struggle.Not going to change review until keyboard and mouse support.-edit: No reset keybinding option and now i cannot play."
76561198325336311,Not Recommended,623090,35010580,Posted: 16 September,all,JumpTheShark,This is a ♥♥♥♥ing disgrace. I play this game as a kid and it was the most fun I had as a kid I got songs from the game and everything this game isn't operational DO NOT BUY THIS wait a while a month at the least for patches and then check in. The game doesn't allow controller support keyboards dont work. Lets all be happy steam has a refund option. Once again DO NOT BUY
,Recommended,623090,35215361,Posted: 25 September,all,manuelvalencia1992,"These game its great, the way you progress on career with different classes its very nice, you can buy parts for your car from engine blocks, brakes, tires, cooler, suspension, etc to have better performance on races, it would be very nice to have a workshop or add ons and upload more variety of updated offroad cars, roads or something like that it would be insane."
,Recommended,623090,35138273,Posted: 22 September,all,Plumber boy's worst nightmare,"A great HD blast from the past! I used to have this game for my PS3, but I lost it while I was moving houses. I been dying to play it for 10 years now, and seeing it get an HD re-relased really suprised me!Just because this game is from about 9 years ago doesn't make it any less great! The game holds up VERY well over the years, especually in the physics department. The physics are far better than many racing games out today!Pros:-Amazing physics-Decent graphics for an early PS3 game-Long rally races-A good amount of tracks and enviroments-Good selection of vehicles-4 player split screen (which no other racing game today has)Cons:-Can get boring and repeditive after a while-Soundtrack is lackluster-Enviroments are kinda small-Not much vehicle customization-Wheel support isn't that goodI highly reccomend this game to any offroad racing fans. You will not be dissapointed!"
