user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198033122799,Recommended,623940,34954466,Posted: 14 September,all,Bertie ♌ (Discord),Homestuck has ruined my life.
,Recommended,623940,34955456,Posted: 14 September,all,Fantse Rishea,[S] Fandom: Wake Up
,Recommended,623940,34954719,Posted: 14 September,all,Gаmеr,Now you can sell your soul to Hussie on Steam!
,Recommended,623940,34955674,Posted: 14 September,all,Butterghost,"I can't, in good faith, recommend the game in its current state due to constant visual artifacts that slowly lead the game to be borderline unplayable (primarily that the entire view of the game will be shifted too far to the left or right).As soon as it gets patched I've got a strong feeling this will change to a positive review.EDIT:Just had confirmation that these issues happen due to the wrong resolution being set when you first launch the game. If you immediately restart the game after changing resolution you wont run into any of these issues. What I didn't realize was also an issue is that if you dont restart the game not only do you get a displaced window but extreme letterboxing."
,Recommended,623940,34954340,Posted: 14 September,all,Karkat Prime,Hella cool game broBro notes:better than sburb
76561198120263461,Recommended,623940,35030780,Posted: 17 September,all,A Well-Disguised Bear,"Alright, so here's the deal. Most of the reviews you'll read on here are going to be people who either just found this game and are wondering what all the fuss is about, or people who've been waiting for this game to come out ever since the Kickstarter launched in 2012, and are just overjoyed to finally play it. I will admit, I belong to the latter group.But if you want an honest review of this game, it's fantastic. The music is beautiful, the animation and artwork is fantastic, and it captures the comedy and storytelling style of Homestuck perfectly, without being completely impenetrable or falling into the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the original story did. Is it more enjoyable if you've read that monstrosity of a webcomic? Yes. Is it still a really good game? Also yes. Hiveswap doesn't limit itself to Homestuck references, but branches into every aspect of the 90s, right down to poorly-disguised cameo posters for Metroid or The Neverending Story.One of the biggest complaints I've seen is that there isn't enough play time to warrant its 8-dollar asking price. And it is certainly true that you *can*beat the game in two-ish hours. You can also spend twice that time and not even clear the house you start out in. It all depends on whether you feel like discovering every hidden dialog line and reaction. When they say you can combine everything with everything, they mean it. Every item can be used on every piece of background and every other item. Pog jokes abound, and there's a shocking amount of story you can discover just by poking around and trying things.tl;dr:If you just want puzzles and nothing else, Hiveswap is not for you. If you want to explore a beautifully drawn and written story with some puzzles and gameplay on top, Hiveswap is a great game. Homestuck not required."
76561198002305031,Recommended,623940,34987052,Posted: 15 September,all,LeeshaJoy,Did not cause a meteorite to land on my house. 0/10
,Recommended,623940,34978413,Posted: 15 September,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡sonic,cons -the combat basically has no purposesome of the cutscenes can look choppythe game does have a few bugsthe minigames can rotpros -literally everything else
76561198078784788,Recommended,623940,35000458,Posted: 16 September,all,mafalda_157,"IT'S HERE!After all the trials and tribulations and sweat and tears, after waiting patiently and not-so-patienty for five (count them: FIVE) whole years for this game, Hiveswap is finally here! And it's actually pretty damn good!IT'S A MODERN DAY MIRACLE!...ahem. Look, it's hard for me to stay calm and collected about this, okay? But putting aside my fangirl bias for the moment, there's no denying that Hiveswap is a success story. It's a fun and enjoyable adventure game that will delight both long-term fans of the Homestuck webcomic and complete newcomers alike.The ArtThe backgrounds. Are. GORGEOUS.My god, they're beautiful. Filled with personality, vibrant colours and a million little fun details, every single backdrop is a joy to behold. I often found myself pausing and simply appreciating the art, trying to take it all in and find any hidden jokes. The character animations were also nice and smooth, with different body language given to each character, and the animated cutscenes looked amazing. All in all a very eye-pleasing experience on all counts.The MusicOF COURSEthe music is good. Let me ask you something, have you ever listened to Homestuck music that wasn't awesome? If you don't actually know the answer to this question, it's ""No I haven't, all Homestuck music ever created is genius, implying Homestuck music can be bad is a paradox unto itself and a punishable offense."" I mean okay, maybe the first couple of tracks are notthatmemorable, but once you get to the strife battle music it's absolute headbangers all around. (I'm seriously kicking myself for not buying the soundtrack edition, if you're reading this DON'T MAKE MY MISTAKE just go for it.)The WritingHussie, you magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you've done it again. You've struck gold. The game is joke after joke after joke, followed by slightly depressing introspection, then followed again by even more jokes, usually of the black humour variety. And it's all done in Homestuck's inimitable signature style, with the meta narration that's speaking directly to you the player, or maybe it's the character's inner narration, or maybe it's the character acknowledging the narrator? Also, puns. If you've read the comic you know EXACTLY what I'm talking about, and you will feel immediately comforted by the familiarity of it all. If youhaven'tread the comic I'm still willing to bet you'll be amused, or at the very least appreciate the unique sense of humour. (and hey if you like the game you can always give homestuck a tryand get irreversibly sucked into the convoluted magnificent epicness of it all and invest all your waking hours to reading it till you're nothing but a former husk of yourselfactually you know what nevermind)Speaking of, Ihaveto mention all those sweet sweet Homestuck references! I was honestly a bit worried about this part, afraid they'd be clumsily shoehorned in just for the sake of fanservice, but nope! They're all subtle and seemingly innocuous, more like a sly wink than an obnoxious honk. The end result is that fans will feel the exciting jolt of recognition that comes from having extra context, while newcomers won't feel alienated and probably won't even notice the reference flying over their heads. (At least until you get to Alternia. Then those who've read the comic will be completely at ease in the familiar environment, and those who haven't will uh.... will be thrust headfirst into a super weird, vaguely disturbing alien world where everyday objects are bug themed and have bizzaro names instead? Have fun with the culture shock!)As for the storyline, since this is only Act 1 the game understandably spends most of its time introducing the world and setting up the pieces, with the mystery behind the plot creating more questions than answers. However where the game truly shines is in the characters. One of Hussie's greatest strengths as a writer is his ability to create memorable lovable characters, and he's worked his magic once again. All the new kids are cute and endearing (Joey isMY SWEET PRECIOUS CHILDand I will love her forever) with their own distinct personalities, and all their interactions with each another are incredibly fun to read. They're definitely worthy additions to the Homestuck pantheon of characters.The GameplayWhen it comes to point-and-click games, Hiveswap is admittedly on the easy side. You will never be stuck with incomprehensible puzzles or need to consult a guide to proceed, and you'll naturally obtain all useful items during normal exploration. You also can't die/fail, so even if you're having trouble with a sequence you can just experiment with your inventory till you get it. And trust me, you reallyreallywant to experiment, because all items can interact in all possible combinations and give funny lines. Let me repeat that:ALL ITEM COMBINATIONS GIVE UNIQUE FUNNY LINES.And I'm not talking about lame variations of ""I can't do that"", I'm talking genuinely funny and long lines, in the writing I praised so much before. I'd honestly argue that reading all these descriptions is the meat of the game, so if you prefer exploration to puzzle-solving in your adventure games this will be right up your alley.To be fair, the game is also on the short side, though I don't think that's a particular downside. After taking my time and going slowly I finished in about 4 hours, which may not sound like a lot but it actually felt good enough for me. There's a ton of content (unless you rush, and why would you?) to go through, and the overall quality plus the cheapness of the price make it hard to complain.So, Should You Buy This Game?If you're homestuck trash like me then you already slammed that purchase button the second it appeared. Enough said.If you're a Homestuck fan who is apprehensive after being burned one too many times, fear not: It's a good game. I mean it's not the second coming of christ or anything so don't get your expectations TOO high, but it's also not some soulless money grab. It's obvious a lot of love and care went into this, and playing it will remind you why you fell in love with the comic in the first place.And if you've never heard of Homestuck and never plan on ever changing that, you absolutely have a place here as well. This is a charming and funny adventure game that will keep you entertained for an evening or two, and you're bound to enjoy it if you're a fan of the genre.To sum up, Hiveswap is a fun game that left me very satisfied, and I'm eagerly awaiting its continuation with Act 2.(though hopefully it won't takeanotherfive years before that happens ha ha.... ha....)"
76561198106159078,Recommended,623940,34963276,Posted: 14 September,all,big bopper,"Super excited for my grandkids to tell me how great act two is gonna be.but really this game is great, i just hope act 2 comes out soon"
,Recommended,623940,35042328,Posted: 18 September,all,Rick Whitechest,"I was in high school and heard about the Homestuck Kickstarter. I was ecstatic. I got into college and remained excited. I graduated college, and remained hopeful. Hiveswap arrived. And all is forgiven.I'm the kind of guy that goes into games exploring and checking everything possible. I've played point-and-click games Venus, where I get disappointed when I'm constantly barraged by the same soundclip of the protagonist saying ""I can't do that"". When I began playing Hiveswap, I was astounded. I got stuck in Joey's room for a full hour. And not because of a puzzle, but from my own volition. I tried every single item and hotspot combination. And I was fascinated by what I read. I became satisfied when I began getting achievements for trying seemingly innocuous combinations, which was super satisfying. After 8 hours, across a couple of days, I managed to finish Act 1. I was extremely satisfied. I even tried my hand at playing the game all over again, this time skipping all the flavor text. It took me around 15 minutes. That's when I realized my first playthrough was exactly how this game is squeezed out of its content.I for one found myself relieved with the change of graphics from 3D to 2D. It feels so much more like Homestuck in that way.The music is just absolutely marvelous. I found myself tapping my foot, my knees, humming along with the music in each room. Even the characters, I gotta say, are a big step up from the source material. Through the constant use of the items and skills in the characters' sylladexes and strife specibi, I got to understand their motivations. Joey's feelings against POGs, Bubsy and her father as well as Xefros' feelings towards his own hobbies and culture.I really can't wait to see what comes next. 5 years of waiting were worth it, at least for me."
76561198119660382,Recommended,623940,34954443,Posted: 14 September,all,TimelessHeir,"Can't believe it's finally out, if you're a homestuck fan chances are you already bought this, but if you haven't you should"
76561198049196386,Recommended,623940,34963430,Posted: 14 September,all,StyxD42,"I can't believe I waited this long for it.And it wasn't terrible. Huh.Seriously though, actually very fun so far. This is definitely a labor of love."
76561198138362714,Recommended,623940,34955203,Posted: 14 September,all,Dead fish,I CAME AS FAST AS I COULD
76561198002026119,Recommended,623940,34954201,Posted: 14 September,all,LadyAnime,January finally came everyone. Good job T_T we did it. aahhhh that sun. also the baby sitter loves wizzaaardds
,Recommended,623940,35056193,Posted: 18 September,all,faeryghost,"Hiveswap Act 1 is short, but very sweet.If you've read or used to read Homestuck, it's pretty much what you'd expect! The writing has that silly charm that is so uniquely Homestuck, and the gameplay is simple but sometimes tricky point-and-click style puzzle solving.If you haven't read or even heard of Homestuck, Hiveswap is a very good introduction to the universe! Homestuck is not the most accessible story on the internet, many people dread the slow paced first act. Hiveswap is much easier to get into. The action starts right away and has a much more focused direction.And hey, if you're on the fence about it, it's pretty cheap and will only take up a few hours of your time. If you end up hating it, then you know the rest won't be for you. But, if you end up liking it, you can join me in looking forward to Act 2!"
,Recommended,623940,35251684,Posted: 27 September,all,jessica [godtier],god it's been a 5 year wait for one act and I can honestly say it's worth ituntil yknow the depths of the homosuck fandom decide to sink their claws into this and we get overrun by incest and weird alien porn again
,Recommended,623940,34962619,Posted: 14 September,all,Big Mike,This made me nut 3 times in 5 minutes.
,Recommended,623940,35020962,Posted: 17 September,all,ywot,"9/10 No ""Retrieve Arms"" gag"
76561198128163488,Recommended,623940,35021786,Posted: 17 September,all,Rook,"The ONLY point and click adventure game I can ever recall where I actually went out and intentionally mashed every item with everything possible in the world because it was so fun to read what would happen.This game took the least fun part of these kinds of games and made it the best part. Just wow.If you're not rubbing your entire inventory all over everything around you, you're playing this game wrong and missing a lot of fun.10/10 would rub a live pigeon all over literally everything again."
,Recommended,623940,35077902,Posted: 19 September,all,Knight-Seer,"A bit of background- I'm a huge Homestuck fan. Hearing about this game immediately got me super-pumped, and while it did take 5 years, I was happy to wait for this game. I wasn't able to back it, but I was as eager as everyone else to see this game release, and finally it was!Now, upon first purchasing the game, I experienced some bugs. Cutscene skipping, specifically, which is a common bug with the game. It's NOT your computer, guys!++A fair reminder, What Pumpkin is a new developer studio, and even huge AAA-Title games, devs and studios have huge, HUGE game-breaking bugs in their games at launch. (Mass Effect, anyone?)That being said, I was able to test the new build and the game worked FANTASTICALLY! I was able to watch the cutscenes, and there was minimal lagging- due to my computer's low processing. But still, the game was playable, I had no hitches that hindered gameplay.Now, the actual game...is wonderful. Homestuck fan or not, casual or serious, no experience with the fandom whatsoever- this game exists peacefully in all realms. The references were there, but made to cater to all audiences, not alienate. (Which is something I HATE in other games, making obscure references that only hardcore fans would know)The animation is lovely. The music is ASTOUNDING. The UI is intuitive, simple, attractive and thematic. The dialogue written between characters is natural and nothing is forced to resemble Homestuck in any way. While the first Act is only a few hours long, for a person like me who has problems focusing, it was the perfect length, especially for an episodic that is $8 a pop. PLUS, I got the Soundtrack Bundle, and the OST is fantastic.Not to mention, ALL OF THE 90S REFERENCES. The moment Pogs were mentioned, I was thrown back into my youth where pogs were everywhere and Clarissa, indeed, Explained It All.Overall- this game is WONDERFUL. I'm looking forward to the next Acts and Hauntswitch as well. Bravo, WhatPumpkin, Bravo!"
76561198080719985,Recommended,623940,34986262,Posted: 15 September,all,Killerabbet,"This game is high quality. From the beautiful backgrounds to the obsurd amount of optional dialogue you can get from using items on any given object, everything just screams QUALITY. The game also doesn't force you to be a knowledgeable Homestuck fan to know what's going on, which is a plus.However, the game is only about 2 ****ing hours, which is a MASSIVE disapointment to every fan who has been waiting over 3 years for this. I'm not going to give a negative review, because the attention to detail shows just how much heart was put into this game. Also, I have a sneeking suspition the next act isn't going to take much longer than a month to come out. It's just something Hussie would do, delaying an already pretty much ready game 7 months so that they could finish all the acts and release them within short times of one another.or that could just be my optimism speaking ._."
,Recommended,623940,34956377,Posted: 14 September,all,Alpha_NaxX,It's a fun game with a homestuck-y story...But I would like it if the cutscenes actually worked.
,Recommended,623940,34961026,Posted: 14 September,all,Voxus,It actually came out
76561198352405667,Recommended,623940,35008903,Posted: 16 September,all,bringina,"Good fandoms dont die, they just go godtier. this is Homestuck revival we´ve been waiting for.Hello random person! Bringie the Knight of Void is here to help you decide whenever or not to give this game a chance.First important thing: quite obviously, this is a Homestuck inspired game, so there are many great references for Homestuck fans (would feel unfair if there werent since we waited so goddamn long for it.) BUT if you´re not a Homestuck fan, its okay! the game itself does a great job of being indipendent, so there is no required Homestuck knowledge to enjoy it. But if you enjoy the game experience, the mechanics and the storytelling, i´d wholly recommend Homestuck for you: Act 1 is a bit slow, but once you get past it, you´ll discover a rich world full of complex characters and excellent story and humour.Now, without futher ado, lets review the heck out of this game.Lets start with the esthetics and animation. The colors are beautiful, the visuals vibrant, and, should i say, alive. Each character has a set of tiny animation while standing, walking etc. There are animated leaves, moving chains, closing doors, each detail carefully taken into consideration. Fighting sequences are fluid and fun.Music created by crazily talented duo of James Roach and Toby Fox (the latter being composer for quite a few Homestuck songs before moving to create his own game, Undertale. Undertale itself is also an excelent game worth checking out once you´re done with Hiveswap). The tracks are lovely and i myself am a happy owner of Hiveswap OST, definitely worth investing in if you´re electric/chiptune/orchesta enthusiastic.The characters are unique, with their own quirks and interests. You mainly get to play with two out of four characters in this act, so i believe others get their turn in Hauntswitch (Act 2). But even with two characters, you get plenty of fun and experience a lot through them.Game mechanics are simple and easy to use. The essencial of Hiveswap is to click everything, combine everything, and use objects on everything. if not for plot advancement then definitely for hillarious text that always pops up.Probably the strongest aspect of the game, as mentioned above, is writing. Andrew Hussie has plenty of experience, and knows how to make funny, sad or silly commentary whenever needed. The storytelling is masterful, and i must admit i was close to tears about twice.As for negatives (every game has its bugs afterall), my personal problem was with short animated sequences, because they were choppy. But seeing as i have outdated computer with not very strong graphic card or CPU, i say its due to technology i am using, rather than the game itself.Another problem with the game is that at perhaps three points, i didnt know what to do. Again, understandable, since this is point-and-click game. You just gotta use your brain (or mouse and desperately click on everything again, like i did :D )Lastly, the game isnt very long. it took me 5 hours to finish it and get most of achievments (still planning to play it second time to get remaining 5), but you need to remember there is a whole lot more coming. The story had only just begun.In conlusion, Hiveswap is a tribute to Homestuck fans who will happily get nostalgic over their fandom years, as well as a well-made visual adventure novel for people that want to get into world of mysteries. Go try it on your own, and i believe you wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,623940,35179711,Posted: 24 September,all,「RORIK SAVANT」,"10/10 would recommend to any Homestuck fan!Great game, very entertaining, full of the trademark humour of Andrew Hussie, some amazing 2D art and backgrounds, and fantastic music by both James Roach and Toby Fox!Pros:-Homestuck nostalgia overload-Absolutely overflowing with different interaction combinations-Humorous achievements that'll keep me coming back-Great soundtrack-Lots of love and care to every scene-Really hyped for the next actCons:-Very short, I was surprised when it ended after just 6 hours of messing around-Crashed the first time opening-Impossible to know if people new to Homestuck will enjoy it as much"
76561198352153549,Recommended,623940,35047337,Posted: 18 September,all,法王,"A little short, but good. Let's hope act 2 doesn't have the same development time..."
,Recommended,623940,35091997,Posted: 20 September,all,Eggsy,Jude Harley is literaly a blessing to this earth and beyond 10/10
,Not Recommended,623940,34959129,Posted: 14 September,all,3Rton,"In it's current form this game is pretty hard to recommend to anyone except people who readily consider themselves fans of Homestuck.At 3 hours (Having pretty much clicked at everything possible) this is one of the worst ""value"" purchases I have ever done in Steam. Sure Since I only got bit over half of the achievements it is safe to say the alternative choice routes will give the game re-playability of maybe round, or two. However, considering the content is only point and click it seems rather.. lackluster. I wouldn't consider this worth the money unless it was IP I was already invested in. (Which sadly I think the devs are counting on, too)On top of this the game is still very buggy. Sometimes the cursor is very buggy with recognizing things, the screen keeps oddly shifting and gets visual glitches (Such as slivers of last scene showing on the border etc), screenshots come out awfully cropped in windowed mode, there isn't a borderless window mode, there are save corrupting crashes..If we assume the episode length to be constant, the sequel to be same legth as this and the price to stay constant..Then they plan to milk us for 32$/12h twice.. at 64$ for 24 hours of gameplay it sounds like AWFUL proposition. Sure lets hope the episodes get longer but... don't hold your breath.I'm sad because the art of the game is gorgeous. The writing is fantastic. But the game play, the game engineering are mediocre at best. The value proposition is awful. I wish all the best to What Pumpkin but as this game stands (and the future prospects it holds) it is hard sell to anyone who wasn't already planning to buy it regardless of the price and delays anyhow."
,Recommended,623940,35008095,Posted: 16 September,all,HyperlyBola [IDK],"All I have to say is,I'm havin a baby, and the baby is you."
76561198062124034,Recommended,623940,34957552,Posted: 14 September,all,Autamic,It was cool.Can't wait for act 2 in 2045.Pretty short. But good.
,Not Recommended,623940,34957351,Posted: 14 September,all,オーバージャスティス本,"For such a long development cycle, the game is atrociously short, only clocking to about two hours playtime for the average player. I understand that the game is being released in acts, but until the other three are released, or at least have /some kind/ of release date, I'd strongly reccomend against purchasing it.As it stands now, Hiveswap plays more like a demo for the full game, instead of a full game. I don't feel like I was burned on the price, being so low, but I was really hoping for more.If you watch the trailers, you've basically seen the whole game. The entire plot is spelled out there. Know this before going in.That aside, there are small bugs within the game, including a really, really bad issue with the camera panning over to other rooms while still staying on the room you're in. On top of this, there is no ""losing"" hivewap, it is esentially a visual novel, and less of a game. These are minor issues overall, and didn't impact my playthrough all to much, but they are worth noting.On the upside, the art is fantastic, and the animated cutscenes have some charm to them. The writing did give me a chuckle, and was very evocative of Homestuck, if that's the kind of thing you care about. The soundtrack was limited, and became really repedative, but was very enjoyable for a while.Overall, Hiveswap is a silghly more involved visual novel, with pretty pictures and nice animation, but doesn't actually feature very much outside of the content shown off in it's trailers. Fans who were expecting more will be dissapointed, and I can't reccomend this to any adventure game fans who are looking for something new. Hard pass, at least until the story itself is completed."
,Recommended,623940,35087649,Posted: 20 September,all,Ainsley Harriott,"I still plan on replaying the game for all the little details I missed... And to fill my hunger for ACT 2 THAT MIGHT COME OUT ANOTHER 5 YEARS OR SOMETHING D:I've waited 5 years for this game to finally come out... 5 Y E A R S!!!!!!But yeah so glad they changed the artstyle from initally 3d to 2d, it looks waaay better and fits to the Homestuck vibe. I think this game is a what Homestuck would have looked like if it was a game. It is a fairly simple point and click adventure, but the only reason I spent five hours on the game was literally reading on the little chat box that showed up (I wanted every moment to last and I usually read aloud when reading HS) I recommend playing the game completely blind to fill up your euphoria bar. If the next couple of acts are consistent on art style, game mechanics, dialogue, and literally everything, I'll use my money on all the other Acts. I give this game a 15 hats out of 10 to keep it real.P.S. I normally don't write reviews on games because there is sooo much to taco bout and people can read another well credited reviewer but I just had to for this lovely game :')"
,Recommended,623940,35233240,Posted: 26 September,all,DawnDusk5790,"This game if fantastic. The Art is so beautiful, the designs for everything are interesting and pleasing to the eye. The characters are very entertaining, and each of their individual cutscenes and animations are flawless. James and Toby did an amazing job on the soundtrack!(My Favorite Tracks have to be Snake Escape, That's How I Beat Snake, Singular Peril, and Wish You Were Here (SO PRETTY))A lot of the item interactions are hilarious and suprising. There's just so many! Plus, the subtle references to Homestuck itself are very fun to discover. Haven't read Homestuck? Thats fine! The only important thing you need to know is not to offer any aliens buckets. (Trust me)Will you open the door?(WHY ARE YOU STILL HERE GO GET THE GAME ALREADY)Anyways, I can not wait for Act 2! Thanks so much for an amazing game Hiveswap Team! I can not WAIT to see what you have in store for us!(Please..... be kind to Xefros....)"
76561198059099718,Recommended,623940,35018299,Posted: 17 September,all,Nickishere,"Yeah, okay, sure you're a Homestuck fan. So am I. But I actually know what I'm talking about and enjoyed both Homestuck and Hiveswap: Act 1.After developement hell, this game finally gets released. My review will be more based on the game itself and less about what people hoped it would be.Hiveswap: Act 1 is the first of 4 episodic Point and Click adventures and is supposed to set the tone for the rest of the series. Besides a few visual glitches and some spelling errors, it's done it's job at introducing characters and setting up the story for the other 3 acts. Visually, the backgrounds look amazing, the animation flips from fluid to choppy, and mechanically, there isn't a puzzle too hard to figure out with all of the visual cues you're given. A new feature packed along with the game is the dialog response for each combonation of ""inventory item X item/environment"". No longer will you get the same old ""You can't do that."" over and over. Each interaction has something different to say, and can encourage the player to try to combine everything out of curiosity. The soundtrack is composed from James Roach and Toby Fox, both of which are very talented musicians. If you get the chance, you should buy the sound tracks for each act. You're bound to fall in love with at least one song. (Also, I don't believe ""The Grubbles"" have had a chance to play yet, and the two songs released are pretty damn good as well. So hang on to your underwear when they finally make their debut.)Now onto the Homestuck Perspective Review.LOTS of references to Homestuck. Being based in the same universe, it's really unavoidable. For anybody who's kept up with the story, you're going to be combing through this game with a super secret cypher thats not easily obtainable. Plenty of stuff will already be common sense to big fans of the series, while everyone else will be just as clueless as Joey Claire. And for those that are wondering what is up with the combat system, it's modeled after some of the early Homestuck flash fights. If it doesn't make sense, it's not supposed to. It's purely cosmetic.With the tone set, Act 2 is going to deliver just as well, if not better. Let's just hope it delivers on time!"
,Recommended,623940,35206786,Posted: 25 September,all,teenalphabro,whats a homestuck
76561198063427726,Recommended,623940,34958514,Posted: 14 September,all,lustidrike,"They weren't joking when you could combine literally every item and object together with unique commentary. I love it. It reminds me of old point and click adventure games and the animation is beautiful. I've been spending my first hour literally just putting every single item combination possible together the beginning area, and I got achievements for it too!"
76561198009615466,Recommended,623940,34985890,Posted: 15 September,all,dogs?,"Short but sweet. Good humor, fun puzzles, and solid writing. Well worth the price. I eagerly await the next few acts."
,Not Recommended,623940,35013900,Posted: 16 September,all,cheshire.panther,"I'm torn on this one.I really really REALLY want to love the game, but in the current way I can't recommend it to anyone.Would I really care about it if I would not be familiar with homestuck fandom? I doubt it.It lacks the substance, lacks the proper character development and generally lacks the charm that homestuck had.I'm not saying it is bad, it is just not what I expected. Worst, it reminds me of exactly the same problems that Armikrog had.PROS:Yes, it is really, really well drawn.CONS:1. First of all, it feels dated and unfinished. The game was in production for 5 years and you can feel it. Manual save system for 2h game looks archaic. Menu elements looks half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game is buggy. It's rough around the edges. Art quality is inconsistent.Map layout is bizzare. A lot of game elements can be accessed from a very specific angle even if they visible on other screens. For example, in the 2nd act security terminal is visible but you can't access it *UNLESS* you realize that you have to change the view.There is an option to swap characters, but there is no gameplay mechanic to utilize it. Why is it there?Combat/ability system looks unfinished. Once again, it feels like a forced addition that can be entirely cut from the game or be replaced by the scripted scene. I can't exactly say what feels wrong about it, but it feels wrong. Also, those abilities can be probably used, like, two times in the entire game? Why coudn't they just add another option to the popup menu and call it a day?Those are minor complaints, but they are important, because they form the overall game impression, and generally break immersion for me.2. It has a soul but it has *WRONG* soul.The broad appeal and the art direction they took is understandable, but in my opinion it is detrimental to the game.In Homestuck art always feels second to the content, and the whole aim of the narrative was to create this bizzare ""meta"" atmosphere.I don't see it in the game. They tried to make classic golden age adventure with a team and creative lead who does not have experience in this field. As a result we have a game that has all of the weaknesses of the genre and none of the strengths of the Hussie. It is an attempt to play on the foreign field and I don't see the reason behind it.Why creating another beautiful but mediocre adventure game? There are plenty of them, and it is very difficult to compete with them having such a small team. The game does not try bring anything new or try to achive anything notable rather than being very ambitious but very minor omage to the niche webcomic."
,Recommended,623940,35211043,Posted: 25 September,all,The Fandom Nerd,"It's every homestuck lovers dream. After the webcomic ended, fans looked for more content-and we were lucky that this was announced before the comic ever drew to a close. Though it was delayed and we were worried it would never arise, Hussie didn't let us down and gave us what we had been waiting for. And it wasn't a disappointment. So far Hiveswap Act 1 has lived up to all of my hopes and put my fears to rest-and I just wish the rest of it was out already! But, if I learned anything from my days of reading Homestuck, it's how to wait. And wait I shall.BONUS: Even if you don't know anything about Homestuck or didn't like it- give this a try! It takes place before the webcomic, so you don't have to worry about knowing what happened in Homestuck(although you should totally take the time to read it if you haven't-it starts slow but if you stick with it, oh boy, you're in for a wild ride). And if you like point-and-click games with witty humor, then try this game as well! I don't think you'll be disappointed."
76561198280475214,Recommended,623940,35076874,Posted: 19 September,all,SandFish,"Absolutely terrific first act! Better than what I had imagined! I loved the amount of care that went into this game, there's still a few bugs but knowing that the team is bound to fix them eventually, they don't outweigh the pros in the slightest. PS: Testing byers on everything made it worth playing a few more runs to see any additional content I may missed."
76561198086020391,Recommended,623940,35047011,Posted: 18 September,all,ĸezzy,"As someone who has been a Homestuck piece of garbage since the beginning, this game has refueled my interested in the fandom and it's certainly a breath of fresh air. I finished the first act in three hours and I hunger for the next one. From the little references (specifically the signless doll) to the new likeable characters, this is a perfect game in my opinion. Cute art style and loveable characters are an A++ to me."
76561198119615622,Recommended,623940,35234868,Posted: 26 September,all,Chemicalclowns,"Alright so first of all I got into homestuck many many MANY years ago- like back in middle school? I stopped following it around the time of the final update (which sucked tbh) but if im being truthfull I stopped being majorly into the fandom around 2014. The fandom started to shrink from people leaving and whoever was left were rude, childish and kind of violent? Nevertheless I still lowkey love homestuck and when this game finally aired I suddenly remembered being so excited when the game was announced to be made years back and I promised myself then that I'd buy it. So I did. And man this made me so nostalgic of when I first started reading the comic and played the first mini game! It makes you think of how this fits into the first acts of the comic and gives you a glimpse of how awful Grampa Harley really was (i mean he gave jade a gun when she was like a toddler? please.) and it takes you back to a simpler time of the basic homestuck formula -> Kids V.S House. Let me tell you it takes a while to get the hang of going from room to room and actual function of the game is a little... well I wish I got a little instruction in there before they threw me into the flames.Now about how the game runs.I use windows 10- the game itself skips a bit as in the screen pausing and the music messing up but this normally passes after a minute. As for the mini games with the troll tablet, if you click you'll get past the art screen otherwise you'll end up sitting there waiting like a loser. The mouse has quite a bit of lag, more than I would like considering there isnt much wiggle room for clicking things but its doable. All in all i'd give this game a 8 out of ten for story so far and a 5 out of 10 on playability. Hopefully they patch it soon."
,Recommended,623940,34959732,Posted: 14 September,all,Gogolta,"The year is 2017, you've spent years hiding your Homestuck phase from the worldNobody knows your secret shameYou awake at midnight, September 14th, to see a man with large lips in a green shirt looming over youYour laptop is open on a steam store page in his handsHe leans in and whispers:""Let me tell you about Hiveswap"""
,Recommended,623940,35073392,Posted: 19 September,all,blueberryRelλx,cools:cool gam.cool characterscool artcool animationscool puzzlesnot cools:not cool 4 yearsnot cool getting stuck in some puzzles cuz im dumb
,Recommended,623940,35000255,Posted: 16 September,all,Calliope,January 2017.
76561198068489508,Recommended,623940,34988524,Posted: 15 September,all,hicandydoo,"I say this is a great game.Sure, it has some glitches, big black bars being quite prominent, but I don't think they subtract from the experience."
,Recommended,623940,34955822,Posted: 14 September,all,BluePringlez,"So far I've been playing this and it's very fun! Theres so much information you can find out just by clicking, the puzzles arent hard, and the story is fun to follow and especially if you're a HomeStuck fan its amazing to see ties and links between the characters in the future, and the characters now.The story is great! I'm only 'halfway' or maybe even one fourth of the way through the game (considering I dont really know where it ends yet), but it's gripping. The music fits and gives you the lighthearted feel of a teenager exploring and doing all she can, even while monsters ruin her house and endanger her she's just doing her objectives as told and asked by her younger brother.Theres so much information and lighthearted plots that help break the tension while also building, the hints through text dialouge and even during strifing really helped provide hints, while the hint button was literally a joke.I found very nice humor and entertaining backstory.So far 8/10Will Return to Add More Information and Details to this review after I finish.//edit:So I  beat the game! I was about one third of the way through the game when I posted this, and I honestly really enjoyed playing it! I was able to switch between characters after I unlocked both, and thought that function was funny to check on the characters every so often to just see how they were doing.There was lots of dialouge, but if youre heading in the right direction they'll indirectly poke you into the right way with a couple of subtle reminders. I think the comedy and music was nice. I felt for Joey and the lowbloods by the end of Act 1.I would still reccomend this to people, and would probably still say 8/10. Cant wait for Act 2 -4 !"
76561198066432717,Recommended,623940,34955912,Posted: 14 September,all,IVe-7eMann,Great game about teens who are not from Homestuck but it's made by the Homestuck guys.Also it's in the Homestuck universe. But before the actual Homestuck events.This review is as complex as the story itself really.
76561198120528456,Recommended,623940,35012947,Posted: 16 September,all,MrMcFuppleDuckle,TOP 5 THINGS ONLY 90'S KIDS WILL UNDERSTAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,623940,35046880,Posted: 18 September,all,TeKett,"Real good game, offers multiple dialogs depending on how you try to interact with the same object. So even if its short story wise it makes it up with content / exploration.Wasnt that much of a fan of Homestuck, dont get me wrong the universe, story, characters and the overal gimmick are all cool, but i just dident like the format of it, im more active then passive. So im really hyped for this series."
76561198063155465,Recommended,623940,35051362,Posted: 18 September,all,Meme,"This game is incredible! From the gorgeous art style to the unique OSTs, colorful (yet small) cast of characters and fun&entertaining puzzles, Hiveswap enters the world with a great Act 1. I am absolutely certain the following ones will be no joke, either!"
,Not Recommended,623940,34958355,Posted: 14 September,all,Deuvir,"Just finished the game, and well, although i can understand the development going through a lot, the work put into it so that it's all hand drawn, and the music being all homemade, Two hours of content for months of wait is a bit... underwhelming.I might've expected too much out of it, but so much more could've been done, considering what the source material has to offer, regarding puzzles for example. Everything was extremely straightforward, solutions being in the same room as the puzzle more than half of the time, or being told to you outright. It feels more akin to a Visual Novel rather than a Point & Click on that regard!Those are the only issues i have with it though, being a HS fan, i still found back all the themes, visuals, and music relatable to the comic, the humour, and all that. It's just that it's barely an appetizer of the whole adventure. I'd personally rather wait for the full release."
76561198117305022,Recommended,623940,35051218,Posted: 18 September,all,Satan,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is so good, It was so worth the wait for mePROS:Cute charactersCool fighting systemPuzzles!Good story thus farCONS:I'll have to wait for Act 2... :'("
76561198076670272,Recommended,623940,34956869,Posted: 14 September,all,DeilyDragon,Best anime
76561198023598146,Recommended,623940,34957651,Posted: 14 September,all,Spark,"Ok so, I've just finished this chapter (or at least, I presume I have? I'll touch upon that in a moment,) and following an initial restart due to some graphical glitches (sky dissapearing in one section, main world screen minimised and jumping about as I moved) I found myself having a very enjoyable experiance with the game. The small references are great but not enough to alienate any new comers to the homestuck series, as well as leaving you ready for more. The story itself is great and the characters are interesting and lovable! (or at least the ones you're meant to love.)My first run through of the chapter took me about 2.4 hours, and what interests me is I'm still missing around 20 achievements. I don't know if this means theres more to the game than I've done, but the only none-secret achievement talks about 'picking up where you left off.' I don't know if this means there's more to this first chapter that I'm missing, but  if I'm not then I have mixed feelings about this time spent. On one hand, I enjoyed every moment of it and would happily play it all again, but on the other hand it feels fairly short considering the time spent putting it together. I'm aware it's episodic and I now hope that following chapters come rather swiftly? But if we wind up waiting a year+ for roughly 2.5 hours every time, then I can't help but feel a little cheated.As a whole, however, the game itself is fun and interesting! I certainly recommend giving it a go, but if you're worried about play time then I recommend waiting until more is out."
76561198421350885,Recommended,623940,35251263,Posted: 27 September,all,Potatopeelerkind,"Hiveswap offers a beautiful world with fantastic and humorous characters and dialogue. Not so strong on the whole gameplay aspect, but it makes up for it in story. It's designed to be understandable by non-Homestuck fans too, and even they will most likely enjoy it.The good:- Art and music is fantastic- Compelling dialogue/story- Clever and humorous interactions- Unique object interactions- every object has a unique interaction with every other object and everything in the background. That's a ridiculous amount of interactions.The bad:- Uninspiring puzzle design (they're not really puzzles, more like tasks. You find which object interacts with which thing to progress. Nothing really mind-challenging- many puzzles are more of a grind than they are difficult)- Some video bugs for certain users, not sure if they've been patched.- Cluttered-looking UI- Way too many items at one time- few are ever removed from your inventory but are never needed again (did I really need to keep the dog treats for that long?)- Under-utilised abilitiesOverall, you can tell that the creators were primarily writers, music creators and artists over game and level designers (which makes sense, for a game based off a webcomic). It excels in the areas that Homestuck itself excels in, and falls flat on actual gameplay. If you enjoy story and humour, the game is fantastic. If you're looking for a game with high quality gameplay, though, it'd be best to look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,623940,34982659,Posted: 15 September,all,Zinerith,"Fun, but much to short for me to consider it a good use of money."
76561198000317903,Recommended,623940,35040318,Posted: 17 September,all,FireWolf (TFW),"I am absolutely not a fan of Homestuck. I tried to get through the comic and I started speed skimming and was just really underwhelmed and bored with the comic. Even my friends who are fans of it tell me it's a bit difficult to read. I do enjoy and appreciate aspects of the Homestuck world tho, and actually have a friend who is a co-creator of the comic Vast Error, a Homestuck fan comic. She got me interested in the art style and animation, and that's what brought me to the game. Thankfully I knew enough about trolls to not be confused about the world xD*coughs* Onto the review. The game's cutscenes are super glitchy. I've heard they're creating a patch to make things run smoother, but every time it went to a cutscene, my screen would freeze and the sound would cut out, and I'd be in the next scene ;n;"" I had to open up youtube and watch the cutscenes there as I went, and continued to play the game. That was the biggest struggle for me and sucked some of the enjoyment of the game away from me. If you feel okay playing the game like that, go for it! Otherwise, wait for the patch.The game is a point and click clue/puzzle game. Not really one of my favorites, but I was in it for the story. It was actually quite frustrating for me to spend a long time searching for things and mousing over everything to find the items to progress the story. I had to use a walkthrough a few times cause a few parts are really confusing.The art is super adorable and gorgeous! I love watching the animations and the story made me excited for more, and that is what made the game for me despite still needing some work!Would honestly recommend the game despite it's bugs and the fact you can get through it in about 2-3 hours. You're paying the artists for their time and detail spent on the game after all! I really enjoyed it for the story and art, so I hope to see the next game soon!"
76561197988504063,Recommended,623940,35056492,Posted: 18 September,all,Creeps,"It's short and sweet, especially if you're coming from mspaintadventures. Maybe primarily if you're coming from that.This is a good ole fashioned point-n-click adventure game with lavish backgrounds, nice music, and snappy writing. It's also three hours tops and requires passing knowledge of a webcomic lengthier than the entire Harry Potter saga in order to truly enjoy. Me? I'm an uberdork so that wasn't a problem. You? Man, I don't know.Best case scenario, you're already a fan and you're willing to look past the years of game designer chicanery to enjoy this sucker. At worst, you might finish it in time to get a refund. At middling, you should probably just go read Homestuck.TLDR: It's paid DLC for a webcomic you might've heard of."
,Recommended,623940,34955773,Posted: 14 September,all,Splanoot,Joey Claire is my daughter now
76561198127231767,Recommended,623940,34957628,Posted: 14 September,all,Meerkat Squiggy,"Very fun, felt like it was a bit too short, but good nonetheless"
76561198376263784,Recommended,623940,35077577,Posted: 19 September,all,dominique_duenas,"An amazing game with fantastic design, cute animations, charming dialogue, and lots of great jokes whether or not you've read Homestuck (though obviously there's a lot more eastereggs and references for those who have read it to enjoy). While the game had a few bugs when I played (specifically two, in my opinion, minor ones with screen transitions not being smooth and one incident of an slightly off-center screen for a bit of dialogue) it didn't overwhelm the story or experience and were easy to play past. The characters are great, and I love how their personalities are constantly expressed whenever you explore the world (Earth or Alternia) from their perspective. And they have WONDERFUL personalities at that! I love practically all of the characters in the game, the ones from Homestuck and the new ones who are introduced!While the combat/strife is somewhat pointless the puns and entertainment from them are still a great experience and fit with the whole ""puzzle and solution"" focus of point-and-click adventures to an extent. The artwork is spectacular and the design of the environments have lots of detail and help immerse the player into the game even more.A GREAT game for Homestuck fans and people looking to try out the point-and-click genre (though if your looking for complex puzzles to really challenge yourself this isn't really the game to do it) and a fun way to spend a few hours and have a couple (or a lot) of laughs. Some people are complaining that ACT 1 is too short, but there's so much too look at and have fun with that the game takes up a couple of hours (mostly if you're intent on exploring EVERYTHING, which I recommend you should) and the quality overall is outstanding, even if the quantity isn't as much as one would expect because of the time in production. But then again, this is only the first ACT and the real meat of the game will most definitely be in the ones to follow as was the case with Homestuck itself.Sorry for the essay, this is just an AWESOME game that I would recommend to anyone who has a ten dollar bill and I'm hyped for what ACT 2 will bring to the table because if it's anything like ACT 1 it's going to be AMAZING!!!"
76561198159477825,Recommended,623940,34959371,Posted: 14 September,all,leo.sapiens,"Short, yeah, but extremely satisfying. Another dip into a world we all miss, so much detail, such cool narrative. And the lusii are so adorable, goddamnit. Hope nothing happens to them in future acts.I do wonder if I could switch my parents for one. Kidding. Maybe. No.. kidding. Maybe.I usually don't care much for very linear games, and this is sort of like a game novel, yeah, but this time I didn't care. So great. Will give it a bit of a rest, and replay to try and get the rest of the achievements and look into detail."
76561198035639912,Recommended,623940,34976323,Posted: 15 September,all,The Faceless 6,"Been waiting for this game for a very long time, not as much as some other people, but I've still been looking forward to this for a while.  The game is beautifully drawn and it has all the humor I expected and enjoy from something based off of Homestuck.The cutscenes are well done and the final one in the first act gave me chills.  The characters are adorable and well written.  It also explains foreign concepts to non-homestuck readers in simple and concise ways.You definitely don't need to have read homestuck in order to enjoy this game, but there are a lot of jokes and info that you will pick up on if you did end up reading the comic.  All in all, I recommend this to all those who read the comic, those who haven't but are willing to try it out, and those that just like point and click adventures.One thing I will say though is that the first act is rather short if you just go ahead and try to progress, but seeing as how almost every combination of item has its own unique response, you can enjoy yourself experimenting to see what does what."
,Recommended,623940,34960820,Posted: 14 September,all,Princess Squishy,"Joey can never in canon say ""♥♥♥♥""0/10Seriously though, I'm so ready."
76561198049930974,Recommended,623940,34957551,Posted: 14 September,all,Bambi,"At 2 hours and 40 minutes, it may feel a bit short to some after the long wait. However the humour, the music, the writing is still what most homestuck fans would expect - and for that, it earns all the glory it can."
,Recommended,623940,34962857,Posted: 14 September,all,TangledAlmond,I played this for 1 hour and 45 minutes before leaving Joey's room. I'm 8 hours in and I still haven't left Joey's house. There's so many ♥♥♥♥ing descriptions and interactions. You can use any item on literally any other item and get unique dialogue. THERE'S SO MANY DESCRIPTIONS TO SEE. I'M NEVER GOING TO FINISH THIS GAME
,Recommended,623940,34978496,Posted: 15 September,all,The Annoying Kid On Voice Chat,"A good game, lots of homestuck humour and original content. Another positive is the proof that Xefros is amazing."
,Not Recommended,623940,34981246,Posted: 15 September,all,John Wilkes Boothe,"Not worth the wait, unless we only have to wait a month for the next act.Not worth the money. The game is very short, and while it is sometimes funny, or heartwarming, or dramatic, it doesn't spend much time letting you explore any given place, and what it does let you do is extremley limited. It's the bad kind of adventure game where you pick up a bunch of ""keys"", find the ""locks"" where the ""keys"" go to find more ""keys"" and more ""locks"", where the keys and locks can be literal keys and locks or a bowl of milk and a door. Figuring out where to use what item does not make you feel clever, and is not rewarding, especially since the game often just tells you what to do. I guess like Homestuck it's more of a graphic novel, but with more stuff, but here the ""more stuff"" was wasting my time.I don't even know if I can recommend it or not. If you're looking for a adventure or puzzle game, look elsewhere. If you're a Homestuck fan, and you don't care about the gameplay, then you might enjoy having a new story with familiar events and settings. If you aren't a Homestuck fan and you don't care about gameplay, then it might be a fresh sci-fi story, filled with interesting characters, places, and cultures for you to discover.If you've never read Homestuck before, you aren't really missing out on much. Not knowing the source material will make for a more mysterious story, where you see pieces of the bigger picture and slowly discover more about the world you're exploring."
,Recommended,623940,34990378,Posted: 16 September,all,Anura,"Never read Homestuck but I'm hooked so far.Pros:+Charming writing. Just click on everything, it's worth it when you read about it.+Neat Characters so far. Joey is easily one of my favorite characters ever now.+AMAZING MUSIC.+Interesting World/Story. They don't give you too much detail but just enough that left me like ""Yeah... I need to get Act 2 and figure out just what's going on""Cons:-Short? Beat this Act in 3 hours but that's mainly cause I clicked EVERYTHING and got lost on one puzzle. It's probably cloer to 1.5 Hours. I wouldn't blame anyone for thinking the price isn't worth it for how short it is.-Choppy Animations. From time to time you'll notice the quality just take a dip and it's really unneasy on the eyes. The idle animation is the most obvious one.Overall the game left a good impression. I laughed, was entranced by the music, and even felt empowered all in this short little Act. I cannot wait to continue playing as Joey and experience the story of Hiveswap."
,Recommended,623940,34983831,Posted: 15 September,all,I'm Dave,"Does it feel like a game that had a $2.5 million kicksarter? HELL NO. Is it it a good game though? HELL YES.It may be personal preferance, but I honestly enjoyed this game more than the original comic that it is based off.PROS:-Amazing art and attention to detail. There were many times during the game where I would just look around and appreciate every last inch of the screen.-You can literaly click on anything with any item and combine any item with any other item, and every single combination you do, there will always be unique piece of dialogue to go with it. That is just insane. I usualy love seeing every line of dialogue in a game, but there is just too much to do in Hiveswap.-Very well animated opening cutscene. I could just watch the opening again and again.-THE MUSIC. OH MY GOD THE MUSIC. THE MUSIC IS CATCHY AS HELL. I CAN'T SAY MUCH MORE THAN THAT I'M AFRAID.I could go on and on about how good the game is, but I'd just be rambling at that point. Besides, this game isn't perfect. The flaws need to be addressed.CONS:-The Keyframes. While the opening cutscene was great, the actual gameplay looked like there were tons of frames missing.tl;dr Hiveswap is a great game regardless if you have read Homestuck or not. If enjoyed the old point and click games, you'll enjoy this game. I give it an 9/10"
76561198072050859,Recommended,623940,34983000,Posted: 15 September,all,Z?,great game finished the first act in one stting of 3.5 h. only serrius criticism is the lack of an autosave
,Recommended,623940,34981019,Posted: 15 September,all,Bob,"Cute, easy game and definitely full of nostalgia for those who followed along with Homestuck.I'm not a huge Homestuck fan, but the games, music, animations, and character interactions were my favorite bits, and I feel like this captured the essence of that well.The music is great, the artwork is cute, I enjoyed the dialogue, and the humor is pretty much the same corny sort as Homestuck (which is a pro or con depending on your sort of humor, but I generally enjoyed it).It's especially a good sort of game if you're like me and like to go around looking for all possible reactions to combining items with things--because there are alotin the game, and I still haven't tried everything.The puzzles areincrediblyeasy (and this is coming from someone who constantly has to check walkthroughs on obvious things in other games). If you're looking for a game that will make you think much with its puzzles... probably don't go with Hiveswap. At the very least, Act 1 won't provide that.That said, I found it relaxing to play through and overall enjoyed my time looking around at everything.For people who haven't read Homestuck, I personally imagine it would still be fun and a good introduction, but I can't say for sure. A lot of the game's appeal is definitely to those who have read it, so some of that would be lost.I personally feel I got my money's worth from Act 1 and will be sticking around for more, but I do hope future installments will have more interesting puzzles than this one."
76561198044767990,Recommended,623940,34981851,Posted: 15 September,all,Trace,"The music is catchy, the art and animation are ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful, and I fell in love with the characters immediately. I really enjoyed the puzzles - they made me stop and think for a while, but I didn't get frustrated or have to look up guides for any of them. Now I'm going to replay it and try to combine every item with every other item, since there's like a thousand things I didn't try the first time because I got too caught up in the story.I'm a 90s kid, I guess I was legally obligated to love this game. But seriously, it exceeded every expectation I had. Can't wait for Act 2!"
,Recommended,623940,34982003,Posted: 15 September,all,salsaGeologist,"I dont know what to say.As a homestuck fan, its great to be able to pick up on the refrences to the story.Though 3 hours of gameplay is upsetting to recieve on the first act.Its a fun, quirky game either way. Nice for the 8$."
76561198092577270,Recommended,623940,34982168,Posted: 15 September,all,Blue,It's witty and enjoyable and accessible to people who've never read Homestuck- definitely try this game out!
,Recommended,623940,34982001,Posted: 15 September,all,Isuka,"The first act of Hiveswap really set the universe. For Homestuck fans like me, you definitely won't be lost, and will be happy to go around looking at all the easter eggs while discovering the story. For newcomers to the universe, it totally seems to me the game has been made to be playable without knowing a thing to Homestuck, and you can just go through the story without worrying to be missing something.It was nice to see again a new set of characters with totally different personalities. Joey is a totally fun and lovely hero, and I'm really looking forward seeing how she will evolve in this universe. The interactivity with all the decor elements is a major part of the game, as you can make any object of your inventory interacting with every item around, leading to fun reactions and sometimes some hidden gems.The game is really pretty. I had a lot of expectations on the music side, and I was not disappointed. Most of the rooms and important moments of the game are ambianced by a different music, which really set the mood and don't trap the player in a specific musical atmosphere. So good job to James Roach and Toby Fox! If I had to pick my favorites from this first Act, it would go for Joey Claire, Extraordinaire, Final Spice and Filthy Nuclear Bunker.Good job to Andrew Hussie, Cohen and everyone who worked on the game so far! The only drawback I would see there is that the first act is really short. I finished it in ~3 hours without rushing, and another time in ~30 minutes to sneak around and find all the achievements I was missing. But it was worth the time! And hey, ACT 1 of Homestuck was also really short if you compare it to the others, so who knows what will follow!Looking forward ACT 2!"
,Recommended,623940,34978839,Posted: 15 September,all,ProblemSleuth,"Was totally worth the wait, but felt too short.Hiveswap had tons of story and lead to a better insight onAlternian life. Thats nice, of course. The characters were endearing and felt realistic (whats new, considering its related to Homestuck). The art style was pretty phenomenal. Overall the only two downsides I feel Hiveswap has is timing with the dance based combat (it felt like the interactions took forever), and the massive amount of stuff happening. I know that isn't new to us Homestuck fans but,after a conversation with Xefros, I forgot entirely what I was doing when I got back to puzzle solving! That happened at least 3 times to me. Id rate the game a 9 out of 10, personally. I've got high hopes for Act 2 and Hauntswitch!Oh,and also....LET BYERS OUT OF THE POCKET!!!! I'M BEGGING YOU..."
76561198052376260,Recommended,623940,34960913,Posted: 14 September,all,ginghamdragon,"I just finished up the first Act of Hiveswap, and while I've never been one to write out reviews, I felt compelled to for this adventure.This game has an amazing team of artists behind it, and all the art is incredibly lush and detailed. The animation is fun and bouncy, the environments are amazing and have a lot of depth, even the UI and the title screen are incredible.  The music is very memorable, my favorite track being ‘Rustblood’. The writing is comedic and echoes MSPA’s style perfectly, and managed to get me giggling like a lunatic a good few times. All around, it’s easy to tell this is a labor of passion.The gameplay is simple and entertaining, with nigh endless dialogue for all the sorts of combinations you can do with the items and environment. The battles are fun littles puzzles themselves, and all the puzzles in the game or logical and flow well with the pace. The only times I was confused were because the cursor could use a directional indicator to be clear on where the player is clicking to move in the environment.The only complaints I have are the length, because it was easily finished in 3 hours and could possibly have a long wait for the next acts (which is just speculation on my part for now). It’s also worth noting that the devs, at this time, are patching a few graphical glitches, however I encountered very few problems with this and it was solved by playing in windowed mode.However long that wait for the next part is, I think this game is well worth your time and money. It’s a delight, and if you have any interest in the quirky humor of the MSPAdevntures, you’ll love this one."
76561198115915426,Recommended,623940,34981795,Posted: 15 September,all,Kawa,"Well, my computer is an outdated piece of crap þat can't run Unity games wiþout a bit of manual þrottling, which meant a few technical issues on my part, but all in all I can heartily recommend þis. If you liked Homestuck, you'll like Hiveswap, I can say þat much.I'm already looking forward to act 2... it's oddly nostalgic."
,Recommended,623940,34982321,Posted: 15 September,all,Nuclear,"A nice point and click that harkens back to games before my time. I had a lot of fun visiting the Homestuck universe again, and seeing all the neat easter eggs was a great bonus on top of a FANTASTIC looking and sounding game. The soundtrack is phenominal and nothing was visually out of place in my eyes. I had a great time the whole way through, though there are a few puzzles that are either too easy or far too obscure. However every puzzle gave me a sense of satisfaction when I solved it. Overall I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who is even remotely interested. And get the soundtrack edition, the soundtrack as seperate DLC or on bandcamp costs as much as the game itself."
,Recommended,623940,35090710,Posted: 20 September,all,The Great Catsby,"This game is wonderful, from the art direction to the musical scores, and I'd fully reccomend anyone that I know try it out. That being said let it be noted that the game is relatively short, it is the first act and sets up what is to come.I finished this game in 3 hours, many people completed it in shorter time, but I had issues with some necessary items not being clickable (possibly a resolution issue but I'm not sure).I love it. It's gonna make me cry"
,Recommended,623940,35096476,Posted: 20 September,all,fantomchoder,"Overall I really enjoyed this one. The animation is well drawn and detailed with quality sound. I like how unique the text is for nearly every possible use of an item against another object. The shift in perspective of characters in the story kept it interesting too. I didn't have any technical issues (Win10/Intel/Nvidia) along the way unlike other reviews that I've seen. It takes about 2-3 hours to finish this act which isn't bad for $8 assuming full price. I'll likely be playing the future acts if/when they release.As for the negatives:- This is only Act I. Honestly I'm a bit tired of games releasing in episodes/acts/etc since who knows if the rest will ever come out and how consistent the quality will remain. Plus sometimes they've nickel and dimed you by the final release.- Animation is a bit clunky... the walking pace at times is a bit jittery with the character animations.- Can't re-examine items in inventory... this is a strange absence for a point & click since you can only identify your items by memory/icon alone without trying to use it- Inventory dropdown would persistently open at times even though I previously closed it- The forced perspective of character in the room seemed a bit off, and sometimes it was confusing figuring out which way to move to walk around a room that's open to exploring."
,Recommended,623940,34959711,Posted: 14 September,all,tipsy,"unfortunately i havent been able to play this game myself, because my laptop won't support the opening cutscene, so i watched a close friend play it. After seeing them complete the entire game, i can safely say: despite years of development turmoil, hurdles, and a communication effort that the most alert dog would fail to notice, the homestuck adventure game manages to surpass my expectations in humor and charm.it keeps all the best parts of homestuck's original humor while giving it a much better pace and the jokes that hiveswap pulls off, it pulls them off *so well* that we just want to go back and replay the game.my favourite jokes were the pigeon scenes, the acrobatic pirouhette away from catdeer, and the final moments with joey and xefros melted my heart....i'm very excited to see what act 2 has to offer.  i dont have a playstation or a switch, so this is my game of the year."
,Recommended,623940,35126419,Posted: 22 September,all,im not good at this,"Hiveswap is a very interesting game to begin with.It's a point-and-click adventure game based upon the webcomic 'Homestuck'. In fact, it all started because of a kickstarter for a Homestuck adventure game!On its own, Hiveswap is a very fun love letter to old point-and-click games, like the Monkey Island series. It also is chockful of references to the real world and its webcomic counterpart.The puzzles, albeit quite easy to get the hang of, are very intuitive and is still very satisfying when solved.The music is ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING. You should buy the soundtrack. Seriously. The soundtrack is just beautiful.The art is rich in detail, and almost every detail in each room has its own specific line of dialog. Hell, all item combinations and item-detail combinations have their own unique text!This game is something that I've been looking forward to for a very long time now, and it's very nice to see it come out. It's such a beautiful game and I cannot stress enough how great it is.So please. Buy the game and play it. It's 2 hours of fun that you'd never trade for any other game like Hiveswap.(Of course, this is just Act 1 though. Act 2 when???)"
,Recommended,623940,34957904,Posted: 14 September,all,clay_the_awsome,It's so good
76561198060095183,Recommended,623940,34979676,Posted: 15 September,all,Jam,it exists
,Recommended,623940,34957792,Posted: 14 September,all,woomy,"It's finally here!So, I've just completed it and couldn't recommend it more! The art and music is incredible and really carries on the feeling of Homestuck, the web comic that this extends from. You certainly do not need to know anything about Homestuck to enjoy this, but there's a ton of stuff packed in for fans to appreciate and lore to speculate about.The game itself had no issues, although the screen does have black bars around the top and bottom occasionally, or some clickable parts of the screen half-cut off. This is most likely related to me playing the game in fullscreen in 4k resolution, but I figured I'd mention it anyway. That's about the most I've noticed here and there, but it doesn't stop you from experiencing all the game offers.It's basically an old-school point-and-click puzzle solver and there's tons to explore. You can interact with just about everything you can see in the environment and use items together or on the surroundings and it almost always gives you a unique message about it - there has to be literally thousands of all unique lines. The highlight of the game is probably that - the cute and quirky dialogue, with an obvious huge amount of thought put into it.This is, as to my knowledge, act 1 of 4. After that, a separate game will be released which tells the events from the opposite perspective. The first act was pretty short, but with about half the steam achievements unlocked from one playthrough, it's pretty guaranteed that there's way more I missed, even though I was pretty careful about exploring. I'd say you'll get about two or so hours out of this, which is pretty good because there's replay value in my opinion, especially for fans of Homestuck. The pricetag at $8 USD is an amazing value, and the soundtrack is so dense and great, I'd say get it if you have the money to spare.Congrats to Andrew Hussie and the developers at What Pumpkin! They smashed it out of the park."
,Recommended,623940,34959384,Posted: 14 September,all,PinkSheDemon,"Cute and fun art style, not very far fro the beautiful concept art. wish the hint system was a little more helpful and I expect the battles to be actually like HP and stuff like that but still interesting, waiting for more parts to release, it might feel more complete then."
,Recommended,623940,34967918,Posted: 15 September,all,Ozzeh,I AIN'T GOING TO HEAVENI ALREADY SOLD MY SOUL TO HUSSIESO I JUST WANT TO TELL YOU ALL RIGHT NOWDON'T PLAY A VIDEO GAME CALLED HIVESWAPDON'T DO ITIT'S LIKE...SUCCUBUSREMEMBER WHAT I'M SAYIN' TO YOU.
76561198023140949,Recommended,623940,34963254,Posted: 14 September,all,uncle shorty,"Don't be fooled by my playtime-- this isn't a very long game. It takes maybe three hours to beat if you just sit down and get to it. But honestly, for the amount of enjoyment and the number of genuine laughs and moments of hype i got out of this game? Eight bucks it totally reasonable for three hours of playtime.PROS- Music is absolutely stunning. Toby Fox hit the nail on the goddamn head, but when hasn't he?- Absolute truck loads of references, if you look for them and have the knowledge to recognize them. And if you don't have any prior Homestuck experience, the references aren't going to feel forced or in-your-face!- No pixel hunting!!!! At all!!! Ever!!!!! Almost unheard of for a point-and-click adventure game!!- The artwork is beautiful, lending to very immersive backgrounds that pull you in and make you want to click on just? everything?- The cutscenes (what I could see of them, more below) were wonderfully rendered, and the animation in general is all around very very smooth and fluid. It's really gorgeous to watch in action, especially Joey's Tap-Dance Strife Specibus prototype.- Did I mention no pixel hunting? Because that was a really big one for me.- Movement speed in a point-and-click that's actually reasonable! No snail's pace from one end of the screen to the other! These are some kids who know how to make like a tree and abscond in a hurry.- World-building is on point, and almost subtle in some places. It's got a fantastic build up, giving you new information just as you've finished processing the old. It does leave you guessing/wondering here and there, but in a very intentional ""this will be built upon"" way, not ""we forgot to expand on this and hope you don't notice.""- The characters are ♥♥♥♥ing AMAZING. Joey and Xefros have some really fantastic interactions, especially with the cultural differences back-and-forths. And the radio talk between Joey and Jude is some of my favorite writing to come out of a point-and-click game-- as an older sister with a younger brother, it was dialogue that felt very, very familiar. Jude and Dammek get left in the dust a bit, but will presumably be explored in HAUNTSWITCH. That said, even Jude had a couple of shining moments whenever he popped up.CONS- It wasn't always very clear what actions would progress the story and which ones wouldn't. Not necessarily a fault of the game, I suppose, but it's always disheartening when you're trying to clear out a room and suddenly get transported away, or put in a scenario that railroads you somewhere else.- Strifes were sometimes confusing? Strifing in general was VERY unclear in the first combat and just sort of tossed you into the deep end, and on one or two of the Strifes I had trouble figuring out what order the game wanted me to use abilities in. That very well might be user error however, so ymmv.- The musical transitions are a bit glitchy, especially if you stay in one room for a prolonged period of time. Usually they fixed themselves if you changed rooms, but not always.- Changing the screen resolution without restarting can Heck Things Up and icons will begin a gradual journey across the screen.- This might be unique to my poor, overtaxed laptop-- but I couldn't see a single cutscene through to the end. After about 2-3 seconds, it would freeze and then skip to the next game play bit. I tried changing screen resolution, windowed vs. not, closing background programs, and restarting my computer, all to no avail. If your personal gaming box of choice is relatively current, you're probably fine. But if it's on the older side and lower end of the game specs like mine-- be warned. You're probably gonna miss a substantial amount of plot.- It's so. SO. short. If you want a quick little world to sink your teeth into a blow a couple hours on, this might not be a bad thing. It sure wasn't for me! BUT. If you aren't necessarily a fan of the genre, want something a little more out of the game, or don't have a deep, multi-year emotionally investment in it, it's going to feel a little disappointing. Particularly since the end appears very abruptly.My guys, I hecking love it. This game isn't going to be everyone's cup of tea, and after years of waiting and all the Drama TM surrounding its Kickstarter, it might feel like a let down. But if you just let the game Exist and go for the ride, it's a ♥♥♥♥ing good ride. The developers called it a love letter to 90's adventure games, and playing it feels like drinking a steaming hot cup of Nostalgia delicately cloaked in gross monsters, conspiracy theories, absentee fathers, and weird bug aliens. If it's your cup of tea, you're gonna hecking love it."
76561198349152769,Recommended,623940,35007002,Posted: 16 September,all,Zoobie,"this game was adorably charming and creative. i may have waited a few years and almost perished twice, but i can at least say i got to play Hiveswap: Act 1! i await happily for Act: 2 and I formally welcome everyone back to the trashbin we call a fandom!"
,Recommended,623940,35030019,Posted: 17 September,all,jelli jammin',"Now that the release of HIVESWAP: ACT 1 has come and gone, and now that I have received all the achievements I can get, it's time to input my review on this game.STORY: 9.5/10Now listen, I'm a sucker for a game with a great story. And HIVESWAP certainly delivered. There's clearly more coming, since we were left with that huge cliffhanger. And being a fan of Homestuck, with its contrived plot twists and wild and wacky storytelling, I was certainly impressed by the amount of character developement and craft that WhatPumpkin packed into the game!GRAPHICS: 9/10The game looks gorgeous, straight out of a storybook. First we were promised a 3D adventure game, but we came out with a 2D point and click genre game, and I couldn't have been more pleasantly surprised by the smooth cutscenes, animations, and detailed backgrounds. It's like if you took a Humongous Entertainment game and gave it a huge texture revamp. I love it.GAMEPLAY: 8/10I hope you're not expecting too much out of gameplay. It's solid point and click.There is a part of the game once you get to Xefros' hive that you play a short minigame that you use the arrow keys for. It's Snake. But besides that? All point and click.That doesn't mean the gameplay is boring. Just basic.(RE)PLAYABILITY: 7/10If you're a puzzle expert or are using a tutorial, odds are you'll finish the game with the basic story-driven achievements in under 2 hours. If you want all the achivements, including the hidden ones, well, probably another 2 hours. There isn't much to replay the game for. Unless you want to use the spice on every object and record what it does. In which case... probably more.OVERALL: 8.5/10I have to say, yet again, I'm impressed. After The Odd Gentlemen took all the Kickstarter money and made their own game, I thought HIVESWAP was a goner. Then, WhatPumpkin turned into a game making studio, and saved the day! Through blood, sweat, tears, and weird alien liquids, this game finally came out. Any fan following this game early on might be disappointed -- not me. I wished for a bit more playing time, maybe a bit more on the mysterious Tetrarch Dammek, or some on Jude. But I'm sure we'll see that in Hauntswitch... when it comes out in four years!"
,Recommended,623940,34969684,Posted: 15 September,all,spuuky muude,"Fun and straigtforward. Has a very relaxing and nostalgic atmosphere, being set in 1994. Backgrounds are very full of character and offer a lot of humorous quips when looking around. There isn't really anything you can do wrong, and items are usually procured on a need to have basis, so no looking around in circles or backtracking. Unfortunately, due to not having any difficulty, it's a very short play. A personal qualm is that not all Homestuck lingo, such as moirallegiance, is properly explained. Even though it's a story based in the Homestuck universe, it's still a seperate narrative, and it should not be assumed that all players have read the convoluted monstrosity that is Homestuck. Other than that, simple and fun, definitely worth picking up."
,Recommended,623940,34965225,Posted: 14 September,all,Pinka,"It feels exactly like I'd expect a playable homestuck to play like. The soundtrack is great, the gameplay is fun, dialogue and text is always funny. It's a great experience as a homestuck fan. It's short though. I clocked in around 3 hours, and I'm sure better players could beat it in 2.Luckily, it's only $8. For the price i find it entirely worth the investment, despite the short playtime. Can't WAIT for later acts!"
,Recommended,623940,34973552,Posted: 15 September,all,hmaon,"I loved this game. It's short but it's funny and full of good writing and great art. Get this game if you want to meet fun characters, learn about their broken family, cilck through puzzles that are not very hard, rage against intergalactic injustice, and try to find alternate uses for a pigeon.I don't think you have to know what Homestuck is to enjoy this game. Again, it's short, but that means it left me wanting more like a good work should. I guess if you only have $8 and want a procedurally-generated 200-hour timesink, look elsewhere. If you like reading and want to be hella entertained for 3 hours, sign up for this adventure."
76561198034955528,Recommended,623940,35114166,Posted: 21 September,all,Dr. Bread,BYERS IS NOT A SNACK
76561198338579200,Recommended,623940,35055936,Posted: 18 September,all,109bat,all in all a great point and click adventure game would reccomend for a friend
,Recommended,623940,34968687,Posted: 15 September,all,caroofthesnow,"Great game so far! since i read the comic im kind of comparing it, and im seeing they dont swear, nor are they as gore-y as it was in the comic, probably for the sake of a younger audience. the combat is fun and creative, though at some points not used for fighting at all. the backgrounds are very pretty and there are some great easter eggs around if you've read homestuck. you dont even need to read the comic to understand the troll culture, as its taught to you through the interactions. there have been some bugs and typos throughout the game, but not enought to get annoyed about. Cant wait for act 2!"
76561198046715302,Recommended,623940,34968372,Posted: 15 September,all,NyonNyon,"It was amazing! For what it lacks in length it makes up for in density, the game and it's animations are GOREGEOUS! There's a special place for homestuck in my heart, I grew up with the characters, (literally, because I was 13 at the time of reading.) So I have been very anxious to play this game. I have to say; it exceeded my expectations. Even though it's short, it's one of four and (from what I've been reading?) will have multiple endings- or at the very least things that will change upon player choices. It's clear that the people working on the game genuinely love creating for homestuck, and I'm so, so glad!Even if you're not a fan, I think it's worth a play."
76561198101939115,Recommended,623940,35355952,Posted: 30 September,all,Chocavy,"I cannot remember why I bought this game. Probably something along the lines of: my friend mentioned it exists and I saw that it looks kinda cute and is a spin-off to a webcomic I stopped reading halfway through because I had no clue wth was happening anymore, so hey, whatever, let's give it a shot. Anyway, I'm really glad I did. This game is awesome.PRO:- It has lovely art and a great soundtrack.- The characters are just so goddamned loveable.- You can combine all the items in your inventory with every object and get unique, often hilarious responses.(Sorry Byers, I still love you.)- Like they said, the puzzles really aren't frustrating. Instead, they're pretty straightforward and logical. I felt like the solution was too obvious sometimes, though.- It's really funny.- The game is only loosly connected to the webcomic, so if you haven't read or finished Homestuck, you'll still be able to follow the story.NEUTRAL:- HIVESWAP: Act 1is relatively short, perhaps too short for some. I personally don't mind, especially since it's not even 10€ for the game (without the soundtrack).- It's being released in four acts, so it's going to be a while till the whole game is available.All in all, I highly recommend this game, especially if you're a fan of point-and-click adventures or Homestuck - but it's fun to play even if you haven't read the webcomic (or gave up halfway through it)!"
76561198093138337,Recommended,623940,35455703,Posted: 3 October,all,deadbeatcookies,thanks hussie
76561198133757665,Recommended,623940,34960944,Posted: 14 September,all,cthuluTerror,"Currently experiencing a bug that doesn't make the game wholly unplayable, but does interfere considerably: cutscenes lag, freeze, then skip entirely, including the very introduction and the beginning of fights. Hopefully this is fixed soon--so much art and storyline is being lost due to this. (Still have to recommend it though. Homestuck owns me.)"
76561198323929345,Not Recommended,623940,34985609,Posted: 15 September,all,Hello friends,"I personally really enjoyed the game, but I am probably capable of liking just about everything so I've decided to make a pros and cons list.PROS:+The art looked really nice. I liked the simple character designs against a more complex background, and all of the backgrounds were detailed and nice looking+I really liked the dialogue and the text that popped up when you clicked on stuff. Almost everything you combined or made interact with other things had different text, which was really cool to me.+I liked the characters and was interested to see what would happen next, which is pretty good because a lot of the times I don't care.+A lot of people complained about the mini games, but I really liked them.+The puzzles at the beginning were fun and nice to completeCONS:-The puzzles near the end were just clicking on random things and praying. The description said no dream logic but that was exactly what happened-Very glitchy. This is probably the most major problem. If just this one problem were fixed, everything would be great. When I first played it, things weren't cropped right, and everything was just off centered. Sometimes I could see parts of other rooms I didn't even know about yet.In Jude's treehouse I could see the desk drawer off to the side of the screen and actually complete the puzzle without ever clicking the deskI actually got rid of steam and reinstalled it in order for it to be functional, Now it works great, but my computer is suffering. Why should a few videos and dialogue cause so much suffering?-The strife scenes were very... strange? I feel like they would be better if there was some sort of health bar so you could feel that you were progressing in some way, and have you use some kind of fighting ability instead of relying on the random stuff you just pick up.-There were a lot of homestuck references. While this is a homestuck game, so it makes sense that there'd be references, but there were some characters that were mentioned whose implications only someone who knew the character would understand. The storyline still makes sense, and its not completely void of entertainment if you haven't read it.-The character animations were kind of off. They were kind of jittery sometimes, and other times they didn't quite match the action.Joey throws spice at something and her ""picking something up off the ground"" animation plays. Why? is she picking up minuscule particles of spice off of the ground? maybe it's not a glitch, she's just talented. Who am I to judge?Also, some times the door opening animation doesn't quite match up with the door but at this point I'm just nitpicking.-The game is pretty short. I personally was fine with it, I wish it was longer but it's like how I wish a book I was reading was longer. I don't feel cheated, I just feel excited for the next one. However some other people feel cheated and I can understand that.-Really long production time. Why did it take so long, I finished in about 3 hours.-""Everything has unique text when interacted with another thing"" is a lie. Some things would say stuff, so saying that goes against the description.-This is more of a misconception than anything else, but I thought there would be multiple endings and they did not exist. This makes the 3 hours worth that much less.OVERALL:Wait until the glitches are resolved and only then should you think about buying it. You do not want to go though the pain I went through. After the glitches are fixed, then continue to proceed cautiously. I love homestuck and I love a lot of the things in this game, but watch a playthrough if you just want to see the pretty pictures."
,Recommended,623940,35010033,Posted: 16 September,all,Jelly Painter,I enjoyed it
,Recommended,623940,35109841,Posted: 21 September,all,=hb2b=,"5 Y E A R SBut pretty good, whether you like Homestuck or not. A bit unpolished and short for its price, but very well-written and intuitive. Roll on Act 2 in 2021!"
,Recommended,623940,35061530,Posted: 19 September,all,O.P.T.I.C,"Hussie's amazing first attempt in adapting his masterpiece. A lot of the writing won't make sense unless you've read Homestuck, but if you're trying to get into the fandom this is a good first step."
76561198271354385,Not Recommended,623940,34998470,Posted: 16 September,all,sarcasticGear,"Ok. OK. I ♥♥♥♥in' love Homestuck, yeah? You can probably guess that from my icon. However.Look, I won't get into a review of the game's plot, gameplay etcetera... BECAUSE I GOT TO SEE EXACTLY JACK OF IT. The first cutscene freezes, and it won't let me watch it. Before you ask: no, I'm not the only one this has happened to, at least according to Reddit, and my PC doesn't suck THAT much. How am I supposed to give a good review to a game I can't even play because of technical issues? Unless I see a patch that fixes this, I will do my best to tell everyone how disappointed I am, because Jesus ♥♥♥♥ing Christ."
,Not Recommended,623940,34988070,Posted: 15 September,all,Little Green Ghouls,The art is amazing.But that's about all that is... :/
,Not Recommended,623940,34969534,Posted: 15 September,all,CasualCollision,"The game has amazing visuals, good music, and endearing writing that you'll feel right at home with if you're familiar with Andrew Hussie's other works. Because of all those reasons, I can look past the minor bugs, the horrendously limited video settings, or even the fact that it's supposedly only 3 hours long. But one fatal flaw that I cannot forgive is that it's the most poorly optimized game I've ever played, no joke.Seriously, as good as the visuals are, a game of this magnitude could have been pulled off in the early to mid 2000's and run butter smooth on low end machines of that era no problem. Instead, the game overheats my admittedly dated laptop in a matter of minutes, and chugs during cutscenes. By comparison, I can play both seasons of TellTale's The Walking dead for hours and only occasionally have to close it to let my laptop cool down. There's no excuse as to why I can run those games, but not this.I'm not forgetting that this is a freaking 2D point and click adventure. HD or not, what could possibly be eating up so many resources? The most taxing thing it would need to do is render a few layers of animated bitmaps. The other things like music, cutscenes, and UI are all things that have been around and haven't been innovated on since 2000. I suspect it's due to a combination of flimsy programming, and a bunch of junk tacked on by the Unity engine that the game doesn't even need. The game honestly would have been better off being built from the ground up.You might not be able to empathize with me if you have even a decent computer by today's standards, but if you're like me and you're too broke to afford a new computer to replace your toaster that you've managed to keep running for half a decade, then I can't recommend this game. The minimum requirements page is misleading, and even then, it still shouldn't take that much processing power to run a 2D point & click adventure."
76561197995258250,Not Recommended,623940,34961367,Posted: 14 September,all,airolsen,"for such a lenghty development time and understanding the ammount of effort placed into the game I was utterly caught off guard by the lack of content, of what was playable was great, but there is simply so little to play, about 2-4 hours worth. a true dissapointment"
,Recommended,623940,34963096,Posted: 14 September,all,The Qweakster [GoG][QWKgive],"Short Story:This game is just awesome.Not Short Story But Still Kind of Short Story:You do not have to know anything about Homestuck to enjoy HIVESWAP: ACT 1.Sure, knowing about Homestuck makes some things clearer from the start, but it isn't essential.Now:The game itself is really fun and challenging at some parts.The animations are really smooth, and the artwork is amazing.Strife in act 1 is more what items used in a specific order can benefit you most.While act 1 only takes about 2 hours to play through, it feels like a full game, but thank Hussie it isn't.There are some bugs, but almost all of the ones I've encountered were fixed in the recent patch.And that's it, overall awesome, while short.If you think that you shouldn't buy it just because it doesn't take long to play through, it has 44 achievements to be unlocked by doing various things in different ways, so playing it again and again unlocks more achievements depending on how you play."
,Recommended,623940,35028005,Posted: 17 September,all,KingThyGuy,The game was charming and full of jokes. Can't wait for act 2.
76561197990656085,Recommended,623940,34988927,Posted: 15 September,all,karathkasun,"If you enjoy interactive fiction this is a pretty good product.  Two hours of entertainment and story for ~$8 seems pretty fair given the prices of other types of visual entertainment available.My only gripe is that, while the visuals are great, the implementation seems rushed.  If the little graphical quirks get worked out moving forward I would have no problem giving this an eight or nine out of ten.  With the current small bugs and whatnot I would give it a solid seven.  Worth the purchase, but only just.If the implementation gets polished with updates I will be getting the new episodes when they happen."
,Recommended,623940,35024146,Posted: 17 September,all,Lil' 2.lynns the slug-god🔫~ATH,"I just want more.  Give me more acts as soon as you can.  The art is incredible.  The music is amazing.  The puzzles are a little easy if you grew up in the 90's with some of the more obscure point and click games.  The story however is top notch.  It all really comes together very nicely.  I'd pay 60$ for a 20-30 hour version of this.  Or 8$ for 3-5 hour episodes every few months I guess.  What ever format you want, just give me more."
76561198073771162,Recommended,623940,35030245,Posted: 17 September,all,spak.,"This game is incredible, though a bit short.This game is also incredibly beautiful. The drawings of characters , backgrounds, monsters and the super fluid, beautiful animation - just about everything looks fantastic. And the art style it all combines into ends up being one of my favorite in a video game - ever.Then there's the music which is also incredible and fantastic. Composed by Toby Fox and James Roach from the homestuck team (one of which also made the game and music of Undertale, which has one of my favorite video game soundtracks) the music fits every scene perfectly and has a very unique aesthetic. From big haunting melodies to quirky little songs based on short samples it all just fits and just pleases my ears to an ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic level.The gameplay of this game definitely isn't for everybody. It's mostly just point and click (except for the snake puzzles) and is based on solving puzzles. The puzzles are kind of inconsistent. While some feel very well thought out and fun to solve, some of them feel very off and in some cases plain unnessecary.For the gameplay you walk around areas clicking on everything to get information and dialouge (more on that in a second) and find items that you will have to use and combine in different situations and with different objects to progress. There's also a couple of battle sequences against monsters. The battle sequences will initially just look like it's a turn based battle, but the battles are also just puzzles (but with some rad exciting music and cool looking monsters). You can't just beat the monsters to a pulp (cause you're just a kid) so you have to use imaggination and find another way.Personally I love the gameplay to bits but as I said, it definitely isn't for everyone. There's a LOT of reading, which is what brings life and character to the game, but if you have a short attention span or just hate reading this probably isn't for you.Speaking about reading, what you'll be reading are mostly descriptions, Joey Claire's (main character) thoughts, dialouge and chatlogs. All of which have freaking fantastic writing. I cannot stress enough how important the writing in character/story based games is. The writing is usually one of the defining factors for me in how immersed I am. And this game just nails the kind of geek dialouge and writing that actually exist. Sometimes games will come off as if it was a 50 year old bussiness man in a suit writing what he thinks kids say and how they talk without any help from anyone else and the whole thing just ends up feeling completely disconnected from the world. But this game just nails the great nerd speak, webhumor, references to both homestuck and other work, and you know, everything that you've come to expect from the writer of homestuck. Amazing writing, major props to Andrew Hussie for pulling this off so excellently.The detail in the game is also extremely high and something I kept noticing. They have written extreme amounts of text responding to almost everything you do. You'l have about ten items in your inventory that you can click and use on pretty much anything in the game. Depending on what item you use and what you use it on you will pretty much always get unique dialouge written just for that action and I can't imagine how much time they must've spent on writing that. Sometimes they even make it so if you do the same obscure action that has no impact on the story or progression over and over again the dialouge/text will continue to change and sometimes mock the player.I just really love this stuff okay?I haven't talked much about the story since you get a brief description of it on the steam page and I feel that it is meaningless to talk much about in a review except for saying that it's good or it's bad. This story is good. A lot of plotholes as of now (there's more to come obviously, the story isn't finished yet) but it is very good and interesting.One thing I have to point out is kind of weird and cluncky is the map layout. The perspective often changes violently when you walk into a new room and you're sometimes left wondering where you came from.That's  a summary of my most important thoughts that bumbled around my head while watching the credits. If you enjoy good writing, music and art style, get this game, or you'll be missing out. If you enjoy the game you should probably also read homestuck, though it might be intimidating seeing the incredible length. The length does make for very deep character development and such though."
,Recommended,623940,35089147,Posted: 20 September,all,MaxOfS2D,"I tried to read Homestuck... once. Seven years ago. I barely made it past the second chapter, everything was needlessly confusing. However, I thoroughly enjoyed this game and its attention to detail, as well as how nicely it explains its universe. However, I will say it's a bit of a shame that some of the images have their sides cut off occasionally (feels like a bug), and how a couple of the cutscenes are extremely rough compared to others. A more even execution would definitely be better."
,Recommended,623940,34986904,Posted: 15 September,all,Speeth,"NOTE: Despite this being a largely positive review, I recommend for most prospective buyers that you wait for certain issues mentioned below to be patched.It's fun. It's really, really fun. And totally, unquestionably Homestuck. Let me elaborate:The writing is so far beyond great as to defy adjectives (didn't I just say that?).The utterly over-the-top (at least superficial) interactability of every item and ability you pick up with every object in the environment is the means by which you access the lion's share of text in the game, and one of the greatest sources of fun throughout is wondering what connection the characters/the narrator will make between the two wholly unrelated objects you just pushed together, and how the narrator will next insult you or voice their exasperation with your obsessive need to poke things with other things. When some of the especially ridiculous combinations lead to actual Steam achievements, the feeling is tremendously satisfying.Given that it is ACTUALLY a point-and-click adventure game, much of the humor has a more game-medium-oriented, ""mechanical"", Problem Sleuth/Homestuck Acts 1-3 vibe than the crazy""callback-within-a-callback-within-a-callback-too-many-dead-Nepetas-holy-crap-is-that-Shrek-HUSSIE-NO""humor of the latter 2/3 of Homestuck. Which will be perhaps a disappointment for a good number of fans, but a HUGE plus for many including myself.The music is. just. SO GOOD. James Roach and Toby Fox composed the lion's share, and it's UHMAZING. It brings back the beloved earlier-Homestuck feature of ""character music""--pieces or motifs that are specific to and meant to evoke the perspective of particular characters, and it does it damn well.The action sequences are not the game's strong suit, in my opinion, and the STRIFE system, while very visually evocative of its source material within Homestuck, is kind of a frustrating and mechanically insubstantial affair. What makes up for it is the puns that appear as ""move descriptions"" or ""combat flavor text"" when you try out various things in combat--they need to be seen to be believed.The art is real pretty. Just super, super pretty.The relationships between the characters are magnificent and mundane and dysfunctional and wonderful (again, it's Homestuck).Superlative praise so far. Now for the cons:There are a lot of typos. I mean a LOT of typos. 1 in 4 chunks of game text, as of launch night, contains one or more duplicate words, misspellings, or other typographical errors. This is the highest typo density I've ever seen in a game, outside the very worst/cheapest dating-sim visual novels and text-heavy flash games. Given how great the text (as intended) is, and what a huge part of the game it comprises, this is really disappointing to me--but thankfully for later players, it is much easier for the devs to fix than almost any other bug/mistake in the game, and I'm sure the bug reports are already flooding in.Clicking on objects in the environment is visually buggy. Some things that are not mutually interactable (i.e. poking thing B with thing A does nothing) nonetheless display the cursor change intended to represent interactability, only to switch back to the regular cursor and do nothing else when actually clicked to interact.There are more than a couple situational text mistakes, including one really profoundly disappointing ""narrative sequence break"" in which interacting with an important object provided text that was clearly only meant to be displayed when I came back to that area much later and had completed several intermediary objectives, and actually spoilered the immediately-followinghourof gameplay (by describing those as-yet-unintroduced intermediate objectives as if I had already performed them). Another such problem which prevents an obstacle to progression (to which I have yet to identify a workaround, though I know one either exists or else the objective in question is a non-required subthread of gameplay, because people have completed the game) involves an item nowhere in sight being described as right in front of you (and all the objects supposedly around it referring, upon interaction, to this more important object theoretically nestled amongst them). Another involves a character attempting to perform a complex operation, which they initially fail, followed by game text reminding them they left themselves instructions in another room. I looked high and low for said instructions, found no sign of them, and eventually went back to the original room and clicked to attempt the operation again on the off-chance some different text would display giving me a further hint to the instructions' location. Despite my having found/done nothing in the interim, this second attempt actually successfully completed the puzzling operation, and progressed the story beyond the need to find the elusive (and ostensibly necessary) instructions.Clicking the open spaces of an environment to walk around within it is quite clunky, and I experienced a fair amount of frustration trying to find the right spots to click to make characters walk across certain rooms so I could see what was off-camera.unfortunately, given the previously mentioned ""real-pretty""-ness of the art, the animation during cutscenes is far from fluid--very few frames of animation per second. This is not a huge frustration, and it by no means ruins the action being presented, but it's noticeable.See near the bottom of the first bulleted list for my comments on the STRIFE (combat) system.At this point, I would say--if you are not one of the untold myriad including myself who are driven by a blood-compulsion to play and complete and devour and pick clean the nostalgia-spiced carcass of this game RIGHT NOW--wait a while for the less systemic issues to be ironed out before purchasing. After a bit of cleanup by the devs, you are sure to have the truly captivating, feels-inducing, laughter-provoking, magnificently bizarre experience you deserve, and which the wonderful people behind this game so earnestly wish to provide you. :)"
76561198068693676,Recommended,623940,35085066,Posted: 20 September,all,mghvs,"I tried to spice a mummy, and subsequently had a mental breakdown.Absolutely wonderful game"
,Recommended,623940,34967972,Posted: 15 September,all,Time Traveller,Tried to throw out my little brother's favourite POGs. Got an achievement instead. 10/10
,Recommended,623940,35000805,Posted: 16 September,all,Kiwi,"Arrrrgghh this was so fun to play!!!Reminds me of those old point 'n' click DOS games I used to play as a kid.It's a little unclear though as to what you're supposed to do during the combat sequences. I felt like I was just trying to click stuff in a certain order until something happened. Or maybe I'm just really stupid. :PLike other people have mentioned too, there's also a couple of bugs I encountered during my playthrough, like clicking on an exit during some dialogue, and then not being able to exit the room afterwards, and the game taking around 20 seconds to load a cutscene. But I guess that's typical for a game that just got released a few days ago, I suppose.Other than that, the game is magnifique! The level of detail and soundtrack (seriously considering buying it!), makes this game earn my seal of approval! :DAlso, you don't need to be a fan of Homestuck to play this.I don't really know much about it myself, but I found this really charming and humourous."
76561198423017104,Recommended,623940,34963354,Posted: 14 September,all,krispyrispy,"Ahhhhh, so glad that I could get my hands on this as soon as possible! I'm a little upset though, because none of the cut scenes played on my computer, which is probably because of my ram, but it's still upsetting nonetheless. Thank you Andrew Hussie for letting me sell my soul a second time :o)"
76561198045651378,Recommended,623940,34962356,Posted: 14 September,all,Cap'n Walrus,"So Hiveswap is a point and click adventure game based off of Homestuck, which is a webcomic based off of point and click adventure games.Just like the lore, everything is coming full circle."
76561198345826913,Recommended,623940,34963313,Posted: 14 September,all,cainzepher,five minutes into the game and im caght on the series again
,Recommended,623940,34962473,Posted: 14 September,all,devilord1o1,really wish I this came out more early but better late than ever. AND ITS GOOOOD!
76561198276215662,Recommended,623940,34963423,Posted: 14 September,all,Lukemorelikepuke,"This game is gorgeous, funny and...I still can't believe this actually came out...and it's super good. Buy this game. If you are a homestuck fan and you haven't bought it then you are missing out big time."
,Recommended,623940,34965680,Posted: 14 September,all,CynicalSupernova,"How to describe Act 1 of Hiveswap? Hmm.Well for starters, as a long time fan of the Homestuck series I have to say it's very true to the universe it's set in, and every bit as much detailed. The art in this game for example is so full of character you can't help but recognize the effort gone into it by the WP team. The same could be said for the character actions- it's very reminicent of its predesessor. The effort gone into the sylladex and the various combinations was enjoyable as were the little puzzles strewn about the game which were not too bad in terms of dicciculty.As for the downside to this game, the only real issue I had was with the cutscenes which were pretty common. The issue however did go away after so tinkering with the video settings, and even though thats not an ideal situation its understandable- having played it within hours of the release ... there's bound to be bugs somewhere.Overall I look forward to the next few acts in the making and of course Hauntswitch. I would really suggest this game (but i'd wait a few days until some bugs are fixed) for those looking for an interesting or detailed/easter-egg ridden setting those just looking for a new story or just to have fun!"
,Recommended,623940,34965710,Posted: 14 September,all,Bot Don,completely loved this game and despite the bugs its obvious a lot of love and work went into it. highly recommend
,Recommended,623940,34965515,Posted: 14 September,all,trashyvoid,"Hiveswap was such a nostalgia-filled game whether you grew up in the 90's or not. Homestuck made up (and is still making up) the majority of my teenage years, so playing this game took me back to a trip down memory lane. I felt 13 again! I remember what it was like painting myself grey with badly made horns and painted shirts!It's so refreshing to see Homestuck references in the game and laughing, thinking ""I remember reading that in an upd8!"" or something along the lines.Nostalgia aside, the writing was splendid. The way you could combine any item together and have some sort of feed back and the strife mechanics are laid out beautifully. The sceneries, the character designs, the interactions and the little pieces of lore and plot sprinkled in here and there was just perfect.I look forward to Act 2 and Hauntswitch!"
,Recommended,623940,34975630,Posted: 15 September,all,English,"This game is amazing. I've followed the development and updates since i finished Homestuck, and the wait was totally worth it.+ Amazing Graphics+ Amazing Music+ Not too easy, Not too difficult+ More Alternia :D- It's short (But there will be acts 2, 3 and 4 so that's fine)"
,Recommended,623940,34977510,Posted: 15 September,all,stapmoshun,"Hussie and his crew have successfully turned this gigantic, beautiful spectacle of a webcomic into a game. Not surprising, really, as the webcomic was already in somewhat of a gaming format with its second-person perspective. But What Pumpkin Studios has really made their mark with their first installment of HIVESWAP. The animation and art is gorgeous, the story heartwarming and characters unique and lovable in their own way. The iconic, witty, and smart manner in which Andrew Hussie writes that is so prominently displayed in Homestuck has made its way here. Not to mention the deep meanings and themes either hidden between the lines or in plain sight; such as interactions and conflict between everyday people and big controlling corporations, modern-day technology used for the wrong purposes, mindsets of an alien planet compared to 1990s Earth, and rebellion and war.What Pumpkin is going to make a lot of money with this series. There are likely to be many acts to come, and each act possibly being eight dollars? It is well deserved, though. I love this fandom, I love this franchise, and I can't wait for the installments to come. Well done, Hussie. You really put those 2.5 million bucks to work. Instead of wasting it on some ring for some fictitious scorpion chick."
,Recommended,623940,34960364,Posted: 14 September,all,midnightbringer,"As an already longterm fan of MSPA, I really liked the game not just because it's Hussie's latest work but because, Hussie and all those who worked on the game added their own quirks and charm into every detail of the game, and if your a fan of homestuck it helps flesh out the world of Aternia. You get to see what modern day Alternia looks and behaves like instead of just getting the descriptions from your favorite trolls and some transient backstory from Doc Scratch and the Beforus Trolls. As I mentioned earlier I really enjoyed the heart and soul that was put into this game, while short, it left me wanting more.In Short: can't wait for Act 2!"
76561198044679741,Recommended,623940,34985768,Posted: 15 September,all,Friendly Neighbourhood Lesbian,"Lovely game! I don't usually enjoy this genre, but they weren't kidding when they said it had all the charm, but none of the frustration of most point-and-clicks.Story: 5/5The perfect length for an episodic game, in my opinion. Enough callbacks and reference to the original comic to satisfy long-time fans, but you have no need to know the lore beforehand to complete the game. This game does tie some unanswered questions in the comic together and reveal things most people wouldn't even have speculated, but again, understanding them isn't needed to enjoy the game.Gameplay and Combat: 4/5Favourite thing about the gameplay is how efficient it is. The walking pace changed depending on the situation to ease frustration. For example, if you were to click something at the far end of a room, Joey would speedwalk there to inspect it instead of her usual pace she takes when walking regularly. It's minor, but really pleasant.Combat is very user-friendly, but feels scripted (I'm guessing that was intended). The only challenge I felt was figuring out which option to use to win, I didn't ever come to a situation where I felt like I was gonna lose. Keeping in mind I have not yet tried to lose a strife.Graphics: 4.5/5Absolutely adorable! Keeps in line with Homestuck's style (notable addition: arms), and the animation is consistent. Really pleasing to look at. The contrast between living/moving objects and the scenes was good, they stuck out adequately yet were as elegant as the background itself.The backgrounds were beautiful, but it was a little difficult at times to make out which objects I could inspect/interact with. Sometimes they were in a cluttered corner, or even a couple of items cluttered together, and a few just blended in to the scenery. However, this didn't take away from my enjoyment , and the middle ground between ""completely hidden in the background"" and ""so obvious its basically telling you"" is hard to reach.Music: 4.5/5Fitting and familiar. I shouldn't be surprised at how many songs there were, given the source material and development team. Transitions between songs when entering different areas was smooth and pleasant, felt mostly natural. I have nothing bad to say about the music, only that it didn't grab me the same way the Homestuck soundtrack did.The price increase from the game alone to with the soundtrack was very fair. Would reccomend getting it with.Characters: 6/5Oh my gosh, the characters. I don't know how to talk about characters without spoiling much, but this episode established more depth than I thought it would. Adorable characters, not without flaws, still adorable. I wish I could back this up more with words, but writing a review this late at night doesn't help me.Overall: 4.5 starsSuper nice and satisfying to play! Short but not too short, and full of story. Can't wait until the next installment!(I didn'd read any reviews before writing this. If this is exactly the same as someone else's,then...oops?)"
,Recommended,623940,34985574,Posted: 15 September,all,Ultimate Hanamaru Lover™,"Perfect game love the art, tons of references to Roxy, she's great, also Homestuck in general. Joey is amazing, Jude's a nerd, Xefros is a sweetie, uh, experience it for yourself! just give up $8 to the MSPA lords and you can experience the prequel to Homestuck!Oh, also the soundtrack is pretty good, James and Toby did a good job."
,Recommended,623940,35139251,Posted: 22 September,all,Xefros Tritoh,"It is proof that I can never be free of Hussie's clutches, I bought it the day it was released."
,Recommended,623940,35157448,Posted: 23 September,all,ThatFriendlyEngie,Good game. Only seemed a quarter completed though.
76561198086756449,Recommended,623940,34988846,Posted: 15 September,all,bob,I've waited years for this game and its amazing
,Recommended,623940,35001837,Posted: 16 September,all,Hiveswap Hype,"This game is amazing! I realy think it lived up to all the hype, and I am so glad it is finally out!"
76561198069538713,Recommended,623940,35001973,Posted: 16 September,all,Dead Inside,"The day before this came out I literally told my friend there were going to be kids who didn't know what Homestuck would be and I was wrong, considering Act 2 will come out in 2117Hiveswap is actually really charming and even though I did read Homestuck I understood nothing that happened during it and I felt like for the most part this game was good at explaining the universe thus far. Also it's super entertaining? I'm dead inside."
,Recommended,623940,35157835,Posted: 23 September,all,Desharpie,"This is a fun game! Give it a go!X / Xfrom now on, im gonna use this 'X' thing X:D"
,Recommended,623940,34960090,Posted: 14 September,all,BlueeLemons,"i was so excited for this to FINALLY come out and im anything but disappointed after finishing act 1!while the cutscenes were lagging a lot, due to my laptop being very slow, the actual gameplay worked fine!and since ill be replaying this multiple times i dont really mind missing stuff in my first playthrough either.the ""typical homestuck humor"" translated so well into the game and the characters are just great, as well as the story!im so excited to get to learn more about alternian culture!!(the writing/dialogue is as awesome as always)do i even need to mention the artwork?? yes i do because its absolutely stunning!and this defintely isnt homestuck-fan-exclusive! anyone can play and enjoy thisand im overall just so happy at how good this turned out to be.cant wait to replay this multiple times-and for act 2 to come out of course!!!"
,Recommended,623940,34987762,Posted: 15 September,all,White Cisgender Male,That January was long as F##k
76561198160521020,Recommended,623940,34985056,Posted: 15 September,all,SuperJesus,Now I get to throw money at Lord Hussie on steam too!
76561198421236539,Recommended,623940,34985177,Posted: 15 September,all,witchyfi,"Adorable, witty and overall a great game, even if you haven't read the webcomic before!"
76561198397766691,Recommended,623940,34985441,Posted: 15 September,all,shulkerninja,really good. great soundtrack and plot. totaly worth waiting 5 years.
76561198148023794,Recommended,623940,34985779,Posted: 15 September,all,Meow,The only reason this is E10+ is because they removed Eridanrip Eridanalso this is a great game buy it if you like puzzles!
,Recommended,623940,34958587,Posted: 14 September,all,Mechakitty,"YOU DON'T NEED TO KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT HOMESTUCK TO ENJOY THE GAME!...aham...just to be clear.HIVESWAPOpening case: Hiveswap always got me intrigued, as the game's development was turbulent and the fact that I love Hussie's work, I've been heart broken once by Mighty N.9 and didn't want to go through the pain again, either way I spent all day on my computer refreshing the page so I could help people on the same page as I was.ACT 1: Presentation to new audienceThe First act released a few hours ago and I'm pretty happy with it, every room is packed to the brim with objects to interact and different ways to do so, point-and-clicks are alredy hard to come across, ones with different dialog on each object depending on how you interact with it is really something to praise, I spent 3 hours on the first act and half of that was only interacting with the background to read the neatly written dialog.Music is fine, didn't have time to become repetitive, it's nothing to buy the soundtrack for yet, if they continue making songs for the next episodes I can see why one would buy the soundtrack edition, I didn't tough.No puzzle was really hard to figure out but I don't think they are suposed to for now as the first act seems like a tutorial, that said they are really well integrated to the plot, there is also a minigame and I hope more are added, it's a nice contrast to the gameplay.This first episode was a little slow but I think it was needed to present the world to players, I'm overall happy with it, it ended on a high note and I'm with good expectations for the next episode!I'll be reviewing the next acts as they come out, as of this review I came across two bugs, one which crashed my game and made me waste around 10 minutes, it's far from a mess but they are there, save often!"
76561198353951369,Recommended,623940,34985463,Posted: 15 September,all,naegi,ok now i just have to wait 10 years for act 2
,Recommended,623940,34995749,Posted: 16 September,all,dirt™,"It is safe to say A LOT of people have waited years for this game. It is for sure a good game, especially for the price. Although the game isn't entirely in canon with the comic (so far?), there are a lot of throwbacks (The babysitter obviously being Roxy, obvious references to Lord English and Jake English, etc.) to the orginal comic which makes me believe it will eventually be a tie-in to the main story... somehow? I guess we'll see.Pros:- interesting new cast- quirky humor- throwbacks to the comic- beautiful visuals- decent price- decent length- interesting puzzle solvingCons:- the strife battles were more annoying than fun- had issues with it freezing everytime I opened it but no other similar issues in game- does have some slow moments"
,Recommended,623940,34977199,Posted: 15 September,all,JpNachos,"I am going to make an adaptation of an reddit post I've madeProblems:There are bugs. Which, leaving in account that this is an indie pc game is very normal. However, some stuff is really annoying, like cutscenes being skipped, and a resolution changing bug.Most of the mid game cutscenes are just still images that change after one or two seconds. would not be too bad, bus most of the time there isn't a transitioning animation for the character before and after the cutscene, and some of the regular animations don't really interact withe the enviroment (I.E.: opening a door)Joey opening doors animations annoys me. She should've interact with the door's handle. small nitpick but stillThe puzzles are not challengingIt is Short. It can be divided in only two segments, and if you go running you can finish it in like an hour. Of course, that's normal for a point-and-click adventure game, since you usually have to interact with everything to extent it's time. but still, the game should have more playtime, speacially with the amount received with kickstarter money.The good stuff:The story. Nothing mind super blowing like the mid homestuck, but Honestly, it is probably because I know most of troll culture and have watched the trailers over and over again. It gives to me the same feeling I have with the initial acts of homestuck. If this indicates anything, Act 2 of hiveswap will be very good, like letters acts of the original work. It's a good introduction to both hiveswap and hauntswitch. It shows the protagonists of the games, the initial threats that they are fighting, the world(and house) they live in, and hints of other characters that will help or antagonize them. It has good potential, and I don't really like to criticize a story for it's beginning, the mid stuff is what matters. And a satisfying ending I guess.Jokes: They are funny, and that's all I have to say on the matterMusic: I don't regret buying the album without knowing if the songs are good or bad.Strife battles: They are all pretty nice, although there is a short amount of themCharacters: They are all lovely, and have all potential to grow, although if they do not in the following acts... they might look one-dimensional.You can interact with everything with almost everythingYou don't need to read homestuck to know what's happening. Everything  a new player won't know and need to know at the moment, the game will explain.Neutral:Animation:They are good, however I wish there were more of them, especially in the middle of the game, the lack of transitioning between a character in the screen and a still image cutscene get's a bit annoying.Dialogues: They are condesced in information and are funny sometimes. Although they can be a bit long.Conclusion:It's a good introduction, and if the following episodes expand on characters, lore and playtime it can be very good as a whole.The price is a bit expensive for the size of the game, but might be worth it if the following acts are cheaper. like 4+ dollars cheaperNow if you are a new player... even though I recommend this game you have to know that the game is around 3 hours, the following acts could get good or not. And you still will have to pay for them, are they going to be cheaper? What Pumpkin haven't given information on this yet. So, really think before buying.I am going to rate this first act 7/10, 8/10 if the bugs are fixed. Going to update this in the next acts."
,Recommended,623940,34961988,Posted: 14 September,all,✿ Red,A really fun spinoff point and click adventure set in the Homestuck universe! It gave me a good 2-3 hours of gameplay with tons of hidden easter eggs and references to the webcomic. 11/10 would nostalgia again
76561198164304309,Recommended,623940,35007927,Posted: 16 September,all,blueroom90,"Though it was short, it was absolutely worth the $8. Whether you are a Homestuck fan or just happened upon this game, it is a beautiful point and click adventure game that anybody could enjoy."
76561198127435369,Recommended,623940,35007863,Posted: 16 September,all,Sleepy Prince,"Better than I ever could have expected. I was in the fandom a million years ago and found the references to the comic funny, but the games also set up so that you dont even need any knowledge of the universes lore to get into it. Also Xefros is probably the most pure and beautiful character ever."
76561198111632332,Recommended,623940,34960869,Posted: 14 September,all,Mya,play it u dummies
,Recommended,623940,35024845,Posted: 17 September,all,Shou,You guys should try it ;-; Puzzle is alright and the art is beautiful. Xefros my boi need to be protected
,Recommended,623940,34981600,Posted: 15 September,all,ехееее,As a Homestuck fan i really enjoyed this throwback to somewhat the start of all of it. Although it wasnt anything close to the original Homestuck i really liked this new kind of way this story is going.
76561198071485803,Recommended,623940,35025198,Posted: 17 September,all,Huntergorh,"A very nice, if short, point and click adventure. Tons of combinations to play around with, each with their own little humorous quip. Hoping Act 2 will be longer!"
,Recommended,623940,35054176,Posted: 18 September,all,XwX wan♋,"I mean...I like that it's homestuck.I also love that it turns into a survival apocalypse game! It forces you into finding batteries so you can talk to your commanding officer on an...I quote ""UNSECURED CHANNEL"" to survive the black/green apocalypse.Still gotta say though...♥♥♥♥♥♥ Grammar."
76561198080123161,Recommended,623940,35025547,Posted: 17 September,all,Speikobrarote,"Lovely music, which was to be expected. Each Homestuck animation had just the perfect music and this game is no exception. The artstyle is lovely and is a collab of several people doing their best.The game has a few bugs here and there but except for one, they arent gamebreaking.Dont speedrun or rush through the game. Take your time. Try to use everything on everything. I mean it. Try feeding the batteries to the globe wizard or use some spice on a mummy. Its a dialogue/monologue heavy game with lots of memes, puns and insiders of various series shows books... just everything.Cant wait for act 2 which will probably come out.... 2080 or something."
,Recommended,623940,35000516,Posted: 16 September,all,Starlet Hitam,"Absolutely wonderful! Lovely music too! I really have low expectations so this game exceeded all of them haha. There are little to no reference to Homestuck, even though it DOES live in HS universe. I don't know if this is a good thing or a bad thing...This game really reminds me of point & click games i used to play when i was a kid. Samantha Swifts, Women Murders Club, Detective Grimoire, and other detectives / archeologists-themed games... Very frustrating when i got no hints and rapidly clicked everywhere hahaha. It was so FUN. Nostalgia!!!So yeah, totally recommended. I'll wait for the next installment!"
,Recommended,623940,35027542,Posted: 17 September,all,torresjoshua867,i love hiveswap but the lags and bugs are really bad and It took me 3 days to beat it cause of the lag
,Recommended,623940,34960347,Posted: 14 September,all,Isidro54321 (Isidro Dreemurr),it epic
76561198202300536,Recommended,623940,34961332,Posted: 14 September,all,Garren,"Its a canon prequel to homestuck played in a Telltale style. If you like homestuck and wanna continue looking at lore for it, then youll enjoy it. Anyone else, its still enjoyable without any homestuck knowledge, but youll miss some references (not any important ones, though).Biggest problem currently is that it feels a little too short. Granted, the group making this (which includes Andew Hussie of Homestuck and Toby Fox of Undertale) went through development hell for 5 years because of The Odd Gentleman supposedly running off with their money, but still.That in mind though, its still a good start to its series. They set everything up enough to have enough holes to cover without going overboard, giving a reason for people to come back for the next episodes.I like it."
,Recommended,623940,34961269,Posted: 14 September,all,McBeara,"A fun adventure! A simple point and click game with adorable (and impressive!) visuals and puzzles that make you think a little more than some casual gaming experiences but not tricky enough to leave you frustrated.If you're a Homestuck fan, this is full of tiny easter eggs to events and characters in the comic.If you're not a Homestuck fan it's still a fun introduction with enjoyable characters and an easy to understand basis of humor.Can't wait to see more!"
76561198305304021,Recommended,623940,34961272,Posted: 14 September,all,rachel02169,"I love the game and have been waiting for it forever! There are some references to Homestuck that make me die on the inside not going to lie. There were some glitches(?) where the screen wasn't centered but other than that it was wonderful and so nostalgic to play, I loved it!"
76561198063002996,Recommended,623940,35008784,Posted: 16 September,all,Gunny McPistol,"I've never even read Homestuck, nor do I know anything about it. But regardless, I had a great time playing this game.The art style is charming, the music is amazing and the story is really interesting. The only thing I didn't like was the combat system, had to fidget with it a bit to understand what does what, a help/guide would be nice.In any case, I enjoyed it, and await Act II."
,Recommended,623940,34989497,Posted: 15 September,all,By Zero The Wizard [NPU],Nice now hiveswap will ruin my life
76561198056837302,Recommended,623940,34987613,Posted: 15 September,all,Protean Nudibranch,"Great writing and wondeful characters.  The gameplay is well-built and enjoyabke.  Strongly recommended, especially at only $8!"
76561197971425129,Recommended,623940,35100603,Posted: 21 September,all,TheStratovarian,"I wasn't heavily into the homestuck aspect as many others that reviewed this have been. But, this game was a huge enjoyment to play. It isnt long, odds are about 2-3 hours, but i feel the money was well spent.Pokes, homages, commentary, and so much more that just brought this out into an adventure start I just had fun with. This is a definite buy if you have interacted with the homestuck series much at all, early or late. And a very solid one to get if you enjoy the point and click adventures. The world oozes charm, appeal and has so much going for it in the presentation."
,Recommended,623940,34960952,Posted: 14 September,all,Ruminations,"The game is short, but it is a blast to play through. Highly reccommended."
76561198392999174,Recommended,623940,35008703,Posted: 16 September,all,salinasjennygomez,"I was a Homestuck fan when I was in high school and I kind of regret my cringiness. This game, although it kind of reminds me of my cringe days, was super good. It wasn't hard to play, really I'm just in it for the story. The story is really good and the characters are super endearing. I can't wait to see the other characters! This is a super cute and charming game. The animation and art is simple and fantastic. The music, unsurprisely, was super quirky and beautiful. I'm already ready to play Act 2 :D"
76561198025558044,Recommended,623940,34962912,Posted: 14 September,all,Coconut Macarons,"As soon as I knew it was out I immediately bought it. I know who I am. I know where I came from.It's a great beginning, but it's just that, a beginning. It was only two hours and I'm not sure it's entirely worth it? But I mean. I can't look you in the eyes and tell you I'm not going to buy the next part. I am. We both know it. We all know it.The humor is excellent, the art is beautiful, and aside from some problems with not recognizing when something was clickable (a hitbox issue I think, but the cursor could stand out a bit more) it's a nice afternoon's point and click.If you read Homestuck you've already bought it and you're just in the reviews pretending that you haven't. If you haven't read Homestuck, you should probably do that first, I'm not sure it's necessary for the story but there are references and will be more."
76561198101330773,Recommended,623940,34989558,Posted: 15 September,all,LucasRed_,"Much like many click-and-point adventure games, you can interact with many things with unique interactions based off of items being used on other items/objects of interest. Doing such is the absolute best way to enjoy your time with this game as the main story itself is rather short.The issues are rather small, like graphical errors if you change your video settings (which is fixed by closing and re-opening the game), and minor spelling errors.6/10 for length8/10 for art9/10 for dialogue & text10/10 for Act 2 hypeOveral score: 8.2/10"
,Recommended,623940,34988562,Posted: 15 September,all,Underwood,"I never got really into Homestuck. Still, I'm in love with HIVESWAP and just can't wait for Act 2 to come out."
,Recommended,623940,34988664,Posted: 15 September,all,Ne0nP1nk,"It's Homestuck, but it's also Pajama Sam."
,Recommended,623940,34969817,Posted: 15 September,all,Perverted,"Though I was one of many that was once a homestuck but left once it became 'cringe culture', I had to pick up this game. PROS; cute art, lovable characters, good story, nice art style, lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥to look at. CONS; still a few glitches, the problems from the previous company that made act one take way too long to be released, VERY SHORT (around a hour of gameplay), wasn't able to pet my dog. how dare you.But I'm still going to buy the second act because holy♥♥♥♥♥♥these characters are cute as hell. Even if you aren't a fan of homestuck and even if you have not read it before, this is a good choice. But considering the length it would be better to get it while it is on sale."
,Recommended,623940,34983052,Posted: 15 September,all,Importal,"GG much very wow! ACT 2?In two words ""yeahh boyy!!!"""
,Recommended,623940,34979012,Posted: 15 September,all,CutelilSquish,I know the game just came out but...Act 2 please?
76561198356670706,Recommended,623940,34978463,Posted: 15 September,all,Hivegamer64,*Takes a deep breath* ♪AAAAAAT LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAST! MY LOVE HAS COME ALONG♪
,Recommended,623940,34959195,Posted: 14 September,all,Hex Maniac Quinn,"Homestucks, it has arrived... Newcomers... this will likely be very weird. And you'll love it.The gameplay itself is point and click. As the description says, the puzzles themselves aren't too bad. It's mostly worldbuilding and narrative. And funny quips and in-jokes. It was a bit short for my taste,but this is only Act 1 after all, and it was cheap and I still have some achievements that need doing at the moment I'm writing this.Give it a try! Most details from Homestuck are explained, as this is a new tale with new characters. You might join the fandom. Join us~"
,Recommended,623940,34985401,Posted: 15 September,all,I Aten't Dead,"Let me start off by saying, if you liked Homestuck you'll like Hiveswap. Everything is here except this time around there's a lot less plot to deal with and only vague references and mentions. It helps to know the mechanics in Homestuck, but none of it is required. Now let me follow up and say that if you don't enjoy reading loads of text, using things with other things, you probably won't get a lot out of Hiveswap. There's cute characters, funny moments, and all sorts of little things going on if you just play the game through with the basic plot. If you start using everything with everything else you start understanding the characters as a whole. And that's Hiveswap's strength, getting you invested in the main characters through stupid completely optional interactions. And even if you don't do these interactions, the vast colorful cluttered environments come a close second, showing a ton of character in their own way.But ultimately, Hiveswap is just a slightly more interactive version of Homestuck. Since accessibility to the craziness of the media is the concept, puzzles are very simple and interacting with objects will give you big hints that will tell you exactly what to do. It's a good thing that Hiveswap advertises this because adventure game veterans are going to feel a little underwhelmed. Again, however, this is a game where the completely optional acts of using things with things will fill in all those little spaces where the game may feel less than stellar. And nearly every thing you use other things with have unique dialogue! Hooray!Big tip: if you intend to play the game this way, DIGEST IT. There is so much text, so much text, Homestuck is near legendary for its ability to completely smother pages with texts, Hiveswap is no different. If you really want to use everything with everything, then my friend, you have a 6 hour game ahead of you. So yes, take your time to enjoy it because you will get tired out if you don't. If you decide to just run through Hiveswap, it's considerably less time at about 2 to 3 hours, probably less if you know what you're doing or don't bother checking anything. But again, a lot of the fun is just those optional dialogues.If you're interested in Homestuck but haven't read it or read very far into it, Hiveswap is... somewhat of a good jump in point. There's almost no spoilers to the main series, or at least any obvious ones. And from what I've seen, Act 1 doesn't reference the webcomic's plot at all. If you're a big Homestuck fan, then you're going to like Act 1 and it'll be over too soon. Just think of it as an update followed by a megapause. It's like Homestuck never ended. And if I'm going to be frank, given how much dialogue and text there is in Act 1, I'm pretty relieved that there'll be time to talk and speculate about every little thing. I feel like I have a headache after using a pidgeon on literally hundreds of items."
,Recommended,623940,34980020,Posted: 15 September,all,Branster5890 #hypeswap,"While many people are talking about a bunch of glitches with the game, I personally found none. It seems that most people are having these issues becuase of their computers performance. You need dedicated graphics with at least 1GB of VRAM and 4GB of regular RAM. MOST Laptops have 2GB of ram and really crappy integrated graphics. So before complaining about all of the glitches, check if your pc/laptop/mac meets the requirements. I do think that the requirements are a bit high for a point and cick 2D game."
,Recommended,623940,34998003,Posted: 16 September,all,CakeMask,"Atrociously short. Despite my abysmal observational skills, I still throughly enjoyed the game and the unique sense of life it has. Clearly it's eposodic, but I feel like the act ended completely where there should have been just a commerical break.No, you don't need to have read homestuck to enjoy the game. Heck, it might actually bemorefun for you. It's basically a movie ticket. Give it a whirl."
76561198147935557,Recommended,623940,34998427,Posted: 16 September,all,ampthelectrifing,"If you are here for exploring hilarious, nostalgic, and character driven flavor text, and combining every possible item with each other just to see what happens, this is the game for you!If you are looking for lengthy, complex puzzles to test your wits however, you have come to the wrong place.(Honestly tho, I came for the Homestuck, and stayed for the pigeon. Byers for best character)"
,Recommended,623940,34957898,Posted: 14 September,all,Reikasura,I waited years for this game.Was it worth it?Hell yes!!!!
76561198259980972,Recommended,623940,34959947,Posted: 14 September,all,eridanlvr69,finally
76561198058019434,Recommended,623940,35325790,Posted: 29 September,all,SovietRoque (Maro),"Absolutely lovely game so far, has a few puzzles that took a lil while to figure out but nothing too hard, incredibly well put together and i had a few laughs so far, and being a homestuck fan, made this whole game that much sweeter with references galore that made me smile."
,Recommended,623940,35123442,Posted: 22 September,all,TheEvilWizard,I want my soul back...
,Recommended,623940,35094428,Posted: 20 September,all,wisteriamelodies,"Beautiful art, witty dialogue, interesting and fun to listen to music. You can reach the end of the game quickly, but if you really want to explore and see everything the game has to offer there are many more hours of play."
76561198202520726,Recommended,623940,35095188,Posted: 20 September,all,selenakat546,One of the 8est games ever...in my opinion.would recommend 8 times
76561198103197326,Recommended,623940,35096426,Posted: 20 September,all,chiaroscuro0,"So far, I'm impressed! It's only Act 1, but the little bits of story and character development we've gotten so far have sucked me in. I want to learn about and do more with the four main characters! The art and animation are really great, and the music is as fun as I had hoped! So much detail put into the world you get to explore and the things you get to interact with! There are so many references to the 90's and to Homestuck that a bunch of people are bound to love!I personally didn't mind exploring and reading it all, though some people might find it tedious (anybody familiar with Homestuck already knows what to expect). Some people might also find the puzzles and battles too easy. I didn't mind too much, plus it's only the first Act, so who knows what else we'll be put up against. I also didn't have any of the issues I've been hearing about with the cutscenes or black boxes, so I can't really comment on those. Some people are satisfied with the length of the first Act, some are disappointed, it really depends on the person and how much time you spend exploring.The quirky charm and humor that I was hoping for was also there in the way the characters interacted with each other and the world around them. (A particular scene with Jude is my favorite so far in this game).Overall, thrilled it's finally out, felt like it was an awesome intro to a 4-part game (and then we get Hauntswitch after that!), and can't wait for the next Act. Just hoping we don't have to wait forever for it, but even so I plan on playing every Act!"
,Recommended,623940,35105280,Posted: 21 September,all,CookieMel,"A good game, short but its fairly cheap. No knowledge of Homestuck needed to understand the game, but if you have read the comic you get some of the finer in-jokes and references."
76561198350173343,Recommended,623940,35105622,Posted: 21 September,all,layonella,Great game! :'D
,Recommended,623940,35008514,Posted: 16 September,all,bianca.agosti.7,"ive been waiting for play this game for almost four freaking years, and i loved it.the animations are very clean, the ambientation is very nice and the soundtrack -as i expected- is great!in my case the animations sometimes turn kind of laggy and stuff but its ok cause my laptop its terrible :B.i recomend this game to everyone, even if they havent read homestuck yet."
76561197993030749,Recommended,623940,35051532,Posted: 18 September,all,D Erdrick,"Let's start with the obvious: Will you enjoy this game if you have never read Homestuck?That's hard to tell. Being a Homestuck fan, I spotted lots of references that added to my enjoyment of the game. That being said, the game is focussed on new characters and their stories. Important characters to Homestuck only have a role in how they have affected Joey's and Jude's lives. Additionally, concepts that would be new to someone are viewed from the perspective of a character who has never encountered them. So when the description says you don't need to have read Homestuck to enjoy this game, it's technically true.But will you?In my opinion, there are plenty of players who will still enjoy this game.Are you a fan of the old adventure games from the 80s and 90s?Are you a fan of 80s and 90s nostalgia?Do you like excellent game music?Do you like enjoyable characters and good stories?Do you like witty and interesting writing?Do you like beautifully stylized art?Then you will almost certainly enjoy Hiveswap.However, there are still two more things to consider for this purchase.First: difficulty. The game seems to intentionally avoid the frustrating pixel perfect, guide dammit moments of oldshcool adventure games. But perhaps it tries a bit too hard. There was only one puzzle I really felt I had to think about. The rest were just a matter of course in exploring the game. It definitely creates the feeling that this is more of an interactive narrative then a true adventure game.Second: length. It took me around four hours to beat this chapter. That's a nice bite of game, but it definitely left me wanting more. This also brings the value proposition into play. Personally, I believe I got more than my money's worth. But some people may be hesitant unless they can catch it on a sale.In the end, I believe Hiveswap is a wonderful story based game with excellent characters, writing, art and music. I think any number of players may enjoy this game, whether you've read or enjoyed Homestuck or not. Hardcore gamers may not find the meat they desire here, but anyone with a spare $8 would be well served to at least give the game a try."
,Recommended,623940,35051903,Posted: 18 September,all,kingcam10,"Awesome game, been waiting forever and it was worth it, a bit short but can't wait for the next act."
,Recommended,623940,35095118,Posted: 20 September,all,Der-Bear55,This game was lots of fun! Its nice to take a break from all the serious and play something as lighthearted and funny as this.  10/10 would recommend.
76561198051285281,Recommended,623940,35096049,Posted: 20 September,all,Spence,"Wonderful start to this brand new adventure in the Homestuck universe! Even if you haven't heard of Homestuck before there are things that stand out on their own, the soundtrack especially. If you are a Homestuck fan then without question buy this. If you are new and want to get into homestuck, this is perfect for you too. However, know that this is less about gameplay and more about storytelling with plenty of things to click on and learn/lol about. There is puzzle solving and ""fight"" sequences but those don't stand out as much as the characters and story. I also hope that the acts will get longer as they go. This one was short but I'm fine with that because it's the intro and is not meant to be too long, only to hook you into playing more, which it did. Only now we have to wait another 5 years for act 2! :D -9/10"
76561198345970433,Recommended,623940,35096063,Posted: 20 September,all,yesi_pokefanatica,"Now with the new patch released (V1.1) I can say: ""YES, I recommend it!!""interesting game with rich characters and beautiful art!it may be shortbutthere's alotof details which you can find by using every object on your inventoryandtry to use it with another object or something clickable in the background!aprox 90% of times you will find a different text for every combination, it gives you more details about the characters, backstory, and more information about the lore, or sometimes it's just a joke or silly information (but I personally love it, I love being able to try everything! no matter how silly, like umm i don't know trying to use a pigeon and some pogs, why not? or pogs and a mummy! or a mummy and a pigeon!, etc)there's a lot of references that people who read homestuck can catch! and those who haven't read, can still enjoy it! it may be confusing with alien terms but that's normal, later on (just like on homestuck) everything will be explainedI believe it won't take long to release Act 2, yes, it took several years this, but there were a lot of issues, the actual game was developed in about 2.5-3 years I think? iirc, but now with this as base, they can finish the rest faster!another thing, it seems wayeasierto understand than homestuck, so don't worry if homestuck seems too long and confusing! you can enjoy this as it own thing!maybe I recommend seeing some gameplay (but remember, there were some bugs, today, 9/20, there was a patch so it's better!) to see if you like the humor? to see if it's your kind of game, it's a point and click adventure, it's like a visual novel, there aren't a lot of puzzles or battlesif you like a game story-oriented, with lots of details and being able to try everything even if you still don't advance in the story.. it's your game!PS: I love the characters <3 and a mild spoiler?.. even if there was one who turned out to be totally different and maybe problematic, it was still pointed in the game itself so we shouldn't worryThis game took me between 14-16 hours to beat because I was trying most of things!"
,Recommended,623940,35097581,Posted: 20 September,all,ky0ko,Yes.
76561197993174997,Recommended,623940,35102277,Posted: 21 September,all,QT,"I'm not even a Homestuck fan, but this is a pretty heartwarming game with some fun writing. It's short and sweet."
76561198045576964,Recommended,623940,35103300,Posted: 21 September,all,twistandshout95,"Hiveswap is an easy introduction into point and click games. It doesn't take any explicit instruction to understand its gameplay, with a few pointed comments in the narration serving that function organically. This makes the story front and center to enjoy. The smooth simplicity is a perfect vehicle for the vibrant art and animation, the dense story-world, the distinctive music, and the engaging commentary of the protagonist.As far as I can tell having read Homestuck, Hiveswap: Act 1 fulfills its promise to be accessible to newcomers. Fans of the nineties get thrown as many references as fans of the original webcomic, and characters and concepts are well established over the course of the game. All the dynamic style that made Homestuck popular is in full force, being presented in a condensed and digestible form.The game took me 3.2 hours, playing casually. I tried to click every object I saw, but I didn't test through every object/inventory combination possible. You might be able to shave off the .2 if you ignore flavor text, or get another hour  messing around some more. Either way the price is worth it.(I couldn't play the cutscenes at first, but that doesn't affect my rating because the issue resolved itself.)"
,Recommended,623940,35106533,Posted: 21 September,all,circlejourney,"This was probably the first time I’ve experienced video game nostalgia…ever. Edutainment games were the only kind our parents let us play as kids, and well, a lot of those tend to be p&c adventure games. So it stands to reason that Hiveswap was a major throwback for me, from the familiar routine of clicking everything in the environment and using everything on everything in frustration (except that the interaction text went a long way in attenuating that frustration), to the manual saving (and forgetting to do it), to the awkward BGM-filled pauses as you pondered the solutions to the puzzles, etc etc.Basically, Hiveswap recreates the feel of 90s/early 00s p&c adventure games incredibly well, and to its own benefit, because that drew me right into the world. The game is beautiful; the art is atmospheric and lush and just a treat to look at. The spaces truly feel lived-in and the attention to detail is magnificent. The music complements it perfectly, too–none too dramatic, and atmospheric without overtly dictating how you’re supposed to feel.Also outstanding was the way that the story of Joey and Jude’s family was told just through interaction text. They managed to pull off a backstory for Grandpa Harley that not only flows seamlessly with the HS canon and does not feel like a forced afterthought, but is also affecting and kind of heartbreaking. It's a deftly-handled exploration at the lives of the children of an absentee parent. It’s all just superb storytelling (and rather reminiscent of HS).Basically, Hiveswap absolutely does stand on its own merits; knowing Homestuck offers depth and insight into certain characters, but is ultimately not compulsory.My main complaint is that the cutscenes initially didn’t work on my fairly low-end laptop, but that’s mostly a problem on my end. The interface got in the way at times, and I felt a little jilted by the Strife scenes which turned out to not be real combat–but I’m less bothered by it in hindsight.I have yet to find every secret of the game--there's just so much to be discovered--so I'm definitely going to give this a second playthrough. It's a very relaxing and engrossing game, and reaching the end gave me the feeling of having finished a satisfying first book in a series."
,Recommended,623940,34957972,Posted: 14 September,all,NAD,"Honestly? Sincerely as a person whos both wanting something new and a homestuck fan before. this is an amazing intro acti dont think its too short, its good as an opening. And especially the characters are DIFFERENT than we imagine. Joey is personally so humanic and realistic to positive and negative feelings i love it ( people were just so into her being the new peppy cheer girl with no brains )I loved Joeys and Xefros's interaction, its really really honest and honestly just feels like seeing myself's problems in them. The story is very driven concept, doesn't force you to go anywhere but let's you figure it out so you can move at your own phase. i finished this game in 3 hours and i'm probably a lil sad it was quick but thats fine. the first few acts has always been pretty short lengthedThough i DO understand if people are upset about the Hint button, sometimes people overlook and don't click enough and you get stuck for a VERY VERY VERY long while.Animation & Music are definitely note worthy but the music isn't as notified as Undertale (since the page says it'll bring tears from the producer of UT ) its really good!! it has never been glitchy or buggy for me and the transition is smooth.Hope the next acts gets better and better!!"
,Recommended,623940,34958001,Posted: 14 September,all,Zephidan,"Good game. It's very short, but at least it's out. Hussie's writing never grows old. The art style is crisp and the environments are rich."
,Recommended,623940,35002328,Posted: 16 September,all,Scylla,"what the ♥♥♥♥ is a ""homestuck""?"
,Recommended,623940,35137975,Posted: 22 September,all,VividWisp,"I've lost count of how many years I have waited for this game, and it was well worth the wait.It's a great fun puzzle game with nostaglia from the 90ies, and even if you haven't plowed through the whole homestuck comic you can still have great fun from the game. Some puzzles can be tricky but the great music and the overall script of the game makes it well worth it while you try to solve it. Homestucker or not, I can really recomend this sweet game!"
76561198329675253,Recommended,623940,35171114,Posted: 23 September,all,ffeliz02.ff,"Granted the fact that the game was pushed back quite far, this game is really good. I had went through my Homestuck phase long ago, and going into this game I didn't really expect much, but the art style, music, game mechanics, and overall everything made the game amazing. Great for a casual play. Can't wait to see more."
76561197970594543,Recommended,623940,34994358,Posted: 16 September,all,Donitz,"Highly recommended for both fans of Homestuck and adventure game fans in general. The game does a good job in introducing some of the most important concepts from the comic without dwelling on them for too long.The animations are fluid, the artyle is wondeful, and the writing is... very unique."
,Recommended,623940,34996313,Posted: 16 September,all,Devolution,"It feels very Homestuck, all right."
,Recommended,623940,34960369,Posted: 14 September,all,cringecancer,jojos bizarre adventure part 9 leaked edited sidenote:if your not worthy the arrow will kill you
,Recommended,623940,35116525,Posted: 21 September,all,trickycosplayer,yes the game is short but for 8 dollars it is pretty damn impressive especially considering all the crap the crew had to go through looking forward to the nexgt installment
,Recommended,623940,35117646,Posted: 21 September,all,PapaSeto,"Although I left the Homestuck community for obvious reason, this game is pretty awesome.It could use more polishing like the cutscenes and animations, but all in all I don't have anything to really complain about.It's got that HS charm and you'll like if you're a fan or not."
,Recommended,623940,35117458,Posted: 21 September,all,Pride,Holy crap. It's like being shoved into homestuck and it feels absolutely fantastic! Can't wait for Act 2 to come out!
,Recommended,623940,35187801,Posted: 24 September,all,FandomFanatic2,"When I joined the Homestuck fandom in 2016, when I heard about this, I was exited for it. I bought this game a couple days ago and I was not disappointed with the result. Even though it is only about 2 hours long, it felt like Homestuck and I cannot wait for Act 2."
,Recommended,623940,35189406,Posted: 24 September,all,Aegis,This game is AMAZING. I haven't read homestuck at all but it doesn't matterThere are some things here and there. Saves don't travel across systems or computers which kinda sucks.  Some of the minigames I hate and the combat seems a bit unnecesarry.Whats giid about the game? LITERALLY EVERYTHING ELSE.
76561198200115717,Recommended,623940,35186894,Posted: 24 September,all,Greatness...,"This game is great, the art style based on to the webcomic Homestuck is really great, the puzzles never got too chalanging or cryptic, it's about th length if a little shorter than an episode of Telltale's Sam&Max took me 2 hrs, they nailed the characters and especially the dialoge between them which really captures that awkward-introvert early teen phase of which all the characters are in, and the ending while a cliffhanger for Act 2 still manages to give a satisfing conclusion to the story so far. This game was great and I enjoyed every minute of it!"
,Recommended,623940,34960694,Posted: 14 September,all,terra,"Well, it's here. Do I have to say more than that?"
76561198306704907,Recommended,623940,35390877,Posted: 1 October,all,WickEDel,"10/10 this game was a cassual and overall enjoyable game. it gave both Homestuck nostalgia and regular nostalgia. the game is simple and balanced enough for people not into the Homestuck fandom. Homestuck knowledge is not needed inorder to play but by having some knowledge, the nods to it are endless.Pros : o)- easy to play- beautiful backgrounds and animations- amazing soundtrack- clever placements of hints- POGSCons : o(- can get stuck as hints are very vague especially during strife.- lots to read- gateway into the homestuck fandomOther : O|- depending on the depths you want to get into this universe. clicking on random things and get character developments through that can be a lengthy job.- things as the Hemospectrum (color of blood as a rank system between trolls) are barely touched on. you get small nods as things Xefros isnt allowed to have that you can find the proper item in Dammek's hive (such as CDs), but nothing straight forward. this can be confusing to new people, but is possible if you manage to link it.- Imperial drones are not explained enough. along side the culling of trolls around Xefros."
,Recommended,623940,34970738,Posted: 15 September,all,just clam,In the end all that matters is the batteries10/10
76561198060607330,Recommended,623940,34958930,Posted: 14 September,all,emeyll geepro,it is a must have for any1 thats into homestuck or likes point and clicksits abit short ... if you speed through it its about 90 mins but it is only part 1 so i expect great things from the other parts
,Recommended,623940,34956988,Posted: 14 September,all,bagel,"After 2 hours and completing the first act in a casual run, I can wiht most certainty say this was worth its wait!Theres alot more to come, but the ending was a touch abrupt, not to mention some.... rather odd screen resolution issues. A really large black border where a very objects on screen can move past whilst the background doesn't move? This is im prominent in the starting screen when you complete ACT 1.Hopefully the kinks can be worked out over time. After all, its been out only 2 hours!Worth the 8 dollars if you wanna play as it releases."
76561198087219796,Recommended,623940,35399393,Posted: 1 October,all,Cuckles,"I absolutely love this game, it's good for players new to Homestuck, and god tier for fans of the series. The puzzles are interesting but for the most part they aren't too hard, they story is great and the art style and music is on point. I cannot wait fot act 2 to come out!!!!!!!!"
76561198189334405,Recommended,623940,34987822,Posted: 15 September,all,angelofmusic998,"I have neglected my family, my friends, even (Gog help me) my DOG, to play this game.And after 7 hours, (so far,) I FINISHED ACT ONE. This game is really enjoyable, I can't wait to devour Act Two when it comes out! 10/10 GOTY"
,Recommended,623940,35086795,Posted: 20 September,all,Alex Solowjow SKINHUB.COM,i love this amazing game x;)
76561198158818846,Recommended,623940,35342306,Posted: 30 September,all,BYERS IS BEST BIRB,Byers is best birb.Frohikedied in service as an honorable birb.And Langley...LANGLEY!
,Recommended,623940,35454105,Posted: 3 October,all,Czaros,"Hiveswap Act 1 is an 90s-inspired adventure game that takes place in the Homestuck universe. It's a short but great experience. Beautiful visuals, amazing music and the return of the humor HS is known for.If you're a Homestuck fan you probably already bought it. If you aren't, give it a try anyway. It doesn't really require you to read Homestuck"
76561198146548926,Recommended,623940,35455794,Posted: 3 October,all,DarkSeba,One word:Nice.
76561198341435259,Recommended,623940,35365069,Posted: 30 September,all,infinirha,"Fun, effective and... too short sadly. it took no more than 2 hours to complete, but it was honestly worth it. I can't wait for the sequel though. I have no doubt it's gonna be as awesome!For those not familiar with Homestuck, this is a spin-off that involves earth before Homestuck's plot and Alternia before Her Imperious Condescencion came back with her ship. There are no adults on Alternia, their casts are split by the colors of their blood. Easiest representation of those in homestuck had been by signs, such as red/rustbloods being aries and fuschia being pisces, the highest caste.There are many easter eggs for homestuck fans, but even if you aren't, you are probably gonna like it, because it can be played as alternative universe/timeline."
,Recommended,623940,35171092,Posted: 23 September,all,What a what!,it also good
,Recommended,623940,34979088,Posted: 15 September,all,Blueberry,So adorable~!And weird at the same time.
76561198164476852,Recommended,623940,35506825,Posted: 5 October,all,Bepsi Coal,Finally
76561198268380400,Recommended,623940,34960206,Posted: 14 September,all,ConcussusDenis,"I only earn money by selling drawings, and this week I worked pretty hard to get to buy this, I litterally screamed when I cheked my email and saw that my money was deposited and that the game could be bought now.It's been a really long time since I've been waiting for this exact day, Homestuck has became a deep part of me, I've made friends, I've helped people, people have helped me. It made me connect with others...That webcomic has completely changed my life, for good.Seeing this now, it makes me feel like those days. The money and effort was absolutely worth it, it has a beautiful soundtrack as always, 2D designs feel way neater than those before and it also resembles de mspa artstyle, and of course, the silly little moments. I enjoyed every bit of it while playing!Some things were a liiittle bit buggy, especially with the cursor, but other than that it's overall fine. I just feel amazing."
,Recommended,623940,34960856,Posted: 14 September,all,SethaWetha,i love the similarites to minecraft!
,Recommended,623940,34961863,Posted: 14 September,all,ginandcats,"If you're a fan of homestuck I'd say definitely go for this- it was very true to the basic feel and vibe of the comic. If I had one major complaint it's that this seems like it's going to be more PG than anything- so get your cuss fix elsewhere. Relatively short but for 8 bucks it's not too bad. Obviously I would rather have one full game released instead of installments- but I've already waited five years for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥so I'll take what I can get. Not much in way of gameplay, it's pretty much a linear narrative- I'm okay with that though, it's just like more comic. The score ♥♥♥♥in knocked it out of the park though, I expected no less of toby and james. This is a game where the devil really is in the details; the characters get fleshed out so beautifully just by the backgrounds.Can't wait for act 2- I need to see if that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ dammek is going to redeem himself, or if he's just as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as xefros made him sound. ♥♥♥♥ you dammek."
,Recommended,623940,35037696,Posted: 17 September,all,MikeMuscles,"Great sense of humor, great music, great everything. I love it and can't wait for the next act."
,Recommended,623940,34978620,Posted: 15 September,all,SSD squad,"Dude, This game was great, You should play itIts too short tho , We need act 2 X:D"
76561198079615822,Recommended,623940,34959657,Posted: 14 September,all,PeenusButtLer,It`s good.
,Recommended,623940,34962726,Posted: 14 September,all,Bonk Donkulous,I am and will always be a homestuck
,Recommended,623940,34995115,Posted: 16 September,all,Kirigiri,ACT 2 WHEN
,Recommended,623940,34962634,Posted: 14 September,all,Get in losers we're boldly going,Its short for the amount that you pay but super worth it!!!!!
,Recommended,623940,35025679,Posted: 17 September,all,bubinski,"Homestuck was a pretty important part of my developmental years growing up, and now that I'm a legal adult, in college, with a job and responsibilities, this game just takes me the ♥♥♥♥ back. Perfectly captures the essence of what made homestuck great, and the best part about it: you dont need any prior knowledge to ""get"" this game. Sure, there are tons of little in jokes and references packed everywhere (which I love) but if you're a hardcore fan, someone like me who hasnt touched it in years, or someone whos never read it before: you'll love it.♥♥♥♥ing beautiful."
,Recommended,623940,34964287,Posted: 14 September,all,K_,Fantastic game.Pros: Great writing and funny to boot. Animations are pretty damn good overall and the music is superb.Cons: Doesnt take long to complete.
76561198069057699,Recommended,623940,35035614,Posted: 17 September,all,cedeelbe,Act 2 can't come soon enough!
,Recommended,623940,34958362,Posted: 14 September,all,╭∩╮ sass ╭∩╮,X;)
76561198035820854,Recommended,623940,34983080,Posted: 15 September,all,Flynn,I waited 3 years for thisI was not dissapointed
76561198132076445,Recommended,623940,34982114,Posted: 15 September,all,woopin_angel,"Awesome game, can't wait until Act 2 comes out in 413 years."
,Recommended,623940,35034104,Posted: 17 September,all,Catpyre,"Really great game, love the art style, the characters are great! Only thing is it was super duper short. I expected a lot more but knowing the history of the project that even though it took so long to release I can't hate it for being short I just wish there was more.I can't wait for ACT 2 and I do hope it's a longer act with more content and story whenever it may release. Hopefully they have been working on it and haven't just NOW started on it otherwise it may be another few years which would suck."
76561198022981412,Recommended,623940,35211673,Posted: 25 September,all,Skippy,Is a must play for any homestuck fan and for any point and click game. But for other people? If you like light hearthed stories then you should give it a shot
,Recommended,623940,34968456,Posted: 15 September,all,hashtagNight,another five or more years until the next act
76561198043820407,Recommended,623940,35225940,Posted: 26 September,all,Daevid,"I'm a big Homestuck fan, have been since the beginning. Literally. I didn't start reading it IMMEDIATELY after it started being published, but within the year. Anyway, I was really psyched about Hiveswap. The delays i the release date had me a bit worried, I won't lie. But you know what? It was worth the wait. I played the first act 3 times already. Trying to collect all these sweet achievements. And this game, it just, it brings you back to the good old Homestuck times. I'm so happy to get to learn more about Alternia, because I always found trolls to be extremely interesting. I'm wondering how it's like to play this game without knowing anything about Homestuck. It must be a wild trip."
76561197973312041,Recommended,623940,35046942,Posted: 18 September,all,CreamandSugar,i am homestuck trash so i loved it
,Recommended,623940,34958494,Posted: 14 September,all,ClownsDontBite,"Loved it. For how short it was, it was a fun expierence with subtle references to the comic and proving enough information for new comers to be enjoyed. Can't wait for future acts when they come out."
,Recommended,623940,35393716,Posted: 1 October,all,Jude Harley (Komachi),bLESS this game.
76561198147717629,Not Recommended,623940,35000202,Posted: 16 September,all,The Gatekeeper,"Let me tell you, ONLY BUY THIS IF YOU ARE A DIEHARD FAN OF HOMESTUCK/HIVESWAP.I'd consider myself a filthy casual regarding Homestuck and Hiveswap. I heard it was out, I had the money, so I purchased it. considering it was entitled ""act 1"" I knew it wouldn't be the full story, but I expected more than about two hours of actual storyline and gameplay. Theoretically, you could probably squeeze more out getting the achievements, but all in all, I still paid eight dollars for two hours of content. Not to mention, it doesn't seem that the next act will be running through this, you may have to repurchase the next act. If you've followed this game from the beginning and you desperately want to get the experience and play it yourself, go for it. But if not, it's not worth the amount you're paying for."
,Not Recommended,623940,34979819,Posted: 15 September,all,Jay,"It is... alright. Big Homestuck fan, but I wasn't expecting much. It's cute. It has nostalgia and lots of funny moments. The art is good, but you can tell they kinda got away with the bare minimum in terms of the animation. It's short and really doesn't do anything new. If you like Homestuck, buy it. If not, it's just another point and click."
76561198053523975,Not Recommended,623940,34977336,Posted: 15 September,all,stardust,"I'm a Homestuck fan, and have been waiting for this game to come out for quite some time, like most who have already played this. I was a little disappointed, but not shocked. I had a feeling that this game was going to be kind of a let-down from the trailers and screenshots.It was fun for me to play, but mostly because I'm a fan and understood the references to the comic, which put a smile on my face. However, I wouldn't really recommend it to anyone who hasn't read Homestuck. To anyone else, it might seem very text-heavy, tedious, short and not that funny. I understand that the style of writing is in tribute to the comic, but maybe this didn't translate so well into a game. It made it boring. Also, I think having a hint button with no function is pointless, even if this was supposed to be a joke.In summary, it was okay. But I would suggest waiting until the other acts come out to buy this."
76561198017203175,Recommended,623940,34959339,Posted: 14 September,all,Brooke,byers is the real mvp
,Not Recommended,623940,34958215,Posted: 14 September,all,jade,"For being in devolpment for 5 years, only having 2 hours of gameplay and splitting the game up into Acts like the webcomic was a very bad idea. The story isn't very strong right now I'd wait for the other acts to come out before you buy this game"
76561198350983775,Recommended,623940,34971031,Posted: 15 September,all,awesome-sausage-prussia,"Welp, Im done with act 1 and I do love it XD sure, some parts seemed abit slow but that just might be my bias against point and click games XD Îd definetly recoment the game tho! (eventho it migh change your view of grandpa alot... that is if it didnt seem obvious enought before the game :/ (also I really thought dammek would be abit mre striderlike XD (well... he pretty much is in a way already :/ ))"
,Recommended,623940,35045956,Posted: 18 September,all,V1N7L,"I loved it, 2-3 hours to finish the first act. Now I wait... 0w0. <3 *SoLd My WhOlE iNvEnToRy To BuY* Worth it."
,Recommended,623940,34958465,Posted: 14 September,all,"Dream On, Dreemurr",thanks andrew hussie for my life
76561198306648845,Recommended,623940,34983648,Posted: 15 September,all,enderrexal,"Yes yes yes yes yes good game.The art is wonderful, and the jokes made my friends and I laugh out loud.We can't wait for the next one !"
76561198081972434,Recommended,623940,34983543,Posted: 15 September,all,Rangers_Hood,"This game ♥♥♥♥ing rocks. Technically, though, the game is a mess. Cutscenes often don't work, and freezing and crashing can happen. But the presentation, gameplay, storyline, and graphics are incredible. James Roach and Toby Fox did an amazing job with the soundtrack, and Cohen's writing is on point. See you all at act 2!"
76561198179083179,Recommended,623940,34956133,Posted: 14 September,all,gam_gam,"awesome game dude, i love it."
,Recommended,623940,35003163,Posted: 16 September,all,SzelmowskiPrince,"Act 1 is a delightful experience. The scenes are gorgeous, the throwbacks to the 90's stirred up fond childhood memories, and overall the game is a pleasure to play through. I have to say, it was well-worth the wait!"
76561198177987841,Recommended,623940,34993029,Posted: 16 September,all,Chiaki,i ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE IT M8
,Recommended,623940,34960994,Posted: 14 September,all,Luigis chinese cowboy impression,"God where do i even start. This almost makes you feel like you're pllaying a part of homestuck itself. The soundtrack is gourgeous, the visuals are faithful to the source, and the references are perfect. all in all a great reminder of why I 'stuck' with the webcomic over the years."
76561198006591289,Recommended,623940,34957586,Posted: 14 September,all,Sen isSaqqara,Good Stuff (tm) Does Not Disappoint Would Buy Again Will In Fact Buy Again When The Next One Comes Out
,Recommended,623940,34964161,Posted: 14 September,all,J. Frost,"So here is the TL:DR of why I think this is a great game:*Is a puzzle-solving Telltale-esque game*Is a prequel to Homestuck (which session? You find out ;p)*Atmosphere and character build-up along with character interactions were great*Gameplay consists of dialogue and puzzles, even the battles are puzzles and I enjoyed it all.[NOTE: DO NOT GO INTO THIS GAME AND BLOW THROUGH ALL THE DIALOGUE. THIS GAME IS MORE OF AN INTERACTABLE COMIC AND TO BLOW THROUGH ALL THE DIALOGUE - EXCLUDING CHARACTER DIALOGUE - WILL ONLY HAVE YOU BE PLAYING ROUGHLY 2 HOURS. IF YOU READ EVERYTHING (or just about), YOU WILL TOP OFF AT AROUND 3.7-4 HOURS OF GAMEPLAY]"
,Recommended,623940,35002539,Posted: 16 September,all,Trash,literally my only problem with this game is that it's not long enough
,Not Recommended,623940,34986538,Posted: 15 September,all,Soviet Man,"As much as I loved the art put into this game, the love put into the characters, and the setting (I used to be really into the webcomic)  at the end of the day, this was not worth the money spent, and the time people waited for this game. I understand this is part 1 of 4, but if this is all they have to show for the years spent making this (while I'm aware there was a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥that happened in the process) , then nah. I'm not happy with the end result. I'm happy with what I played but that honestly felt like a small demo at best. If you're a diehard fan then get it, but in the end you're much better off just waiting  until all 4 acts to get released"
,Recommended,623940,35028830,Posted: 17 September,all,avrenim,"I have never read a page of Homestuck in my life but decided to buy this game and try it out. It is quite fun and very quirky. A true point and click game where even if I don't understand any references, it is still pleasurable. There are just a few bugs and quirks (sometimes scenes wouldn't play out or I would be stuck on a white screen) but the art style is lovely and the scenery is fun and playful. Even if you have never encountered Homestuck, I would still recommend this game for anyone."
,Recommended,623940,35029802,Posted: 17 September,all,jadesauce,10/10
,Recommended,623940,35119826,Posted: 21 September,all,Katetheslayer01,This game is amazing!!!! smooth animation and a ton of cameos and references!!!!
76561198116358817,Recommended,623940,34994214,Posted: 16 September,all,koykoy13,♥♥♥♥ YES 9/10
,Not Recommended,623940,34984756,Posted: 15 September,all,Momiji Inubashiri,Game was pretty buggy. an example is when you send the picture to the troll. the image stretches past the ingame screen. the gameplay wasnt exactly pleasant. was more of a where's waldo rather than a point and click adventure.cons:-unpleasant gameplay (where's waldo)-unengaging story and dialogue (didnt make me want to read it all)-felt more like a drag to completepros:-art is beautiful-music is great as usualoverall can only recommend out of aesthetic. not out of gameplay value and since this is a game and not an artwork peice per say. i did read all of homestuck and have prior knowledge to game lore and the likes. still cant recommend.
,Not Recommended,623940,35032254,Posted: 17 September,all,Darthsuki,"I just finished playing this game and I have some good as well as bad things to say. To be upfront on my mindset going in: I'm a fairly longtime homestuck fan, and have enjoyed a lot of the franchise for several years now. To say that I was looking forward to this game was an understatement, as I'm sure can be said about a lot of other people! However, as much as I was looking forward to this game and making sure to go into playing it with a fair mindset, there are a lot of things that need fixing for an episodic game that we've waited 5 YEARS for with each part to the game being 8 USD a pop.THE GOOD:The visuals are absolutely beautiful! I love how unique they look, yet so close to the original comic we all know and love. I like the detail put into all of the backgrounds, animations and thensome, there was obviously love put into them.The music is equally beautiful and served quite a bit to keep the flow of the story 'feeling' the way it should. The music was tense when needed, happy when it needed, uplifting when needed. I never found myself feeling odd or off with the choice of tune while I was pulling my hair out for the various little riddles or battling a local beast.The characters are nice! I like the fact that the cast is entirely new, with the occasional throwback or reference to the older characters we know and love. The two human and troll characters, despite being introduced within a 2-hour game, have some sense of uniqueness to their design, and the good writing that accompanies them helps to flesh them out into quirky, lovable characters. I'm interested in seeing their progression through the storyTHE BAD:The depth of the game itself isn't good. Many times while playing did I find myself outright bored with what was going on--I felt like it would have been far more entertaining to just WATCH all the characters interact rather than trying to pick apart a riddle that, really, shouldn't have taken more than a few seconds to figure out. Instead of enjoying the silliness of the character's adventures through this game like I had with the characters of Homestuck, I found myself begrudgingly wasting fifteen minutes of my life for something that was so out-of-the-way that I don't understand how there weren't more hints to help me figure it out.Imagine being on a road, and it's going in a very specific direction. Sure, there are cool stuff you'd love to do and investigate, but they're all off the road and you are absolutely not allowed to do that. You can appreciate from a distance all of those cool things, but you have a specific path you have to follow, which quickly depreciates a lot of possible fun when you realize that road is this game. You have little to no options other than the ones you are given--where I was imagining the battle system to be something like Pokemon (turn-based with a fair bit of choice) you get absolutely none of that, and yet it's still tagged as an RPG? No. This is a very linear game that gives you little-to-no options outside of the designated path programmed in it. Linear games can be great, don't get me wrong! Just don't lie and make it look like you are giving the player options and variety when you really are not. This game has the same branching story options as the Homestuck webcomic did: none.There was no sense of appreciation or pride whenever I got through a challenging bit--more akin to a feeling of relief after you've finally finished all of your homework and want nothing more than to rip it to shreds so you don't have to keep looking at it and the countless minutes you've wasted on something that was stupidly difficult for no reason whatsoever than to make you take more time figuring it out.Bugs. So many. Bugs. Whether it was the buttons not working or the screen of the game going askew and bugging out, there was no shortage of bugs. I shall remind you that this game took FIVE YEARS of development, and the first visual bug is on the OPENING SCREEN. For a game that has taken this long, cost 8 US dollars for only a less-than-2-hour experience (it personally took me about 1 hour and 45 minutes), this is absolutely unacceptable, especially for such a high-profile game from a very successful webcomic. Images below (if they work) are just a few examples of the visual bugs I'm talking about.Image 1Image 2FINAL OPINION:I wouldn't buy the game in its current state.Don't get me wrong, it looks and sounds beautiful, but that doesn't alone make a good game. Homestuck was perfect for the webcomic format, and I feel like Hiveswap could have also been a great webcomic, but it was ramshakled and forced into the videogame medium. It's not horrible (there are plenty of worse games on steam) but I don't personally think it's good enough at this state to be worth a play unless you are absolutely dedicated to consume every bit of Homestuck-related media you can get your hands on.I would wait until all of the acts come out in case the bugs actually get fixed and the bundle price is more reasonable for the amount of gameplay you get."
,Recommended,623940,34958410,Posted: 14 September,all,Joshiepopop,"My god, it actually released. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I was refreshing constantly when the page said the game would be releasing in less than an hour, and right when I thought it might be delayed again the purchase button made it's appearance.I love point and click adventure games so I definitely enjoyed the gameplay, there were a few points where I think the screen glitched though, but since it didn't affect anything I just shrugged it off and continued playing. Getting stuck at a few points was annoying too but being able to figure it out eventually on my own highkey boosted my self-esteem, so thanks for that.Overall I'm extremely interested in the story and cant wait for more. Xefros is such a good and I love him. Also that troll in the poster with Terezi's symbol was definitely an interesting find for me."
76561198105910020,Recommended,623940,35119587,Posted: 21 September,all,Explainer,It's really good guys.
,Recommended,623940,35003032,Posted: 16 September,all,Mapleroot,it's as if pyjama sam met stupid and cheap humourexactly my kind of game
,Recommended,623940,34961728,Posted: 14 September,all,GalaxyTraveler #Hypeswap,"This game is amazing. Even if slightly shorted than expected, was totally worth the wait-- I haven't been around that long, tho, since I got into this insane ride in 2015, but-- hell yeah if this game isn't cool. I love it!Minor bugs when changing resolutions, should change it, close, open up again for it to work properly-- discovered in the second playthrough-- doesn't break anything, makes everything look kinda off-place.The fact that every key passes the text can be annoying bc screenshots, but not a bug-- just annoying.Other than that, I literally went and did three playthroughs full together to play it, get the archievements and pump up that hypemeter that has been collecting dust for these years. Good work! I'll be waiting for more in the future eagerly."
,Recommended,623940,34961708,Posted: 14 September,all,Speedaboo,it has been a long january
76561198072316228,Recommended,623940,35255632,Posted: 27 September,all,"You’re fucking dead, kiddo",Even if you don’t love homestuck you will find this incredibly enjoyable.
,Recommended,623940,35397790,Posted: 1 October,all,Salty Saltine,"5 Years + Amounts of money the devs pretended was miniscule = I enjoy this. Hiveswap is one of those games where you can enjoy it without getting the full knowledge of the inside humor. That troll stuff is not understandable if you're not a 'homestuck"". The art style of the game is DA♥♥♥♥♥♥ The gameplay is of an old-time pc game, an example of one of these is The Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade game on Steam. Hiveswap is not a infuriating wreck if you don't understand the puzzles like said Last Crusade game, but that's probably just me exspressing my opinion on it. The game is not a long one but it packs a punch of stuff, this act almost serves as a prolouge which keeps me from marking the game as underwhelming. I found my way to this game as a Homestuck fan and having all prior knowledge a Homestuck fan should before diving in. The quality really shows with the music that suits the area of the game. The soundtrack was written by famed Toby Fox, responsible for the hit 2015 game Undertale. I am partially biased due to being a big Homestuck fan myself, but liking something dosen't always work out for being biased. With all respect given, I belive that this and all future installments got the Salty Saltine brand thumbs up. Good Game"
76561198110346176,Recommended,623940,35398224,Posted: 1 October,all,mayadapples,"I've been waiting 3 years for this game.When it came out I simply said ""This game better be good"" it was, thankfully.The game by itself is a pretty solid point - and - click adventure with good puzzles, combat really serves no purpose other then to be a glorified puzzle.The art is good, the music is good, there is a prompt for literally everything.However, with the 90's references and the rampant Homestuck references it's really wonderful.The game is short, but hopefully now that they have the assets and tech the acts after this one will be much faster.I highly recommend this game to Homestuck fans and regular peoples alike.10/10 expect references."
76561198199384785,Recommended,623940,35296077,Posted: 29 September,all,MyNameJeff,"eventhough this game is only the 1st act (probably part) it's awsome... i've been a fan of homestuck eversince it's first comic, and i was actually expecting a game out of it...either way, it's awsome, 10/10, oh and btw toby fox actually had some part in this"
76561198090361455,Not Recommended,623940,35063094,Posted: 19 September,all,hansol is my homeboy,"Speaking as a longtime Homestuck fan, I'm sadly disappointed by Hiveswap.I'll first outline the positives and negatives.Positives- An incredible, immersive soundtrack. I regret not purchasing this with the soundtrack included as the soundtrack is my favourite part of this game.- Jam-packed with pop culture references and callbacks to the original webcomic.- Many great nostalgic 90's references.- Very witty writing.- Gorgeous environmental art.Negatives- The art and animation is inconsistent, there is a dip in quality as the game reaches it's conclusion.- For the $10AUD I paid for this, I really did expect there to be more content. I was able to finish this game at my own pace, whilst interacting with everything I could find in the world, in just under 2.5 hours. The pricetag is fairly hefty for what little playtime you're getting. Whilst I understand that this is only the first act in presumably many to come, value for money needs to be taken into consideration here.- For a point and click game, it's incredibly vague. I had to consult a walkthrough several times just because the game often doesn't make it clear enough what steps you need to take.- The battle system is quite confusing, and is in desperate need of a tutorial. Whilst it's not set up for you to fail (at this point) it can be quite frustrating.- The GUI doesn't make it clear enough as to what items you're utilising.Some improvements that could be made.-Cutscenes need to be better optimised.-GUI and strife/captchalogue system could use some tweaks to help make it clearer what you're actually doing with it. Visual feedback is important and unfortunately somewhat lacking in this game.-Some form of tutorial.-General polishing of the story and reasoning behind the items you're required to pick up.-Some new sound effects - that one constant bleep sound began to do my head in very quickly.-More content for what you're paying for - just because it's only one act doesn't mean it can't be more indepth.Do I believe this was worth the several year wait since the Kickstarter project? No, I would have expected several more acts to be released in this time frame with a much higher level of polish. This game pays homage to years of dedicated Homestuck fans, with clever callbacks and references, however it's just notenoughfor what you're paying for.I was so excited and enthralled as soon as the game started, but my enthusiasm very quickly dulled as I found myself getting confused and frustrated quickly, and before I knew it the game was over.Here's to hoping Act 2 is an improvement of Act 1."
76561198024351511,Not Recommended,623940,35179475,Posted: 24 September,all,jaw399,Its like watching a slow paced animated film for children.  The puzzles so far could hardly be called puzzles.  The most difficult thing so far was putting batteries in a flash light.  Should be listed as a visual novel and not a game.  At the very least the 'casual' tag should be added.
,Not Recommended,623940,35195248,Posted: 24 September,all,EpycWyn,"2.5 million dollar kickstarter = 4 hour experience even when taking my time? Calls itself a game when the puzzles are mediocre in difficulty at best? People can give it the cop-out excuse ""it has Act 1 in the name so it can be short"" but I don't believe that is justified. Even at an eight-dollar price, I still cannot justify a game this short. Coming from a Homestuck fan who read all of Homestuck's 10,000ish pages well before this game came out, I can safely say this does not live up to the hype after all the time and money that went into this. If I had to choose between Andrew Hussie wasting his life on this game or wasting his life on some web comic pages, I would have immediately chosen the latter because the latter would have provided far more entertainment value and length. With all this in mind, I rate this game a generous3 out of 10. If you want a better rating, make your game at least twice as long at this same price next time."
,Not Recommended,623940,34963241,Posted: 14 September,all,Dude the meme,"I found this game sadly disappointing. After all the delays and waiting, what we have been given is an unpolished game that looks like freeware browser flash. There are bugs, not game breaking, but visual bugs that makes the flavor font during strife go off screen, and changing resolutions can easily mess up the game’s graphics. Sometimes they either become unaligned from where they should be normally, or create errors such as weird black areas where some parts of the room clip. I would not recommend this game also based on it being 8 dollars and only having a  length of about 3 hours at most (unless youre one of those people who have to find every single interaction and get every single achievement). There are a few things I will give this game credit on though, it has some of the cute humor of Homestuck and a nice amount of flavor text for when you look at things.Also it has a funko pop in it and that doesn't really help."
,Not Recommended,623940,34963963,Posted: 14 September,all,Doctor Runs on Windows,"Act wasn't even long enough to get all the card drops.  I wouldn't even care if there was just an hours worth more flavor text, I still would have loved more! I mean, it was amazing, but still Hussie :'( Maybe it would have been better to wait a little longer on it to bulk it up? Or at the least lower the price a bit :("
,Recommended,623940,34954803,Posted: 14 September,all,Snugglepuff 💘,"How to solve a problem? Tap dance your way out of it.All in all, if you're a classic Homestuck fan, and want to relivethe webcomic (albeit with new characters) puh-lease consider buying this game.The nostalgia is so real it hurts"
,Not Recommended,623940,34962808,Posted: 14 September,all,JudgeB,"You likely already know if you're going to buy this or not, so here's a fair warning. This thing is really, really buggy. I wasn't doing anything too intense, and still found some fairly significant problems. Even when running correctly, the animation isn't great. The backgrounds are very detailed and you get a good amount of description on any item, but that makes puzzle solving rather difficult, even considering that that's a point-and-click.Don't buy this game for gameplay or story. Maybe get the soundtrack. But you're going to get it anyways because Homestuck and it's $8."
76561198267922169,Recommended,623940,34961090,Posted: 14 September,all,Roduna,"So ok.HIVESWAP is this game thata lot of cats seem hellapumped of. And this gameis sitting on my desk forreview, so I'm like, yeahman I'll write something.But I don't know. I'm like,so this is about aliens orsome noise? That's fine, I'm sure that'slike ♥♥♥♥ing dynamite in a handbag forsome brosephs. But all I'm saying is,when do you get to *thrash* anything?While you're playing house or some♥♥♥♥♥♥are you ever in jeopardy of getting mudon your doll's dress or whatever frombusting out, and I quote, ""the madstunts all wicked up-ins""?Know what I'm saying, Bro-Yo Ma? Ididn't actually play this game, but I gaveit 5 hats out of 5 hats to keep it real.At this point I'd like to give a shout outto my boy Dennis who was over theother day. We were going to chill in frontof The Dark Knight and he was sopsyched of it y'all.So this one time he wasleaning against the screendoor and the♥♥♥♥♥♥poppedopen, and the back deckwas wet and he slippeddown the steps and brokehis thumb on the lawn. Itwasn't a long fall, but hey Iguess a thumb bone wasn'tmade for supporting thebrunt of a huge useless toolagainst wet grass. We never did watchDark Knight on account of Ron truck-ing his bawling candy♥♥♥♥♥girth to thehospital.But it's cool, I still got another watchin me, Brotel Rwanda.BRO-NOTES :Dennis  was  sowasted, ha ha. Imean damn."
,Not Recommended,623940,34980743,Posted: 15 September,all,Baro,"It's more of a visual novel than an adventure game, because let's be honest, there aren't that many puzzles and most are kinda straightforward. Not specially epic even if you're into homestuck. After five years and two millions and a half I expected more. The art is cool and it's obvious they did put a lot of work into it, but in the end it feels like one of Homestuck's flashes with some actual game elements instead of simulating them.I won't be buying the next acts."
76561198204682575,Recommended,623940,34975297,Posted: 15 September,all,AnEdgyBun,Don't buy it.
,Recommended,623940,34978522,Posted: 15 September,all,Bananeurysm,this is my favorite game ever and if anything happened to xefros i would kill everyone in the room and then myself
76561198118627072,Not Recommended,623940,34975878,Posted: 15 September,all,The Glorious Sliceslider1,"Honestly not even worth the wait, its cheap as all hell don't get me wrong, and it made me laugh quite a few times. It feels like homestuck, which is a good thing. However, it's short, I beat the game in about 2 hours which is really upsetting considering the wait. I would wait until at least act 2 comes out. Hopefully in the next century."
,Recommended,623940,34993404,Posted: 16 September,all,Zarail,yes
76561198113195226,Recommended,623940,34955277,Posted: 14 September,all,Many dog,This is what Undertale would be if Hussie made it.50/202 cewl 4 u
,Recommended,623940,34965001,Posted: 14 September,all,Filthy Rustblood,"So ok.HIVESWAP is this game that a lot of cats seem hella pumped of. And this beta is sitting on my desk for review, so i'm like, yeah man i'll write something, But i don't know. im like so this is about weird tentacle monsters or some noise? That's fine i'm sure that's like ♥♥♥♥ing dynamite in a handbag for some brosephs. But all i'm saying is, when do you get to SMASH anything? while you're playing house as some weird looking girl♥♥♥♥♥♥ are you ever in jeopardy while solving these really ♥♥♥♥ing easy puzzles? Know what i'm saying?, Bro-yo ma? i didn't actually play this game, but i gave it 2.5 love points out of 5 to keep it real."
,Recommended,623940,34965070,Posted: 14 September,all,mrshmid,"Welcome to Hiveswap: Act 1.  After 4 years in development, hopefully it will have been worth the wait.  Thanks, and have fun."
76561198106333960,Recommended,623940,35030700,Posted: 17 September,all,royalVorpal,This is the 1'111th review and it's worth it.
,Recommended,623940,34966381,Posted: 15 September,all,LETHERM,This is so good. The wait was totally worth it.
76561197999372670,Recommended,623940,34972443,Posted: 15 September,all,ADCKnight,http://www.mspaintadventures.com/ACT6ACT6.php?s=6&p=008144this is what the refrance
76561198155801618,Recommended,623940,34963964,Posted: 14 September,all,M17UN4,i love the game. such a cute style. it looks amazing! there was maybe one spelling mistake i noticed but the major thing that let me down was the fact the cutscenes didnt work. i dont know wether its my laptop or the game but that let me down. it wasnt enough to put me off the game but i hope it gets fixed if its a bug.i still reccomed the game. its amazing i love it and i feel slightly invested now!
,Recommended,623940,34963959,Posted: 14 September,all,Jalaxed,"Well. Its here. After 5 years of hype, HIVESWAP: Act 1 has finally been released.The gameplay resembles a classic point and click adventure style of game, with beautifully drawn backgrounds, HEAPS of dialogue and world building, and wonderful music. In addition, there is SO much lore for those who have read homestuck. I would say the game fills in many aspects of daily troll culture and life that we knew little to nothing about before the game.Its cute, funny, enjoyable, and I highly recommend to anyone who enjoys puzzle/point and click, even if they have not read through homestuck.However. Was it worth the 5 years of hype, a long and drawn out release, and 8$ for one of four acts? No.The movement is point and click, and while usually not too intrusive, can be extremely annoying for just getting your character out of the way of what you need to click on. Should have been a WASD movement system. Its a core mechanic that feels very unpolished relative to the rest of the game. In addition, upon startup there are a few EXTREMELY glaring bugs, the foremost of which is if you change your resolution and dont restart the game, it WILL make the UI look super weird and terrible. Which is how I played the entirety of the game.Which is not hard to do, as the game is not long. For something that had 5 years to be developed and raised over 2.1 MILLION dollars on kickstarter it is entirely underwhelming, especially with the 8 dollar price tag. Even though I took my time in exploring every interaction, I finished the game in exactly 2 hours. Not only that, but the game ends just when the story picks up, RIGHT as things get serious. Blueballs for sure. I mean, they didnt HAVE to leave it on a cliffhanger, and considering that this is act 1 of 4, seems like they could have condensed 2 acts into this one game and chosen a more resolved point in time. And what seems more ridiculous is that even though they left it on a cliffhanger, they couldnt bother to give us a date for the next installment.To conclude, I loved it, 5 hats out of 5, 8 out of 8, 10 decapitated Dirks out of 10.Ps. F**K YOU Hussie where the hell is our epilogue you cant just END the comic when GAMZEE IS STILL IN THE FRIDGE I mean come ON."
,Recommended,623940,34964206,Posted: 14 September,all,Kingbodz,Short and sweet. I do hope the next act is longer though.
76561198239174376,Recommended,623940,34964074,Posted: 14 September,all,BISTOON,"This was an absolutely amazing game so far. The start was a little slow, this is because there is so much to click and read at the start. I'm sure I could have sped through the entire game if I hadn't spent all that time reading everything however reading it all was so much fun. I was actually a little disappointed when you switch to Xefros because I felt there was so much less to read in his room compared to Joey's. There is so much story in those little tidbits you get from reading them! It was so much fun and its definitely something I'm going to play again and again."
,Recommended,623940,34974986,Posted: 15 September,all,Adorable Polish bebe,"I have some problems with that, but the game is very nice.I was so excited to get it, and it worked perfectly until the monsters in the beginning appeared.Since then, ALL of the future cutscenes DIDN'T appear.They just didn't.Game lagged because of a ""cutscene"" but there wasn't anything except a room i am in, still.Does anyone know what's going on? Or it's my PC's fault? I have none of any apps turned on, only hiveswap."
76561198118670424,Recommended,623940,35015482,Posted: 16 September,all,Sp00ky Pixl,"This game.This f***ing game.Ok, look. I know tons of people are fangirling over the game, but really, it just sorta dsappointed me. I'm not saying that you shouldn't play it, it's just that it doesn't really have that Homestuck vibe.Of course, the art style is good, as everyone agrees on, and the music is fairly good too.But there's multiple things that just don't fit when comparing to the webcomic. I know the idea was meant to be that it was a casual adventure game, but it still doesn't have the style or pace that Homestuck went at.So it's like, Homestuck was pretty fast paced at multiple points, then slowed down, and then picked up fairly quickly. Hiveswap really was just quite straightforward to me, and didn't really have instense or dramatic moments IMO.I'd honestly rather have a game based entirely off of Sburb than this (and no, not with it altering reality).This is all based on my view of Homestuck and Hiveswap though, so I do not have the same ideas as others. Hell, some people might like this more than the actual comic.But I give it 1.5 out of 5 hats to keep it real.haha funny joke am I rightThis is my first legitimate review so if it sucked, do aboslutely nothing, because I know you can't do anything about it."
,Recommended,623940,34963726,Posted: 14 September,all,Serenzical,"Hiveswap: Act 1 is an amazing follow up to the online webcomic Homestuck. With that said this game is MUCH more enjoyable if you have read Homestuck as you will find recurring characters, jokes, and references. I bought and played it through the first day it came out and I didn't have any problems with it (there were some graphical glitches but I just had to change my resoloution then re enter the game and they were fixed). A lot of people say that it's worth does not match its playability as you will most likely get 3-5 hours play time from Act 1 but I feel that it is has a lot of replayability IF you like to find every little bit of text. This game is very fun and very detailed, if you loved reading homestuck then you'll love reading all of the quirky text in Hiveswap and there is A LOT of text to be found. every item in your sylladex (inventory) can interact with almost anything you see on screen and I enjoyed pretty much all of the dialouge. The characters are very loveable and fun, the art is fantastic, and the music, as expected, is beautiful. If you have an extra couple bucks I think you should get the soundtrack because the music is great. I can't stress how similar Hiveswap is to Homestuck, it is great for all Homestuck fans who are sad that Homestuck is over, because frankly, thanks to Hiveswap, it is not. I am very excited for Act 2, but I hope the wait for Act 2 will not be near as long as the wait for Act 1."
76561197999303180,Recommended,623940,34958336,Posted: 14 September,all,slashfiend,"It was really fun! It felt cruel to end it just when it was getting exciting, but I suppose it's good I was left wanting more so soon. The story is shaping up to be really interesting! It has classic Homestuck charm, great music, beautiful art, and was well worth my eight dollars."
76561198098560065,Recommended,623940,34958414,Posted: 14 September,all,kahililj,"Really fun although shorter than i thought it'd be, hope act 2 comes out soon."
,Recommended,623940,34984660,Posted: 15 September,all,tayaisawesome101,THIS IS AMAZING!! I love this game.
76561198287799755,Recommended,623940,34994158,Posted: 16 September,all,Cronus Ampora,Love the game! The long wait for it was worth it! Can't wait to play more of it when more Act's come out! :D Totally recommend it!
,Recommended,623940,35000526,Posted: 16 September,all,0mega,Great game.
,Recommended,623940,35002604,Posted: 16 September,all,SmokyTopHat,"As a Homestuck fan, I was going to get this regardless but this is honestly just a very well done and fun little game. It's a Point & Click adventure that's beautifully done and well written. Is you don't know the webcomic that won't be an issue as the game generally explains everything with the in-player interactions.Pros:-Text for almost every interaction with the scenery and invertory itemsYou can honestly use like every item on one object in the background and get interesting text and jokes/puns with very few exceptions. Heck you can even use items on each other which yield some funny results.-Well writtenFrom the characters to the descriptions everything feels just well done and authentic. Though it is written in a 2nd-person style which might seem weird at first, you'll get used to it and this style works for the benifit of the game as you get the character's thoughts on whatever you've clicked on.-This ain't a fairytaleThe trailers and images make it seem like a fun little adventure and it is, but there's themes in this game that are not all sugar and spice. It never gets bloody and nothing really dark happens but these themes add to the characters and makes them and the situations they're in seem real. It also makes you sympathize with them too (if you're worried about the potential themes because of triggers I'll leave a list of them at the end of my review).-PuzzlesThe puzzles are mostly simple until you get to the battles. Battles in this game aren't really battles but act more like puzzles themselve in order to win which is pretty cool.-MusicThis music is very, very good and fits with whatever is going on scene. I'm not really surprized by this because the webcomic always had good music and it's obvious they brought people who contribute to it here on the game like Toby Fox (the man who created Undertale which makes me wonder when this game is going to get it's own version of Megalovania because I want it)-CheapHonestly I was surprized this game was so cheap but it makes sense since it's a short game, speaking of that...Cons:-Short, like, VERY short if speed runningThe game is very short if you just do the puzzles, you could probably beat it in 30 minutes top but that's not what these game are for. You're ment to explore and interact with stuff and that easily adds a few hours onto it. Another issue with the game being so short is that there's only so much plot and in hind sight there's really not a lot as it leaves you wanting more. It honesly only feels like the introduction to the game and then some.-Character animation (more of a pet peeve)This may just be me but when I saw the introduction cutscene and then the animation of the character in the acutally gameplay section I was put off because it wasn't as smooth as I was expecting it to be. It took a minute to get used to but after that it didn't bother me in the slightest, it was just a bit jarring at bit.The Conclusion:Overall, it's a very fun click & point game that is short but is also cheap. If you got the money to spare and you like these type of games even a little bit I'd say get it. There's more to come in the future and if it's anything like the webcomic we'll get up to 6 Acts where Act 6 feels like 5 acts on it's own merit to the point we got acts in Act 6 itself (e.g. Act 6 Act 4, it was very silly with how long Act 6 was getting). Oh and let's not forget the intermissions, there were several of them in the webcomic that would later tie into the main story...Homestuck is very confusing and LONG is what I'm getting at....The End(the only thing below this is the list of dark-ish themes of the game which are kind of minor spoilers)Themes (minor spoilers):-a father that's never at home to take care of the kids because ADVENTURE-a long since deceased mother-an achoholic babysister (who isn't mean or cruel, just irresponsible)-a dictator-a revolution against said dictator and government-a not-so-balance friendship between two characters (one is kind of mean to the other to the point one of them has pretty bad selfconfidence issues but we don't see their interactions in game)"
,Recommended,623940,35002675,Posted: 16 September,all,I steal cabbage.,Cons: first two strifes are a little dullPros: literally everything else
,Recommended,623940,35003176,Posted: 16 September,all,Linky,"If you tick at least one of these things, definitely play this:Like Homestuck's brand of insane comedyLike adventure gamesLike great animation and art"
,Recommended,623940,35002494,Posted: 16 September,all,Mojave,"Wonderful soundtrack, The characters have depth, lots to click on and lots to read."
76561198260014905,Recommended,623940,35003393,Posted: 16 September,all,jet,This game brings so much nostalgia if you are a homestuck fan. After I finished playing I felt so happy! The art is very cute and I love the characters so far. It is a bit short but otherwise I would reccomend it !
76561198030925411,Recommended,623940,35002667,Posted: 16 September,all,staplesponge,"Pretty good game, even if it barely ran on my computer. It was fun, and funny, and even touching at times. Joey is a great portagonist, and I can't wait to see more from her and her friends in Act 2! The soundtrack was good too.My only complaints are that there is one game-breaking glitch at one point involving a certain tablet disappearing forever if you're not careful, and there are lots of typos and mistakes in the writing. Not enough to ruin the game, but enough to be seriously noticible. Like, seriously guys. You're not writing fanfiction, and you had years to make this. Wasn't there any time to proof read the script? Hope that gets fixed in an upd8.Still, I highly reccomend the game, and I suggest anyone with an even passing interest pick it up! You will not regret it!"
,Recommended,623940,35012112,Posted: 16 September,all,Sevnhashtgeleven,drunk alpha kid is my <b>babysitter</b>gay european alpha kid is my <b>pa</b>Now im waiting for the other two.
76561198083914759,Recommended,623940,35025836,Posted: 17 September,all,ninjon_pie,"We waited so long, but it's worth it. A very good game."
,Recommended,623940,35173989,Posted: 24 September,all,david,yeah
,Recommended,623940,35175035,Posted: 24 September,all,Throw Rug,"The art direction, story, writing, and music are of high quality. I think this was worth the wait, and it's absolutely worth 7.99.There is a very welcome feature that this game has that I don't often see in adventure games, probably because its a ton of work.Trying to combine any item with anything else will give you a unique message. It's sometimes funny, sometimes gives you more exposition about the story or characters, and is almost always worth reading. It's really cool that whoever you're playing as will sometimes comment on a relationship between items that you're having them compare in an unexpected way that gives some insight into their personality. It's a really welcome alternative to how adventure games usually handle what is normally a boring chore, and I found myself lingering in areas just to check everything out and use items on things in rooms knowing that they had nothing to do with each other just to see what the character has to say about them.Don't rush through this game. There's a lot of fun things to read if you take it easy and experiment."
,Recommended,623940,35175384,Posted: 24 September,all,DaddyMcGaming,"Hello everyone this Daddymcgaming I have been playing this game for my youtube channel and I love it.The art style, music and animation are amazing.Also the story is very interesting and captivating. I urge anyone who loves playing puzzle type games to check it out.or if you want you can check it out on my Channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQeWZ2oyEN7SgeXSXtku52w"
76561198058958622,Recommended,623940,35144163,Posted: 22 September,all,Writer's Block,This game is darling and it has so many callbacks to Homestuck. I'll need to play through it again to find all the little easter eggs hidden in here. I am in love and I can't wait until the next Act comes out (whenever that may be)!
76561198014289925,Recommended,623940,35187298,Posted: 24 September,all,patfeerick,I love it!
76561198207919997,Recommended,623940,35029168,Posted: 17 September,all,creativepeak10,"Just finished the game, it was totally worth it! 15/10. I also want more D:"
76561198330661415,Recommended,623940,34968295,Posted: 15 September,all,jadadragon1111,good game
76561198272355330,Recommended,623940,35392682,Posted: 1 October,all,Neko Krissy,This game is so good! I love it so much! It leaves me in suspense and I can't wait till act 2. I have so many concerns and questions that need to be answered Hussie. I hope it's not another 5 year wait.
,Recommended,623940,35398468,Posted: 1 October,all,Sir austinator13,"I don't think I can recommend this game enough... to anybody. though it has been long awaited and only took a few hours to get through... it was well worth the wait and the price, and I need more. only recently was act 1 released and im already eager and anticipating act 2. If you don't know a lot of the homestuck lore, a lot of this will go over your head. but i highly recommend the entire homestuck webcomic as well to anybody that might be interested in a captivating, immersive, and wonderfully made game such as this."
,Recommended,623940,34955520,Posted: 14 September,all,Qwert/er,Got into Homestuck just at the right time not to feel the pain of waiting for this game.
76561198303579070,Recommended,623940,34967091,Posted: 15 September,all,KrakenEatery,Soul sold for a measy 8 bucks. <3
,Recommended,623940,35031228,Posted: 17 September,all,[K4B]DEUS_SEX_DJ_REVOLUTION,XXD
76561198165304648,Recommended,623940,35244021,Posted: 27 September,all,PettyPinkGandalf,Oh.my.goshI justThis is amazingIt’s justAwesomeI love it more than my brother
76561198069651818,Recommended,623940,35248638,Posted: 27 September,all,genji spaghetti,i give it a 9/10 bc it's rated T and homestuck was rated R but still a good game
76561198054750512,Recommended,623940,35031635,Posted: 17 September,all,astrik2,i would lay down my life for xefros tritoh and by the end of this game you will too
,Recommended,623940,35167809,Posted: 23 September,all,KirkDerp,"It's really good, just wish it would all release at once!"
76561198400200424,Recommended,623940,35167775,Posted: 23 September,all,Leolu,"An extremely enjoyable experience! Likable characters, fun puzzles, beautiful artwork, and a really good sense of humour. I'd definitely recommend it, and cannot wait for Act 2."
,Recommended,623940,35168159,Posted: 23 September,all,beeku,👍
76561198119549464,Recommended,623940,35166989,Posted: 23 September,all,FluffyBunnies2.0,"Never read homestuck.""Plays game""GOTTA PLAY ACT 2"
76561198121613058,Recommended,623940,34957180,Posted: 14 September,all,bananacucumbers,yes
76561198147163429,Recommended,623940,34959608,Posted: 14 September,all,ECHHS DEE,made me trash again 10/10
76561198106032995,Recommended,623940,34962775,Posted: 14 September,all,T1,I've been waiting for this game for quite a while now and I am pretty excited to say that it is actually pretty good!
,Recommended,623940,34962832,Posted: 14 September,all,Okami (ian4),IVE WAITED 7 MONTHS AND IT WAS WORTH IT
76561198064201767,Recommended,623940,34962825,Posted: 14 September,all,NePurrTuh,"So ok.HIVESWAP is this game that a lot of cats seem hella pumped of. And this thing is sitting in my library for review, so I'm like, yeah man I'll write something.But I don't know. I'm like, so this is about bees or some noise? That's fine, I'm sure that's like ♥♥♥♥ing dynamite in a handbag for some brosephs. But all I'm saying is, when do you get to thrash anything?While you're playing with bugs or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ are you ever in jeopardy of getting mud on your bee's dress or whatever from busting out, and I quote, ""the mad stunts all wicked up-ins""?Know what I'm saying, Bro-Yo Ma? I didn't actually play this game, but I gave it 1.5 hats out of 5 hats to keep it real.At this point I'd like to give a shout out to my boy Dennis who was over the other day. We were going to chill in front of The Dark Knight and he was so psyched of it y'all.So this one time he was leaning against the screen door and the♥♥♥♥♥♥popped open, and the back deck was wet and he slipped down the steps and broke his thumb on the lawn. It wasn't a long fall, but hey I guess a thumb bone wasn't made for supporting the brunt of a huge useless tool against wet grass. We never did watch Dark Knight on account of Ron trucking his bawling candy♥♥♥♥♥girth to the hospital.But it's cool, I still got another watch in me, Brotel Rwanda.BRO-NOTES: Dennis was so wasted, ha ha. I mean damn.Rating for: HIVESWAP: ACT 13.5 hats to keep it real."
,Recommended,623940,34962782,Posted: 14 September,all,fia,"pros: beautiful visuals, great writing, great soundtrackcons: we waited 5 years for a total of 1-2 hours of gameplay"
,Recommended,623940,34962896,Posted: 14 September,all,keiji,"finally it has come, i really enjoyed this gameart is great, music is great, characters are fun and cool"
,Recommended,623940,34962900,Posted: 14 September,all,Monsieur_Dj_Stalin,Yes. Hell. Yes.
,Not Recommended,623940,34956978,Posted: 14 September,all,Dingus,"So ok.Hiveswap is this game that a lot of cats seem hella pumped of.And this game is sitting in my library for review, so I'm like, yeah man I'll write something.But I don't know. I'm like, so this is about trolls or some noise? That's fine, I'm sure that's like ♥♥♥♥ing dynamite in a handbag for some brosephs.But all I'm saying is, when do you get to thrash anything? While you're playing troll or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ are you ever in jepordy of getting mud in your troll's dress or whaever from busting out, and I quote, ""the mad stunts all wicked up-ins""?Know what I'm saying, Bro-Yo Ma? I didn't actually play this game, but i gave it 1.5 out of 5 hats to keep it real.At this point I'd like to give a shout out to my boy Dennis who was over the other day. We were going to chill in front of the Dark Knight and he was so psyched of it y'all.So this one time he was leaning against the screen door and the♥♥♥♥♥♥popped open, and the back deck was wet and he slipped down the steps and broke his thumb on the lawn.It wasn't a long fall, but hey I guess a thumb bone wasn't made for supporting the brunt of a huge useless tool against wet grass.We never did watch Dark Knight on account of Ron tucking his bawling candy♥♥♥♥♥girth to the hospital.But it's cool, I still got another watch in me, Brotel Rwanda~~~~DINGUS'S NOTES~~~~Dennis was so wasted, ha ha.I mean damn."
,Recommended,623940,34954554,Posted: 14 September,all,drWoof,its ♥♥♥♥ING GREAT AND HOMESTUCK AAAA i cant write a proper review.BUY IT
,Not Recommended,623940,34980100,Posted: 15 September,all,糞の男,"first off, the game is still really buggy. throughout the game, some bug would appear that would skip a cutscene and only allow you to hear the audio, so i completely missed one of the flare gun segments and joeys travel to alternia, arguably one of the most important scenes. there are also several hitbox bugs. given that they had nine months to fix bugs, this seems a little ridiculous.the big problem here though is the way the game series is priced. its completely ridiculous. it will cost you $32 to play half the story. although i realize wp need to make their kickstarter money back, running you that much money to complete the story is a little over the top, and makes them seem very greedy. they already know thousands of people will buy the game, why raise prices that high? the game is HORRIBLY short (only 3 hrs) for its price. perhaps combine all the acts into one, fifteen-dollar game, and release them in time like minecraft story mode. otherwise, this is a complete scam.i think a lot of homestuck fans and players of the game overlook a lot of these obvious flaws. having that mentality of ‘this game has finally been released and its fantastic BECAUSE we’ve been waiting so long for it makes you automatically on wp’s side here, not to mention the odd gentlemen scandal. it makes you overlook these huge pricing issues. i’ve seen a lot of people put the game up on a pedestal just because it has a big HOMESTUCK label slapped on it, when in reality the product has this huge pricetag for its content, which they just overlook. many of the negative reviews i read on steam accurately criticized the game for being too short and very buggy, and ALL the positive reviews were simply, “omg i love homestuck hype hype hype”.its an example of how rabid for new content the homestuck fanbase is. this of course includes myself, but id rather have something thats affordably priced and a little better produced. sorry wp, but im getting my money back."
76561198061785067,Not Recommended,623940,35041471,Posted: 18 September,all,SpaceDadCowDad,"Really wanted to like this game, $8 for less than 3 hours of content is rediculous for a kickstarter than raised 2.5 million and took 4-5 years of development.  Just dissappointed :("
76561198091969504,Not Recommended,623940,35358983,Posted: 30 September,all,Angelo Farron,"I just can't get into it.As a  fan of homestuck, I knew what i was getting into. Lenghy dialogs and jokes that are more often forced or unfunny.I can be prietty i r o n i c and laugh about how bad they are. Like Onions. Layers.But this... this didn't grasp me enough to be worth my money.And I never was a fan of point an click adventures so there goes the gameplay side out of the window.I really wished they took the ""create your own character, the new kid in town, experiance the story trough the other kids/trolls and play a sandbox beat em up similar to the old [s] ==> minigames"" aproach.I promise i will give Hiveswap a second chance when its concluded and reconsider my recommendation, but for now - buy it, try it,  refund if you don't like it."
76561198140421280,Not Recommended,623940,35072787,Posted: 19 September,all,Cherri,"This is a game long in development and it seems like they shipped it off to steam without getting real play-testers and debuggers after ""finishing"" the product. There are so many bugs in this game it is insane. It couldn't even start up at first, i only had this pale blue screen with nothing on it, then it skipped to where it was supposed to be when it did load and will just rush through cutscenes. The art team has created such a mismatched situation here- the entire game is just this camel that no one looked it and tried to fix. There is just no consistancy in style and this is only the Act 1 that took what, 5 years? How this has a ""very positive"" review astaunds me, my game can't even load it's minigame because it took up more than what it could fit on the screen for 3 letters of what I assume to be ""strife"". The Grey's Anatomy Wii game has better controls than this."
76561198156111591,Not Recommended,623940,35078603,Posted: 19 September,all,Persomnus,"I would recommend it to those who really like point and click, have read homestuck, and wouldn't care much if they lost 8 dollars. Everyone who doesn't fit that exact bill I would warn away for a few reasons:There isn't much content. It was only three hours for me and I am very very bad at puzzle games. It could be about 1 1/2 or less for someone good at games and focusing on it. The background art is pretty but the actual sprites are choppily animated and when it goes into detail shots it looks like they haven’t finished painting it. I can clearly see brush strokes in ways that do not look artistic. It looks lazy. Some of the animations look like they've been slid to the side rather then properly done too. The screen postion glitches like crazy and if you are not in the exactly correct angle you cannot click things you can clearly see. There isn't any explanation for anything, not even basic game mechanics, and it starts out slow and rather boring. It gets progressively better but honestly doesn't even remotely live up to the hype. The best part of the entire game were the chatlogs and you barely do any game-like things with those. If I had brought this while still excited about it I would have been severely disappointed.If you look at it from an indie perspective it’s a cute game that could be worth your money if you like puzzle games, but from a professional perspective it’s under finished and lazy. I don’t regret buying it because I want to support hussie and thought the idea was cool, but I left feeling severely underwhelmed and like I’m missing the other half of my purchase.I'm really hoping the lack of qaulity in act 1 is from Hussie rushing to finally get something out and not actually laziness, and that the rest of the arcs will be better. I will buy the next one but reluctantly. If it has the same issues with not enough redeaming qaulities I'm quiting hiveswap."
,Recommended,623940,34958445,Posted: 14 September,all,lol,only took five years
,Not Recommended,623940,34973995,Posted: 15 September,all,robotheadache,"It's meh. Look, this game took 2.5 MILLION dollars and 5-6 years to make, and it feels like a slightly longer than usual demo. It's honestly dissapointing to see how the game slowly gets less and less polished as you continue. I'm holding out for episode two being better now that they sucessfully weaseled money out of homestuck fans once again with this demo."
,Not Recommended,623940,34963158,Posted: 14 September,all,paradoxiKay,"A very nicely put together and enjoyable adventure game that, as promised, lives up to the classics of the '90s without being anywhere near as frustrating.TOO BAD IT'S ONLY TWO HOURS LONG, and that's counting the ten minutes I spent failing to see the obvious and the fifteen minutes where I left it open while I made dinner."
,Recommended,623940,35137916,Posted: 22 September,all,Dr.WizBiz,When you really take the time and think of it; Hiveswap is a rip off of Homestuck!
,Recommended,623940,34966000,Posted: 15 September,all,lilmissagro,It's good stuff. I'm looking forward to the next Act!
,Recommended,623940,34956069,Posted: 14 September,all,Drummer34527,"Amazing and polished game so far, great soundtrack, can't wait to play more."
76561198045373397,Recommended,623940,34961754,Posted: 14 September,all,erinstarr59,"Everything I could have wanted from a Homestuck prequel. Despite all odds the Hiveswap team created something beautiful and true to Homestuck in a way that you don't expect from sequels (or prequels). I've followed some of these individual creators for years, and I am so filled with joy by their accomplishments. Hiveswap is vibrant, fun, and full of life and love. I can't wait to see where it goes, and I can't wait to be introduced to an already promisingly robust cast of individuals and watch them develop as their adventure treks on. Thanks for all your hard work, Hiveswap team!!! Act I was BEAUTIFUL<3"
76561198089982907,Recommended,623940,34961719,Posted: 14 September,all,epicgizmo,its really great story i cant wait for more :)
,Recommended,623940,34961745,Posted: 14 September,all,The Dragon,"The art, the sense of humor, the soundtrack, and characters are great. The puzzles are mostly all intuitive. The combat is just another type of puzzle. The story so far is interesting. All conections to Homestuck are mearly background detail, and only add the barest bits of context, knowledge of the webcomic is unneeded to enjoy this game. I can recommend this fans of the Homestuck webcomic and people how have never heard of it, but especially fans of humorus point and click adventure games."
,Recommended,623940,34961841,Posted: 14 September,all,Anti-Christ Fieri,Art was goodMusic was also goodStory was betterWould recommend
76561198132004093,Recommended,623940,34957110,Posted: 14 September,all,Spicy Boy,♥♥♥♥ing finally
76561198024406907,Recommended,623940,34954263,Posted: 14 September,all,Scratch741,it's p good
,Recommended,623940,34954289,Posted: 14 September,all,Flopsy,<3
,Not Recommended,623940,34958014,Posted: 14 September,all,Santa | Sigma | Q,"Not worth the 8 bucks I paid for it tbh. Highkey debating a refund because wow. Just. No?PROS- Hey, Homestuck trash. Nice.- Nice art and art style.- Point and click! Busted keyboard friendly.- Cute overall I guess.CONS- ----TON of flavortext. :v Like. So much.- One hour of gameplay, maybe a bit more, if you know what you're doing and skip over the flavor text. Not worth 8 bucks man. Maybe 2-3, 5 max.- BUGS GALORE OUT OF THE GATE. Cutscenes weren't working, I had buttons all over the place, the hint button was there but LMAO GUESS WHAT YOU'RE ON YOUR OWN!!!!- Just generally really not worth the money for such a short part. You'd definitely be better off just watching a let's play."
76561198036063401,Not Recommended,623940,34958287,Posted: 14 September,all,Nifty Skeleton,This game is riddled with language errors and glitches. I like the dialogue and setting but it feels flimsy and not very consistant. Wait for a few patches before you bother buying.
76561198211496739,Not Recommended,623940,34958667,Posted: 14 September,all,DoHerHarder,None of the cutscenes will play on my laptop. If I can run tf2 and watch youtube videos on here there should be no reason this Point-And-Click's cutscenes don't work!!
,Not Recommended,623940,34960708,Posted: 14 September,all,Geek,this game got a lot of hype for only 2 hours of gameplay.kinda let me down considering how many times it got delayed
,Not Recommended,623940,35249855,Posted: 27 September,all,Theomightybob,"The cutscenes wont work for me, which leads me to not play the game..."
76561198127601243,Recommended,623940,34979319,Posted: 15 September,all,Seer of rage,Sorry devil I would sell my soul to you but I already gave it to Hussie and the rainbow hell he has created.
76561198202458160,Recommended,623940,35139662,Posted: 22 September,all,hatsune miku,undertale 2 lol
76561198277181291,Recommended,623940,34964232,Posted: 14 September,all,Nooteronies,">Plays hiveswap>Build time machine>Go to early january> See past me celebrating launch date>lol.jpeg>walks up to past me>past me ""sup whatchu want."">footer me: ""no lunch dat""> pat mi: ""ye lunch dat."">footer me: ""no"">honda passat me: ""yes are u stupid or somefin"">funter mi: ""I swer to gode"">psat mi: ""you faggort"">fot: ""i hef kanifee noob."">psast: ""no"">fat ♥♥♥♥: ""yes"">pulmonairy heart function: ""prov it nub."">funke: ""k"">fonki: ""here knife"">pam pam: ""ded"">flat: ""o"">pop: ""oh poop."">fooooooooooooter me: ""no im fading away why i kil post me g*sh d*rnit.>and so foooooter fades away as parmesean dies of knifee in nose hole.>k."
76561198096262880,Recommended,623940,34961794,Posted: 14 September,all,Crudbone,"I don't know if it dould be fun or understandable from an outsider's perspective. But as a pre-existing homestuck fan(which i'm pretty sure most of the reviews are currently) the game's.... decent. The music didn't really steal the show for me compared to what homestuck usually offers. As a matter of fact, I actually want the devs to recycle homestuck music(or at least the unused ones). I found a grammar error in Xefros' dialogue which i hope gets patched (he uses 'an' instead of 'a' at some point and i can't remember where but i'm certain there should've been one).I want to give this a negative review but i feel like i'd be betraying the fandom if i did. I WANT this game to have positive reviews so homestuck can get some publicity over the media. I just can't bring myself to do it."
76561198084823201,Recommended,623940,34959363,Posted: 14 September,all,Pulowski,QUIT SCROLLIN' AND BUY THIS GAME YOU DIRTY NORMIE!
,Not Recommended,623940,35363182,Posted: 30 September,all,jac 10,"i played this for 30 minutes. this game feels very unfinished, with the different directions going the same way, the strife system with no tutorial so you're left with clicking and feeling very bored. sometimes doors don't work, and theres a manual save system. the music is really good and the art is really good but that doesn't make the game enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,623940,35035217,Posted: 17 September,all,The Mythic Bitch,"I've followed Homestuck for years. I'm thouroughly disapointed.Pros:-The art was goodCons:-The story line was less than engaging. I didn't even bother with reading it.-Maybe more lack of a story line.-The animations got choppy and unpleasant at times.-The fact i might have to spend 8 dollars for the next (likely) 7 acts.-I spent 2 hours for very little story progression.-I felt like during the strife scenes, no matter what you clicked, it wouldnt have mattered. Strife scenes just didnt make sense.I will not be buying Act 2."
76561198019596361,Not Recommended,623940,35028534,Posted: 17 September,all,SirRealism,"Lots of fun, but it ends just when it feels like it is starting.  It could be twice as long and still disapointing.  Kills me to say it but for this little content the game isn't worth buying."
,Not Recommended,623940,35049745,Posted: 18 September,all,Horderlock,"The game is aesthetically pleasing and has an great soundtrack, it has tons of 90's references and millions of text boxes and item combinations for you to read through.You might be wondering why i'm giving it a negative review then, right?Well, the first thing that happened to me when i launched the game was an ear-piercing loud sound bust through my head-phones, after getting through that trauma, the game loaded and the resolution was all messed up, leaving me to re-open the game and suffer through ear-pierce again.Finally, upon reaching the first fight of the game, the game soft-locked on me (and weirdly enough started playing some random  ""hidden song"", what is this, Gaster?) and deleted my save, had enough.Final Rating: 2/5 Would rather play Bubsy.(Might change the review after a patch comes out, we'll see)"
76561198370232175,Not Recommended,623940,34986122,Posted: 15 September,all,FierceSpeckOfDust,"uhh i want to kill myself. My brother basically wasted eight dollars on this game. I was super hyped and stuff but the screen just freezes while the audio continues, i really want to play this i am in desperate need of help. i'm going to cry. The things we love bring us nothing but true sadness and disapointment whenver the thing we are most excited for just doesn't want to work. imma go cry now."
,Not Recommended,623940,35100622,Posted: 21 September,all,iamazlan,Can't Play? Wasting my money!!!
,Not Recommended,623940,34965438,Posted: 14 September,all,Biggswedge,Short and boring
76561198025671535,Not Recommended,623940,35222947,Posted: 26 September,all,chris.haigy,"The minute and a half I was able to play looks amazing, but then it immediately crashed. I restarted it, stuff can crash, and it immediately crashed again. Please fix this game, because I'm super excited about it. As of right now, I can't recommend it, but as soon as the technical issues are resolved, I'll re-assess."
76561198120689859,Recommended,623940,34954659,Posted: 14 September,all,OverLordCris,BEST GAME EVER!Graphics 10/10Gameplay 10/10Story 10/10
,Not Recommended,623940,34974766,Posted: 15 September,all,Lognes,"I originally got this just to say homestuck gay butThis game is literally nothing but a game for if you like homestuck and pretty much the only reason i see writing positive reviews for it is because ""omg homestuck game!!"" but that's literally all there is to it reallyDon't buy this game if you don't like or have even read homestuck i beg of youP.S: Why does joey have bubsy"
,Not Recommended,623940,35055310,Posted: 18 September,all,Vain Palazzo,"Absolute waste of money.  Very linear, no interesting gameplay, characters are as dry as they come, and the ""text"" communication is truly the most click-click-please-god-be-over-click-click experience I've seen in ages.  There are quite literally 50 lines of communication back and forth for something that is COMPLETELY OBVIOUS to the player.  The progress is slow, the game totes itself as being able to use anything but you can't -- you only get snarky responses if you choose the wrong one -- and you'll spend most your time aimlessly clicking around a room hoping for the cursor to change to something else and receive an achievement.  As an avid fan of Maniac Mansion and Day of the Tenacle, this game is basic and lackluster in comparison with no real fun value.  I'm extremely disappointed in Toby for this one.There is a LOT that isn't even bothered to be explained in this Act, so don't expect ""Hiveswap"" to even be touched upon.  The who, what, why, and where is never answered.  It's genuinely shameful to have charged this much money.And despite this a game that claims that monsters are everywhere in the first 30 seconds of cutscenes, there won't be a single point where you'll be afraid to encounter a monster.  Because you can search the house all you want and never hit a random encounter like you can in Maniac Mansion.  There's no threat and no danger.  It also seems impossible to die, so you can pretty much expect to do any silly stupid thing you want and never expect a consequence.There's also irritating moments like at the very beginning of the game where you see a light being flashed in what's clearly Morse Code.  It makes sense to read that.  But you can click and click all you want and you will never get a response from the player.  Minutes later after you solve your own puzzle, the character finally reveals they can't read Morse Code.  So why didn't you just say that when I clicked on it?For a game that's extremely linear, it hands itself to frustrating obsessive compulsive clicking.  The choices made are also entirely cosmetic and lead to no real change in the game.Avoid this one at all costs.  I know this guy made Undertale, and I obsess about Undertale as one of the best games out there.  Unfortunately, this feels more like an alpha project with no clear direction rather than a game series."
,Not Recommended,623940,35104958,Posted: 21 September,all,Gecko,0/10 No Frooty Pebles
,Not Recommended,623940,34957607,Posted: 14 September,all,(⁄ ⁄•⁄ω⁄•⁄ ⁄),"The game needs a lot of rework. Constant glitches, bugs in text and mechanics, abusive music loop that repeats a lot, poor grammar and the text keep skipping itself.Not worth a buy right now"
,Not Recommended,623940,34954753,Posted: 14 September,all,Ludicrous Spookery,So much for the Linux support (on launch.)
,Not Recommended,623940,35010637,Posted: 16 September,all,bigtwerk,Cringe.
76561198148526745,Not Recommended,623940,34957029,Posted: 14 September,all,JonTheSpooky,"Couldnt find the batteries, refunded."
,Recommended,623940,34974555,Posted: 15 September,all,Mcnuggies,This is a really good beginning to a story. The only thing I have to say is that if you change the resolution when you start the game be sure to restart because it caused a few graphical bugs when i went right in without restarting.
76561198086378082,Recommended,623940,34973279,Posted: 15 September,all,Xefros Tritoh,"This game made me overwhelmingly giddly, I've been ever so pumped for this game ever since it was announced. The characters have pleasently surprised me, to the point where I can say hands down I love them.Even though the wait was long, for such a short start of the game- it was still definately worth, going through and nit-picking to get the achievements.I can also say, the community I run on Amino (Homestuck Amino), have been all over this, and it makes me happy too see users I try to care for, be so estatic over this.HYPESWAP!"
,Recommended,623940,34975749,Posted: 15 September,all,rockernroller,You can't pet the dog 0/10
76561198118097415,Recommended,623940,34975836,Posted: 15 September,all,fluffypanties,"I really enjoyed this game! I'm curious to find out where the story goes from where it's been established, the characters have great interactions with each other, and Joey's personality specifically shines to me! It reminds me of myself as a kid, as well as the point and click elements being reminiscent of games I played back then.The gameplay is pretty fun too! There's lots of interactions you can have with items, and the art in this game is lovely, atmospheric and the animation is extremely fluid. If I had to nitpick, I would have liked to see more of the interactable setpieces move, a la old point and clicks, but as they are, they're fine. I like the monster interactions as well, though some of them are a little tricky to figure out, the AHA! moment you get from it is great, and a really interesting battle system.I only had a few problems with the game, like the movement to different areas is a little finicky, sometimes the visuals glitch a little between cutscenes, though it's never game-breakingly bad. All in all, solid and enjoyable! I'm looking forward to the next installment :)"
,Recommended,623940,34956667,Posted: 14 September,all,NickTheMemestar,"hiveswap has ruined my entire career in writing and having done this has devasted me emotionallyEDIT: upon finishing the game i have realized that it is by far the best game i have played in 2017, it was definitly worth the 4 year wait"
76561198013098543,Recommended,623940,34975620,Posted: 15 September,all,Mori,Amazing!!!Can't wait to play the other episodes <3
,Recommended,623940,34970610,Posted: 15 September,all,Spazzo981,omg this game
,Recommended,623940,34970888,Posted: 15 September,all,AIalex,"What to say about Hiveswap? I absolutely love Hiveswap!Sure it came out literal years after it was supposed to, and sure the game length is shorter than the time it took me to read Jailbreak. But you know what? Andrew Hussie has done it again.Okay in all seriousness... for those of you who are a fan of Homestuck and possibly Undertale, this is RIGHT up your alley, with all the charm and unique humour you've come to expect from Homestuck and more.The only downside? IT IS TOO SHORT!I realise it is only Act 1, but even on that level, this is not enough content. It didn't ruin the experience by any means. What is there is the point and click genre damn near perfected. But I was hoping for at least a bit more for my buck.Do I reccomend this? Absolutely! But for those who aren't Homestuck fans or arne't into seeing how the point and click genre has been revitalised, I would say wait until the whole thing has finished coming out. But after that, it is a must buy for anyone looking for a great time in a unique world!alsohomestuckisthebestthingeverandyoushouldtotallycheckitoutokaythanksbye"
76561198111937184,Recommended,623940,34969872,Posted: 15 September,all,ElysianMeadows,"The design gimmick is that there are an absolutely preposterous number of text reactions to putting different items together with each other and with the environment features. I've spent hours in the first room and haven't accomplished anything quest-related, just read what the game says when you click stuff together.This verboseness has some small downsides... firstly, the music gets repetitive. Secondly, if you're offended by grammatical errors, watch out -- the text is absolutely LADEN with them. One in twenty text boxes has one, which is a lot when you're reading thousands of the things. Might be even one in ten. The game badly needs a few proof reading passes.Humour is dark and relatively consistent.Animation is kind of jittery and framey, but you're not really playing a 2D text adventure game for the animation, even if it is 2017.I'm enjoying it so far."
,Recommended,623940,34970694,Posted: 15 September,all,Monte,I overdrafted to buy this game it better be good
76561198080440146,Recommended,623940,34969721,Posted: 15 September,all,Inutrasha,i love this alot! great characters and beautiful visuals 10/10
76561198015233561,Recommended,623940,34969746,Posted: 15 September,all,VoidParadox,"I've been following this game for a while and whew boy! Can I say I'm absolutely delighted by it. As of now, it's only one Act, but the characters, the music, the art, the story, and the combat sequences delight me a ton! Especially the Strife stuff, that just gets my nostalgia rocking. All in all, it's a game I highly recommend for those who don't know anything about Andrew Hussie and those who spent a REAL long while reading Homestuck. Get it while it's hot! (Which seems like it'll be....forever!)"
76561198095653244,Recommended,623940,34970328,Posted: 15 September,all,Cyberspace,"Beautiful artwork, immersive music, and captivating dialog akin to the original Homestuck itself. The game is overall ""Xellent"", but the main issue I have is the ratio between play time and price. While I understand the immense amount of work put into the game, it seems a bit expensive to pay 8 dollars for every 2-3 hour episode individually. Perhaps they could introduce a season pass of some kind? But that's just my two booncents on it."
,Recommended,623940,34970406,Posted: 15 September,all,sugarfreefox,"There were so many references to homestuck and a couple things I recognized from when I was a child (LITE BRITE) so instantly I was really happy with this. I'm not too good at playing puzzle games though, so I had to consult a walkthrough a couple times. There were some minor glitches but nothing that was too game-breaking for me."
76561198079618785,Recommended,623940,34970188,Posted: 15 September,all,reawendarko,"I love point and click, I love Homestuck, I love this game.Now I'm going to play it again and wait for Act II"
,Recommended,623940,34958267,Posted: 14 September,all,MANDIAS,it good
76561198078396872,Recommended,623940,34958276,Posted: 14 September,all,disruptedExplorer,"This was awesome. Whether a long time fan or a newcomer, there's plenty to giggle at here."
,Recommended,623940,34958238,Posted: 14 September,all,SylphOfHeart,"Amazing game, stunning art and beautiful music.Every Homestuck's wet dream at this point.I finished the game in about three hours, but I eagerly await Act Two!"
,Recommended,623940,34958244,Posted: 14 September,all,FlowerThorns,Homestuck has ruined my life btu the art style is beautiful and I love all the references and the beginning puzzles.I'm not sure if its just me or the first act was a little short but... t was still worth the play. cant wait for act 2!
,Recommended,623940,34958321,Posted: 14 September,all,Spahce,"It was worth the wait, Hiveswap is amazing, and I love the characters! I can't wait until Act 2."
,Recommended,623940,34958053,Posted: 14 September,all,Ammy,"the game starts at 720p, restart after setting to the correct resolution so the game worksit short but okay"
76561198114841489,Recommended,623940,34958065,Posted: 14 September,all,Crustacean,love the art and soundtrack!
,Recommended,623940,34958079,Posted: 14 September,all,roibeard1,"This is really really good, as a long time fan of Homestuck I wasn't expecting it to appeal to non-homestuck fans? But they did a wonderful job of making it accessible while also having plenty of references to appease fans! It's a wonderful game and I recommend it to all, I was not expecting such quality."
,Recommended,623940,34958098,Posted: 14 September,all,meupkidp,"Very good, if underwhelmingly short.Animations are a bit choppy and there's a few grammatical errors (though that's forgiveable given they don't really distract you from the game)Pretty good though, can't wait to see what's coming :D"
76561198322892913,Recommended,623940,34958104,Posted: 14 September,all,Red,"Honestly, even after waiting so long for this game, I was still super hyped to play it. It was very much worth the wait. I sold my soul to Hussie and I'm not even mad. This game is so good so far and I cannot wait for the next installment!"
,Recommended,623940,34958118,Posted: 14 September,all,VereorNox,Worth the wait
76561198213090855,Recommended,623940,34957021,Posted: 14 September,all,isabellasfandoms,"After when joey goes through the portal, theres a mini game with a password to get out of that room. It won't allow me to go right when playing the game."
76561198176898147,Recommended,623940,34956964,Posted: 14 September,all,Dippwert,i can finally get my soul back from hussie now
,Recommended,623940,34956986,Posted: 14 September,all,Rana,I love this game allready! Joey is so loveable!
,Recommended,623940,34957097,Posted: 14 September,all,runescape friend,"Short, but very sweet. It's got that classic homestuck humor but it is able to stand on it's own, if you can get over the weirdness. My playthrough took me 2.5 hours, and I missed a lot of secret achievements and stuff. Excited for the next episode.P.S. If your screen is misbehaving or the cutscenes are skipping, lower the resolution and put it in windowed mode, it fixes it."
,Recommended,623940,34955694,Posted: 14 September,all,hae,I'm crying now
,Recommended,623940,34956404,Posted: 14 September,all,YA BOI ENGLISH,I'm so glad January is over
,Recommended,623940,34956916,Posted: 14 September,all,CIPHER MY WIRT,"IT'S FINALLY OUT. IT'S FINALLY HERE.I have yet to finish the game, somewhat deep enough I assume?Fairly, the art is great as per expected. Horrendously colourful like Homestuck's flashes. Click-Point movement is so far alright imho, though clicking on every cubic pixel is kinda of tedious when you can't get something to work.My only concern is the transition from the gameplay to the cutscenes, the black screen pauses a tad few seconds too long for my liking as though I fear it would crash or something. However, nothing like that has ever happened and I hope it never will.Great music as always. G R E A T  S T R I F E.a GOOD GAME TO REVIVE THE FANDOM."
76561198268825627,Recommended,623940,34956721,Posted: 14 September,all,mflinlin,"It's a really cute game overall, and the characters are likable and pretty well fleshed out. There's a ton of callbacks if you read homestuck, but it's not incomprehesible if you haven't. The animation is fluid and obviously a lot of work went into making the environments detailed. The only drawback is that it's pretty short (it is part 1 of 4), but pacing is good and it's really fun to play!"
,Recommended,623940,34956525,Posted: 14 September,all,arachniaPhobia,"It's fantasic. Took a while to come out, but already I am in love. The references are amazing to Homestuck. Good Job Hussie"
,Recommended,623940,34956594,Posted: 14 September,all,Chimel,It took so long for a reason.Perfection.Also that was a longass january
,Recommended,623940,34956780,Posted: 14 September,all,Negan,A gO OD GAME WITH GOOD B E A NScan't wait for Act 2 already..rip we are rising back up.
76561198303586472,Recommended,623940,34956796,Posted: 14 September,all,Sharkbot,"I woke up, excited to play a game that we've waited years for but not many, and then spent the past hour trying to get past the at the moment biggest Challenge; the unloadable cutscene. Maybe low specs(it's a 2D game! This isn't PUBG), maybe a bug(cough cough Unity). Hopefully I'll be able to play a game better than sburb."
,Recommended,623940,34956856,Posted: 14 September,all,Dr. Simetra,"Funny, nostalgic, worth the wait. A great comeback for Hussie and What Pumpkin? after all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t they went through just trying to get this game off the ground. Played the entire thing in a ♥♥♥♥ed up resolution because I'm an idiot but still loved it. Short and sweet . . . for now."
,Recommended,623940,34956866,Posted: 14 September,all,Vaporeon,Okay but when is Act 2 coming out?
,Recommended,623940,34955426,Posted: 14 September,all,Kadaxe,"Very worth the wait. Great references for all homestuck readers, and a welcoming storyline for all who are just crossing the game's path"
,Recommended,623940,34955753,Posted: 14 September,all,Violet,"so far, i havent seen a single♥♥♥♥♥♥joke. thouroughly dissapointed."
,Recommended,623940,34963569,Posted: 14 September,all,BekTheScribe,"Fantastic soundtrack, funny dialogue, and super fun to play! Loved it!!"
76561198137883090,Recommended,623940,34963049,Posted: 14 September,all,Best Girl,"I may be a bit biased given that i am a huge fan of HS but i enjoyed this alot.It looks good, great music, good writing all that.i would give it 1.5 out of 5 hats to keep it real."
76561198255637822,Recommended,623940,34963051,Posted: 14 September,all,HomoPonyRabbit,"I rate the game 4/5. It would have been 5/5 if the cutscenes would have actually played instead of getting stuck and then freezing and skipping to the next part of the gameplay. I loved it though, the music was excellent too."
76561198062358764,Recommended,623940,34963487,Posted: 14 September,all,DeadlyFela,Great game. Thank the lord for hussie
,Recommended,623940,34964951,Posted: 14 September,all,Triangulum,u cant fight the homestuck. cant wait for more acts!!!!
,Recommended,623940,34964323,Posted: 14 September,all,giggles01,"I absolutely loved this game! It was a bit short but the music, animation and puzzles were all really great! A++ would recommend."
76561198087803360,Recommended,623940,34967665,Posted: 15 September,all,Adrienn Varn,"The actual literal best game by default. Of course, this is coming from a Homestuck fan of many years, but it's also actually an exquisite game, gorgeous graphics (the hand animation is very appreciated!), and definitely fulfills the goal of a tribute to 90's adventure games. It's great! The only complaint I have is that it's so short, and mostly that's because I don't know when Act 2 will be released. Hopefully soon!"
76561198089038873,Recommended,623940,34967689,Posted: 15 September,all,Major Tanya,[Welcome back Homestucks.][Well Hussie delivered with Toby.][A little confusing at first but then you gotta remember Homestuck.][Now prepare yourself for ACT 2.]
76561198273752369,Recommended,623940,34967462,Posted: 15 September,all,Remis_Inti,"Hiveswap is a pretty decent game...I'd say an eight of of ten at most.Can I just say, I adored the dialouge between our two siblings and how quirky each character is in their own special way. Joey is once of the more likable characters I've seen in entertainment in recent years and I personally love how she knows what she wants to do and she's going to get it as soon as she can. As for the rest of the characters, I do hope to see more development on Jude, but hopefully in Hauntswitch, and Xefros was fun to read though he does need more development so we can really see the type of character he is.I love the way you can tell how the characters lived and what they liked just by looking at your surroundings of where they lived, Joey's room and the kitchen expecially. The visuals were just outstanding, the backgrounds, even if initially concept art, and just so damn appealing to look and and they tell the viewer so much and I love that they get that point around and don't even need words for it but they go the extra mile by adding a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of funny dialouge to each and every little thing in room. Cutscenes were smooth and crisp, I loved to watch them when my computer would actually properly load them, heh.Now the soundtrack....oh my god the soundtrack. IT'S JUST AMAZING. I love how the music in the game always is able to convey the atmosphere and feeling of the scene, whether it's goofy and laid back or to make you ready for action. It always gets it's point around and that's great for music. The motifs are lovely and I even bought the soundtrack included version of the game. Toby Fox's composition was incredible, but I think what made it really shine was James Roach's great instrument choices. (I personally really like SERPENT GENESIS)As for controls, they were honestly a bit wonky, but not unbearably bad. Places in the manor were tedious to get around because of how inconviently the other room enterences were and how you would often accidentally click of them. But system wise it was fun and I love the charming puzzles, though a couple of them were really farfetched and I had to look up how to do them!I have to say, there's a lot of cons to this game, but most of them are so small that someone just enjoying it for the narrative wouldn't notice. I'd have to say the biggest things that bothered me in my first playthrough of this was the ocassional skip of dialouge (since any key goes to the next text bubble) and how, even on one of the lowest resolutions, the cutscenes were extremely slow and sometimes would make my game freeze. There were also times where I felt like the game wasn't complete just because of the sprite animations only having four to eight frames per second, which is honesly kind of sad to look at. There are also times where some of the dialouge, specifically between Joey and Xefros, where text feels unnessary or drawn out as if it's a filler episode in a comedy show. A very small conplaint is how there were just these moments of almost silence where I think they could have tried to work more on sound design of the monsters to help get the atmosphere of the scene across.A complaint that doesn't apply to most of the first buyers (like myself) but will probably impact a lot of people later on if this game gets really popular is that if felt like there was an extreme inbalance of the ""Homestuck feel"" that it was promising. At the start of the game Homestuck readers are refreshed with even just the text font but throughout the Half-Harley manor you see refrences scattered in almost every corner and I loved that...but when we got to Alternia it just felt well...devoid of anything Homestuck. Sure they have Alternia as a planet and the species and all that but the refernces were clearly toned down A LOT. I wasn't too personally effected by this but it just felt really off to me during my first play through. At the same time though, I feel like for someone who hasn't read Homestuck all these references are shoved down their throat and they're finally relieved of that once they get to the Alternian scenes.Another small gripe, though many people have talked about it, is the awkward switching between characters and how once you just get invested in Joey, she gets taken away from you and the bizzare Jude Harley is who you're playing as. It's just ackward and feels forced on you, and it was really sudden, I think it would have just been better to make the scenes with Jude in them cutscenes and keep the playable characters limited to Joey and Xefros. That is until Hauntswitch when Jude gets his own game, then it makes a lot more sense.Those were just my main gripes though, and the pros about this game definately overweigh the cons; plus, some of those cons won't even been noticed by people. I smiled a lot through playing Hiveswap and I think the dialouge and main visuals can make up for most of it's cons. It's just simply a fun game, though I think that after people experiance all of the combinations and get each achievement, it whill have a clear lack of replay value, that is until the next game comes out and we see what will become of Hiveswap."
76561198018994679,Recommended,623940,34967519,Posted: 15 September,all,Diet Coke,"I warned you, bro. I warned you about that Hiveswap."
,Recommended,623940,34967544,Posted: 15 September,all,Thom (Thom),let me tell you about HOMESTUCK
,Recommended,623940,34969318,Posted: 15 September,all,willabeast999,"I loved this game, it was very story rich and all that junk...well what do u expect from a homestuck game10/10"
76561198159292124,Recommended,623940,34971548,Posted: 15 September,all,janethelen98,"HELP I can't do the snake game, it doesn't respond when I click on the keyboard. What do I do now?"
76561198042976032,Recommended,623940,34978967,Posted: 15 September,all,INFINITE SPIDERS,very good game but it could be gayer. hopefully future episodes will be gayer still
,Recommended,623940,34977978,Posted: 15 September,all,chawklette,pretty short but still pretty dope
76561198140275425,Recommended,623940,34977980,Posted: 15 September,all,NekoNewb-Senpai,Yes. Hell Yes. HELL ♥♥♥♥ING YES.Better then John's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ghost buster mmorpg
,Recommended,623940,34977981,Posted: 15 September,all,kustt nite,homestuck
76561198008532621,Recommended,623940,34976970,Posted: 15 September,all,michaell8000,love this game no really it's been awile since i decided to go for a new point & click started off WTF ended with cuteness and horror.
,Recommended,623940,34978313,Posted: 15 September,all,baltic chaosmaker,"'AIGHT PEOPLE, BUCKLE UP BECAUSE I'M ABOUT TO WRITE A SPOILER-FULL DETAILED REVIEW ON THIS ONEI've been saving up for this game for a long time and honestly, even if there are some bugs and visual glitches, I still absolutely love it.Cons first:Once in a while the screen will shift to the side so much that another window of other scene appears (and the scene is also iteractable), tho I heard that this will be fixed in future updates. The default movements of characters while not walking are a bit choppy, but I guess that could be the style of the game.And that's it, I didn't notice any other bugs, probably because I was too busy admiring the artwork.And now, a novel-lenght appreciation part of the gameFirst of all, ARTWORK. Man, the backgrounds, the animations, y e s. I would spend like 10 minutes just staring at the backgrounds, admiring the beautiful art. And then clicking furiously on everything with everything to get every single text box I can get. The humour of the game is also yes, very much like Homestuck, forced me to take out my translator app sometimes because it uses SO MUCH fancy words. Especially Jude. Jude's talking through walkie talkie kinda annoyed me.Music. Oh god, the music. Every single piece I heard in this game is beautiful. Toby Fox and James Roach did an amazing job. My favourite was Xefros' theme Rustblood, a.k.a. WHERE THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE THE TREATS. Can't wait to arrange the song to piano.Moving on. Strife scenes. They are a bit tricky, but I really enjoyed the generic Homestuck Strife texts after every attack. I loved that you needed to use stuff in your sylladex to win the fights. Rip bat monster, you will not be missed as you ate poor Frohiko.The animations are really fluid and beautifully drawn. The ""The Door is Open"" animation is amazing. The facial expressions of the characters are very funny and perfectly drawn as well. Man, this game's visual are great and I will proceed to talk about it for the rest of my life.Moving to Alternia, I was happy to find out some more stuff about this world that Hussie has crafted for us over the years. The violent nature of trolls never fails to amuse me. As Xefros kept talking about his moirail Dammek, who was probably sucked in to the cherub portal at the same time as Jude, I started to grow fond of this little sweet cinnamon roll Xefros and kinda feel bad for the boy, because his moirail was clearly using him? Let Jude kick Dammek's♥♥♥♥♥later for that please.Where was I?Discovered Alternian sports - Pusher ? I think? Later he referred to this sports as Arena Stickball so I dunno. Once again, morbid game: you win - cool, you lose - death. Like everything is in Alternia.Also they have public transport which is great.My favourite part about the Alternia part of gameplay was the ability to name Lususes. Lusi? I don't even know. I don't know why, but I got really excited when I got to pick a name for sloth Lusus.Interactive walkie-talkie on Earth and trollian on Alternia was cool too. I wonder how will the real life dialogues go in the next Acts.The personalities of the characters were also good. I feel like I know the characters as good as people I see everyday. Is that a good thing? Probably. Easier to write good fanfics :DMan, I could go on and on about every single object in the game, but I'll spare you guys this time.TL;DR: As it was just released it has some bugs but aside from those, the game is amazing and you all should check it out!"
,Recommended,623940,34964899,Posted: 14 September,all,Skeet (Employee of the Month),"A well made and fun game. Although it's only 2 hours it's still good. Some people think that's very little for how long the game took to make, but then again they did have other stuff going on. I have faith that after Act 1's release that the next Acts will come much quicker. The game deserves an 8/10, being quite fun, but somewhat short. Can't wait to see what WhatPumpkin has in store!"
76561198007937128,Recommended,623940,34964929,Posted: 14 September,all,Rad Heron,"great soundtrack, great writing, great art, A+++ joined the mailing list will probably be drawing fanartwhens act 2 lol"
76561198123684129,Recommended,623940,34964375,Posted: 14 September,all,Imperious Condescension,"THIS GAME. Been waiting a long time, and I'm not even disappointed. The graphics are really great, music is wonderful, initial story has a great hook. AND another fuschia for me to fawn over! So many neat little references to find too! Absolutely cannot wait till the next act (read prepared to wait forever, because it's Homestuck, but would prefer not to).As always with new games, a few bugs: combat is a little weird, screen ratio is way off in chat view, although it looks like there's a simple fix for that.Would have loved if this was a little longer (played at 3.6 hours first run through), but overall very satisfied."
,Recommended,623940,34960824,Posted: 14 September,all,beokirby,This game while being short and having one major graphical bug that is easily fixed (change to proper resoloution for your moniter and restart the game) WAS AMAZING especially near the end
76561198045066336,Recommended,623940,34960825,Posted: 14 September,all,garrulous_Teamotei,A beautiful game with plenty of little secrets to uncover.
,Recommended,623940,34960902,Posted: 14 September,all,Jace_Spark,"This game is ****ing amazing, love it completely, though I had to reset when I forgot to save and went into the first strife, I kinda messed something up. But other than that it was awesome and in general really fun, can't wait for the next act.And honestly, I'd reccomend this game to any fan of Homestuck."
,Recommended,623940,34960860,Posted: 14 September,all,Allowyn,"Very cute little point and click game with stunning art and a gorgeous soundtrack. Sure the combat system could use a little tutorial but otherwise all the puzzles were really fun! The story was compelling and the main character easily lkeable, as are the supporting ones. Still sad I couldn't beat up monsters with a flashlight though."
76561198299164041,Recommended,623940,34960052,Posted: 14 September,all,lizabeetee,"I really enjoyed this game, and all the years of effort put into it really shine through! The art and music are amazing, it plays smoothly, the only thing that is missing is more! I can't wait for future installments :)"
76561198088390569,Recommended,623940,34961180,Posted: 14 September,all,Prince Of Mind.,This was a fun experience over all and was 100% worth it. Highly recomend it.
,Recommended,623940,34961151,Posted: 14 September,all,alien asshole,"spent 20 minutes playing alien 'snake' and f*cking it up for 19 of them. 10/10.also, I didn't have any major technical issues but, i have a gaming laptop. other than a few graphical bugs, everything was playable."
76561198101142615,Recommended,623940,34961192,Posted: 14 September,all,Honk Clown,HOLY **** I LOVE THIS GAME I LOVE THIS WEBCOMIC I WANT THE SECOND ACT ALREADY MY BOIS
76561198066321118,Recommended,623940,34961344,Posted: 14 September,all,Dewfrost97,"5 years, and Hussie did not disappoint. The art, the music, the characters- all superb. It really is a great game."
,Recommended,623940,34961371,Posted: 14 September,all,MuffinQueen,aaaaaaaaa loved it
,Recommended,623940,34961244,Posted: 14 September,all,Not Triggered,"I'd say a must-get for homestuck fans...The references are aplenty and the story intersting.hell, you might as well play it then get into homestuck if you haven't read the webcomic."
,Recommended,623940,34961250,Posted: 14 September,all,meems,i want to get off mr hussie's wild ride
76561198111754801,Recommended,623940,34961375,Posted: 14 September,all,_ThatOneTavros_,"Amazing gameplay, many references, and subtlties that only Hussie can concoct. Short playtime though, for any oblivious player who hasnt read Homestuck it would be a totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, so if you want to play this, read Homestuck first to understand everything and have a good time."
,Recommended,623940,34961160,Posted: 14 September,all,Nerdicallity,"Amazingly story driven, the characters are great as well as their interactions with the world around them. Some wonderful investigation involved ""puzzles"". Very exciting at times but can be aggravating because the story can seem halted by the inability to find one item or how to use said items. Gameplay when rushed was about 3.5 hours for me but for $8 I would say thats fair for practically speedrunning. IT WILL LEAVE YOU NEEDING MORE... Do not buy expecting a full complete story. I am in love with the game due to my appreciation of a challenge, characters, and art. I recommend for those who want to appreciate things like music or art. If you want a story, wait till at least act 2 is out."
,Recommended,623940,34962081,Posted: 14 September,all,adad64,"Kinda fun, though a bit short. A well-crafted addition to the Homestuck universe."
,Not Recommended,623940,34962090,Posted: 14 September,all,Fruity,"Ok, I'm gonna be honest about this, I was a little dissapointed.From a gameplay standpoint, yeah no, it got stale very fast.From a visual, audio, and storytelling standpoint? It works REALLY well, sounds nice, but really falls into the pit Homestuck itself fell into for its first act, by that I mean it's really kinda boring. Sure there's a few fights here and there, but I don't really expect anything rather INTERESTING to happen 'till act 2, considering how things start to ramp up in the end of act 1.Also no curtains closing at the end but that's fine.Should you buy this?That's for you to decide, I reccomend that you buy it if you are intertested in getting act 2 out at a viable date (To avoid having to wait another 5 years)tl;dr6.7 hats out of 10"
76561198211616975,Recommended,623940,34962101,Posted: 14 September,all,psixenon,"Cutest thing ever, Wonderful dialog, Completely amazing"
76561198187087601,Recommended,623940,34962114,Posted: 14 September,all,junkertown is my city,as good as betty crocker!(or is that a bad thing?)
76561198049779346,Recommended,623940,34962253,Posted: 14 September,all,ronaldodegalvez,"If you're a fan of Homestuck, this is obviously a must. If you have been interested in Homestuck but never got a chance to read it, it's a safe bet. All in all, an honestly excellent point and click game with a lot of charm. Good writing, lovable characters, nostalgic 90's toys; a pretty good addition to the genre, and the HS universe. Worth the buy IMO."
,Recommended,623940,34962268,Posted: 14 September,all,NoksNonsense,I literally ran out of my lecture hall as soon as it ended just so I could play this. Completely worth it.
76561198097205361,Recommended,623940,34965912,Posted: 15 September,all,Autumnal Equinox.,"This game was absolutely amazing.The dialogue is charming, the point-and-click style is fun and engaging, the puzzles are interesting, and the music is fantastic. The Homestuck universe is upheld in this game. I loved it so much."
76561198088281047,Recommended,623940,34965916,Posted: 15 September,all,༼つ ◕_◕ ༽つ GIB KYLE,"So, after putting in a playthrough's worth of time into the game, I can say I was very satisfied. The story captured the early-homestuck charm with witty writing, plenty of shenanigans, and great music. My one concern is that my laptop froze up every cutscene. Hopefully I'll get a new one before Act II. Maybe they'll find a way to make cutscenes less demanding. Still a great game."
76561198274694973,Recommended,623940,34969239,Posted: 15 September,all,tbrand,"totally worth the price, you need this game"
,Recommended,623940,34969248,Posted: 15 September,all,Frosty,read altgenstuck its a real hiveswap fan fiction
,Recommended,623940,34969010,Posted: 15 September,all,Sora Hjort,"It's a 3 hour game. While based on Homestuck it doesn't require Homestuck. Atleast in Act 1 it's just nods to the origins.It is also clearly set in the 1990s. It's not so much in your face about it, but 90s kids will just see little things here and there that are clearly 90s things.If you are the kind of person who can handle episodic games, able to pick up the next chapter no problem. I can recommend this to get right now.if you aren't, maybe wait till HIVESWAP has completed.Homestuck isn't required reading for this game, which is good. Though if you've played this, and enjoyed it, I would recommend giving Homestuck a read. For three reasons.1. To pass the time. Homestuck is so long, it may take you months, maybe even a year or so to read through it depending on your pace.2. To get background and little nods within the game. Some of the stuff mentioned in Act I will likely get explained, like Moirails.3. Learning of the phenomenon that resulted in Newgrounds crashing. Cause yes, Homestuck caused that. Ironicly, it fit with the name and setting with the page/flash animation that caused it.. Cascade.So yeah, that's basically what I have to say for it. Whether or not you're a Homestuck fan, there may be something here for you if you're a fan of point and click games.Music's good too."
,Recommended,623940,34964771,Posted: 14 September,all,dawnyspirits,"I've been a dear dear fan of homestuck for many years. It's one of the many things that got me started online, and I wouldn't know the people I know today were it not for the comic. That being said, I would've loved Hiveswap in any form it came in, and would've bought it regardless. The thirst for new content is and has always been endless. However, I didn't expect Hiveswap to be as charming as it is! It is no way a faithful recreation of the comic itself, but instead a charming retake on all the specific parts of Andrew Hussie's writing style I loved!By far though, I love the sprinkling of the 90's all through out the story. From Jude's treehouse, to the fact that Joey has to wait for her moden to boot up before she can log onto the internet. I've only played the first act, and I'm already in love with all of the characters!I greatly await the next installment, and I am endlessly proud of what the dev team has been able to produce despite numerous setbacks over the years!"
76561198057553249,Recommended,623940,34964778,Posted: 14 September,all,Sockie The Doctor Doggo,Oh man this game is great! I already beat it! now i just gotta figure out those achievements i missed! the music is wonderful. the puzzles are great (and im bad at them lol) the characters interactions are great! man when is the next part coming out?!
76561198124044816,Recommended,623940,34965684,Posted: 14 September,all,Umom,"I've waited for this game for ages!I just want to say...THANK YOUThis game is amasing, I literally spent 10 minutes on just title screen, listenning to music and looking at the background!"
,Recommended,623940,34965347,Posted: 14 September,all,Saelendious,"cant get enough of this, im reborn againthanks whatpumpkin <3"
76561198416934984,Recommended,623940,34971700,Posted: 15 September,all,TunaSandwich,"This game is exactly what everyone asked for, LOVE IT"
,Recommended,623940,34971659,Posted: 15 September,all,Zapdude,"HIVESWAP: Act 1 brings the distinct flavour of 90s nostalgia into the Homestuck universe, beautifully displayed in rich detail. Be warned, however, that a bug that I (and many others apparently) faced caused this beauty to be tarnished slightly. When opening the game, the aspect ratio is messed up. You can choose a new display ratio, and it *looks* like it might've fixed itself - but it hasn't. If you experience this issue, relaunch the game, or else the backgrounds are going to appear incorrectly at times.Back to the review. Hiveswap is a short adventure game with minimal difficulty and no ""dead ends"" from what I could see. The battle system is a neat spin on the way STRIFE works in Homestuck, and from what I could see it has no failure state. Think of battles in this as a series of puzzles that you have time to fail and get right. The puzzles don't involve any real violence, the main charatcer speaks for herself on this: ""I don't use guns.""What you get instead of anything above ""I whack the critter"" is a very funny and entertaining battle system, with the iconic bizarre one-liners of STRIFE combat acting as gags or hints. The puzzles in combat do suffer, however, from a lack of clarity. There are times in combat where you'd think an option would work... and it doesn't. However this is an issue that all adventure games suffer, the dreaded ""macgyver"" solutions. But to say that Hiveswap goes to extremes in the way traditional adventure games do would be a stretch - rather, you can have multiple items that seemingly serve the same purpose, but only one works.The environment is littered with interactable objects, and as any astute player would be wont to do, you'll spend most of your time clicking through the background looking for items. If you're the kind of person who couldn't care less about the story, and just look for items to solve puzzles, you'll probably only spend 20-40 minutes on this game. I'm a big fan of Homestuck, and spent a lot of time reading item descriptions and looking around this new part of its universe eagerly.But that brings us to another point of contention for potential newcomers: the writing. I find the goofy and oftentimes slightly crude writing of Andrew Hussie to be amusing; it fits the theme of ""a bunch of kids doing stuff"" well, and can be very funny when it wants to be. However if you're the kind of person who's coming here looking for a tightly written and executed exploration of characters, then perhaps come into this game with an open mind. None of this is to say that Andrew's writing is bad, or lacklustre, or anything of the sort - heck, most adventure games also have corny writing. Rather I'd like to warn potential buyers that you're not walking into an oscar worthy piece of literary masterclass; rather, an emotional, epic, drama-abound script about kids being kids. It's great, but it's not for everyone.Speaking of tone and atmosphere the music does the game much justice. I've seen comments about the music transitions being jarring but personally I never had issues with it. I did however spend a lot of time happily exploring with unobtrusive but pleasant melodies filling my ears. Homestuck has never been short of good music and Hiveswap is no exception. Don't let my description fool you however, when the game needs to get into full gear the soundtrack is happy to oblidge.The story of Hiveswap so far has been very engaging. As an avid fan of Homestuck I found myself drawn, yet again, to the exploration of themes such as society and class, as well as the intriguing inclusion of green and red spirals... As someone who has no experience with the Homestuck universe, however, the game still has much to offer. It isn't quick to throw you into themes unbeknownst to anybody but the ""niche audience."" The game offers a steady introduction to the themes of the universe, with only a few things sticking out to me as lacking explanation; namely the STRIFE system itself.The only remaining topic worth touching on is the animation. The idle animations for characters are very expressive and speak to their personalities; but they feel lacking. Rather than being fluid and pleasing to look at, they are stilted, as if they were merely a few frames thrown together. This becomes less apparent over time but it was still distracting at first. The game features many cutscenes, some of which are mostly fully animated and beautiful (the opening and ending cutscenes come to mind, the latter being wonderfully animated) - while the rest are stills being played with sound effects and music. I wish we had seen more of the former, but I understand the team were on a budget, and respect that they used their money wisely.Overall I would recommend this game to anybody with £5 to spare, an open mind looking for a goofy, funny, and rather dramatic story, and a love of puzzles. If you are none of these then it might still be worth a try, but the refund option may turn out to be your best friend. If I had to rate Hiveswap as how I enjoyed it as a fan: 10/10. If I had to rate it as a consumer: 7/10. Hiveswap is let down by its length and minor technical issues. Even while taking my time and reading everything I could, I finished the game in about two hours and forty minutes. I thoroughly enjoyed that entire time, with no dips in my enjoyment whatsoever - but it was still a rather short time.I will be back when Act 2 releases to continue the story, and hopefully, continue to enjoy myself immensely."
76561198066386424,Recommended,623940,34971787,Posted: 15 September,all,Funny Valentine,You Can't Fight the Homestuck !
,Recommended,623940,34963495,Posted: 14 September,all,Akkikumori,And on 9/14/17 the homestuck fandom went godtier
76561197996825667,Recommended,623940,34963126,Posted: 14 September,all,joerammstein,Pretty darn great. Looking forward to the next one!
,Recommended,623940,34962039,Posted: 14 September,all,MystifyingKitkat,I'm wokeee
76561198417064731,Recommended,623940,34977300,Posted: 15 September,all,sierrah1025,"I really love this game!! It has great art and characters and writing and music (honestly im still a little shocked that it really exists) but its great and i love it, and i cant wait for the next one!"
,Recommended,623940,34977803,Posted: 15 September,all,cydneyazore,"Killing me sweetly, softly. My soul has ascended and will not return for some time.In all seriousness tho! The enviroments are enchanting. The music is adorable and relaxing. The animation is smooth and nostalgic, like when you first played the flashes with John!If you're looking for the kind of graphic and violent humor that Homestuck has, it isn't here! But as it is, it's charming and brings out the best home-alone vibes.I see many hours replaying this just to screw around with things at my leisure until we see act 2."
,Recommended,623940,34977816,Posted: 15 September,all,HellZDarkArkon,OMIGRUB!!! I LOVE THIS GAME!!!
76561198149232513,Recommended,623940,34977824,Posted: 15 September,all,Blyak7,"I put it up on a pedestal during the build up, wasn't quite all that. It's still an amazing game though. Would recommend."
,Recommended,623940,34976753,Posted: 15 September,all,Yackronin,"I baught this game directly after launch. I have now finished it and can say that it is beautiful, but lasts about 2 hours, so go for it if you like witty humor, read homestuck or just want a fun point and click adventue!"
76561198003498673,Recommended,623940,34976755,Posted: 15 September,all,Gamzee Makara,"Well, I don't really tend to write reviews for, like, anything. But this game here deserves this and much more.I have to say that, being a Homestuck fan, I was really hyped waiting for it, but nevertheless, I will make this review as objective as possible.It's an awesome first act for a point and click game. If you are a Homestuck fan like me, you're going to really enjoy playing this, looking into every detail and gasping at every reference or in-depth look at thing related to the webcomic.Now, that doesn't mean that this game can't be enjoyed by people who doesn't know Homestuck, quite the opposite, indeed, the story is tailored in a way that no knowledge of the webcomic is needed to enjoy it. Sure, you'll miss part of the appeal of the game, but you won't have any ""What? Am I supposed to know something?"" moment while playing Hiveswap: Act 1.Pros:- A really nice and unique art style, with very fluid animations.- A great soundtrack to enjoy every stage of the game.- It's easy enough to assure you won't get frustrated by not knowing what to do to continue the story.- The narration is very enjoyable, with humour everywhere, surely to make you feel like you are playing the likes of Monkey Island or Hollywood Monsters.Cons:- Maybe a little bit too easy, indeed. If you only enjoy point and clicks adventures that make you squeeze you brain out in order to solve an almost unsolvable puzzle, you're not going to enjoy this game, but hey! they point it out themselves, so...- It is only the first act of a 4 acts series, so... Yeah, it really leaves you wanting more once you finish it, I'm not gonna lie. But well... It's only 8$, so it's a fair quantity of content for that price.With all said, while I REALLY recommend this game to everyone who loves good humour and a great story, I must also say that, if you can, wait untill more acts are out, or have enough distractions at hand for when you finnish this one and find yourself craving for more Hiveswap."
,Recommended,623940,34977384,Posted: 15 September,all,Ceebers,"So after playing through act one, I can confidently say that this game could become the next undertale, if it becomes mainstream, which I hope to god it doesnt because Im a damn hipster. However, this game is indeed downright AMAZING. It does a great job of incorporating references from the Homestuck webcomic, and the game itself is beautiful, graphicswise. Its humorous, story driven, and, to me, not being much of a point and click adventure type of person, was kinda challenging. The only downside to me is that you cannot physically lose any of the strife, or rather, battle, segments. However, I do believe this game was worth the wait. This is a must-own for any homestuck fan."
,Recommended,623940,34977469,Posted: 15 September,all,Vriska Serket,"Here's what I think about Hiveswap : Act 1Pros :- The game atmosphere is fancy, cozy and really based on the 90s.- Even if you hadn't read Homestuck, you can enjoy and understand the game, but you'll miss some private jokes and references.- The soundtrack is very good. Not a surprise, the compositors are experts in music.- We can see the characterzs' personalities and emotions just by reading a simple written dialog.Cons :- Game's lifetime is 3 hours, but that's understandable because we've got more acts coming soon.- The price is often blamed but I think that 5,5$ is perfect.- Some bugs and FPS drops at animations.Overall I'd put a 9/10."
76561198255266122,Recommended,623940,34977061,Posted: 15 September,all,cider,"thanks! i love itseriously though, this was a ton of fun, visually just beautiful, and even if you're not familiar with homestuck would still be worth getting! (although there are a bunch of references and easter eggs if you are)it's not super long, you could breeze through it pretty quickly if you're just advancing the story, but the real charm of it is trying all the different item combos, which could easily bump you up to 5+ hours if you do all of them. i did quite a few on the first playthrough, but i'll play through it again because im one of those people who wants every last detailbut yeah, i would definitely recommend the game, it's charming and amazing in pretty much every way!"
76561198097607646,Recommended,623940,34971926,Posted: 15 September,all,[T34M] Jin Gunner,"""Insert random homestuck reference"""
76561198138611165,Recommended,623940,34964381,Posted: 14 September,all,Sour Grape Snape,god i can't believe i'm doing this to myself again fml
76561198080460718,Recommended,623940,34965028,Posted: 14 September,all,Liam17546,This game ♥♥♥♥IN DOPE
76561198376273000,Recommended,623940,34965311,Posted: 14 September,all,takibiakuma,"Dear god, so PERF! This game is Xelent!"
76561198330361517,Recommended,623940,34965407,Posted: 14 September,all,dougwolf20,i would say hive swap is a good game but well it's kind of impossible to enjoy the music beacuse of what i can only assume is a bug that cuts the music to shreads during cutscenes which is kind of annoying but what pumpkin you did a good job wth this game now don't ♥♥♥♥ it up with cannon fodder charicters and ruining the plot you set up and this will be a fine series of game
76561198210635693,Recommended,623940,34965192,Posted: 14 September,all,blacknwhitestripe,"Lovely game. Great soundtract. Lovely character. Lovely art. Short, but considering that it's 8 dollars and the first in a serires it makes sense. Only downside is production time, which isn't really a facet of the content itself. When will the next act come out? Soon I hope !"
76561197982744422,Recommended,623940,34965246,Posted: 14 September,all,Shocker,"As a fan of Homestuck, I am ultimately pleased with what I got. Hiveswap has its flaws, but I felt it was worth the cash. The art is great, the team really did an outstanding job. The dialogue is solid too. The interactions between objects deserves special applause. The interactions are very humorous, and I look forward to exploring them further when I have more time. The main shortcomings lie in poor transitions, variant volumes, and the fact it is very short. The soundtrack is also excellent, but this was expected."
,Recommended,623940,34964832,Posted: 14 September,all,♥ Chocological ♥,"Absolutely loved it and can't wait for the next Act! Recommend to any fans of Homestuck!That being said though, I'm not sure I can recommend this for someone who isn't a big fan. Pretty much all of the non-pop culture references will go right over your head, and there will be plenty of things you just straight up will not understand, such as what the hell Strife or a Sylladex is and why do these kids have such goofy or dangerous weapons, why do some of the characters talk in such a nonsensical way, who is their babysitter or father and why are they important. Many of these things are barely touched upon, if at all and will leave you with questions that won't get answered at least in this Act, but have already been long ago answered in the comic.At the same time though, I have no way of experiencing this game with zero knowledge of Homestuck, so maybe not knowing these things is a lot better for you. And if you did get this game knowing nothing about Homestuck I HIGHLY recommend reading the comic assuming you enjoyed the game, because it's literally this game but focusing on different kids doing different things, is way longer, and you don't have direct control over where the character goes. Except on the few occasions you do have control over a character.I'm not normally someone who likes Point and Click adventures, and I also despise episodic games, but to be completely honest I absolutely loved Hiveswap, and I don't really mind the episodic nature with Hiveswap specifically because it's like waiting for an update of the comic. I'm pretty sure God Emperor Hussie specifically told the devs to make it episodic so he coulddrag out our sufferinglet us enjoy it longer. So I'll suffer through it, and if you've sold your soul to Hussie like I have, you know you will too, don't bother lying to yourself.And if you haven't sold your soul yet run while you can, it's too late to save me, save yourself"
,Recommended,623940,34964791,Posted: 14 September,all,J U S T I C E,"The game is very interesting, a cliffhanger at best, though at its pricepoint, It's very worth it. The downside, being due to the game's highly detailed nature (or something), the gameplay is very, very fun, with almost no repitition, but very short, at most it would probably take about 2-3 hours to finish ACT 1. Hopefully acts 3-4 will be really long. The soundtrack is just amazing. Overall, this game is Great, and is probably short to keep the real meat of the story in the following acts. Highly recommended.Again, the game is very short, especially having been worked on for 5 years. but overall, we can't yet determine if we are getting the bang for our buck.>Pros-Meaty gameplay, never repetitive.-Great story-A great way to start off a hopefully long game-Memorable Characters-Feels like the 90's-Great Soundtrack-Homestuck>Cons-TOO Short (Possibly 2-3 hours MAX gameplay)-The Occasional choppy click problems"
,Recommended,623940,34964873,Posted: 14 September,all,funfreakingtastic,loved the homestuck references in this homestuck game
,Recommended,623940,34964747,Posted: 14 September,all,Aradia Megido,Great to explore and the music makes every single room and scene feel so alive. Can't wait for ACT 2. 0u0
,Recommended,623940,34964538,Posted: 14 September,all,Majestic Pudding,"Great, now whens act 2"
76561198152450680,Recommended,623940,34964661,Posted: 14 September,all,The Fursona of God,"It's got something for everyone.Little nods to the webcomic for people who've read it. If you haven't they aren't necessary to understand to progress or enjoy the game. It's a nice, easily digestible way to introduce yourself to the series, since a webcomic that size can be pretty daunting. Soundtrack is excellent. Nice sense of humor. Characters are well written. Animations and art are Really nice. It's straightforward enough to not be frustrating but convoluted enough to make your progress feel rewarding. It builds on all the likeable, nostalgic elements of point and click RPGs, and the 90s in general really.Just a fun and enjoyale thing I rly like it."
76561198062802719,Recommended,623940,34964586,Posted: 14 September,all,Cactus\,"A wonderfully witty adventure, more than worth the wait!"
,Recommended,623940,34966594,Posted: 15 September,all,DidacticAscended,So good so short need more hussie blease
,Recommended,623940,35173102,Posted: 24 September,all,Bangory,"The Homestuck game we all waited for is here! Except not.I'll be the 100th person to admit that the more recent announcements for the game were not what I expected. I didn't even expect it to be for the PC, let alone have nothing to do with Sburb. But that didn't stop me from buying it the day it came out.Initially, I was pretty skeptical. In the first 10 minutes of playing, I'd already spotted to in-game glitches and I wasn't impressed. My cynical mind could only think, ""How many years had this been in the making? How much money did this earn again?"" But it was whatever. I was here to support one of my favorite webcomics turned game with three of my favorite creators boasting a hand in it's production, and get in on those sweet, sweet references. Quality was the least of my concerns (but still a concern none the less). But after the latest update, most of those quality concerns were swept away and I enjoyed the story in it's entirety and let me tell you. I finished it today and it was more than I would have ever hoped. I'm in love all over again. The characters are so well made and while I don't love all of them, I do admit that it's not because they're poorly written. In fact, their flaws make them enheritly better fleshed out. The game is FUN, though more story-based, with little player interaction other than telling the character where to go and some amount of puzzle solving skills. As the description says, you don't NEED to have read Homestuck in order to get into the game. In fact, the actual Homestuck references that would go over an unknowing player's head are rather few and far between, but just enough to make a old or new fan go, ""O SHOOT SON.""My only REAL complaint is the length. I thought $7.99 was a steal for a brand new game, but after beating the entirety of it in two not overly lengthy sittings, I can honestly say it was about 8 bucks of content. Which is to say it was about the length of one graphic novel, which is accurate pricing. For a more frugal and savvy fan, they may consider waiting until all the Acts come out and buy them in bulk. But you won't find me putting myself through that; You can bet I'll be buying Act 2 on it's release date as well, and I feel like that says something on my opinion of this game as a whole.Tl;Dr: If you're thinking of checking it out, just do it bro. Make it happen. It's a good intro."
76561197976904320,Recommended,623940,35173201,Posted: 24 September,all,riebmann,"PRO:nice soundtrack that did never annoy mescene design and qualityweird and funny, no explicit violencenot too easy, but never frustratinghuge amount of extra information to explore in every roomCON:rather short: played it through in one go in 3 hours, played another 2 hours to get all achievementssome of the walkie-talkie or text message conversations are by far too longconversations and cut-scenes can't be skipped, would be a shame on first playthrough, but would be useful starting from the second playthrough"
76561198067728169,Recommended,623940,35038635,Posted: 17 September,all,Negi,"My friend is killing me with his made up jude voice. he just ♥♥♥♥ing keeps doing it and it continues to pop up into my head every single hour. saying COMBAT NUBS and BUT JOEY. ANYWAYS, 4/5 must be longer game. was not enough to feed my homestucky needs."
,Recommended,623940,35168593,Posted: 23 September,all,goatcide,"As a longtime fan of HOMESTUCK, I was eager to see what this game would bring to the story, but was actually nicely surprised! Of course there's hints, nods, and cues (hehe), but outside of sharing the same world, it's otherwise a beautiful standalone game with it's own merits and story. Loveable characters, great art and animations, and I ADORE the soundtrack, all from such a small studio and difficult challenges while it was being made. Honestly can't wait for the next act!"
,Recommended,623940,35195169,Posted: 24 September,all,Jackstrouble,"Amazing Game! Loved the art and music, 100% recomend it."
76561198340704552,Recommended,623940,35011149,Posted: 16 September,all,tiffanyrosebud,took a while but the cutscenes are working!
,Recommended,623940,35196112,Posted: 24 September,all,Grisdon,"Fun little intro into this (hopefully) grand story.Pros: Lots to interact with and learn about.  Amazing soundtrack.  Likable characters.  Interesting enviroments.  Great art/animation.  No complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t puzzles, never got stuck.Cons: Clunky attempts at 'gameplay'.  Buggy UI.  No actual challange. Puzzles can be a bit too easy."
,Recommended,623940,35194259,Posted: 24 September,all,AJS6PES,"A bit short, but overall a very fun and very Homestuck-y experience. Act 2 can't come soon enough!"
,Recommended,623940,35192276,Posted: 24 September,all,Waste of Hope,413/10
76561198140915825,Recommended,623940,35191768,Posted: 24 September,all,Reluctant Archangel,"Hiveswap took all the things I liked about point and click games that have a linear storyline, and managed to keep that while dropping most of the things I dislike in such games. The only real con I'd say the game has is the fight scenes, but only because I was expecting a system that delivered semi-challenging fights wer you could lose. I suppose the puzzles could also be considered a con if you go into the game expecting challenging puzzles. Don't.Basically, Hiveswap is a story told through an interactive experience where you get much more flexibility to choose how fast things go than in a movie or such, and can spend massive amounts of time looking into details in the setting. Or you can speedrun things to some degree. Basically, if you want an enjoyable story to go through, buy it. If you're looking for something with challenging puzzles or fights, Hiveswap probably isn't for you."
,Recommended,623940,35192621,Posted: 24 September,all,Lord Chanka,"i rate this game 10/10 toblerones, the designs are flawlessly beautifull and the game imo has the best launch, did not crash, did not freeze or lag, out of 3 playthroughs i got only 3-4 cutscenes glitch, but nothing like a good ol' reset fixes the problem.once again 10/10 will donate 50 tonnes of Toblerones to lord Hussie if only i could afford it."
,Recommended,623940,35188338,Posted: 24 September,all,Daemon Sol,"Kind of short, was expecting more.  I liked all the references to the main canon of Homestuck, but on the whole it feels lacking."
,Recommended,623940,35171860,Posted: 23 September,all,doogalbeez,"Reading through the webcomic, pretty excited to play this as the webcomic would be a good game too, i think at least.Little bummed on the time played, but will keep an eye out for Act 2. 2 hours for $8 is acceptable, ""if"" you take your time and double check everything, you could stretch the play time further.Game play was, clicky, which I like. Artwork and animations were great.I liked it!"
76561198352433905,Recommended,623940,35164446,Posted: 23 September,all,timeshenanigansahoy,"I absolutely love this game, I've been a Homestuck fan since I was twelve, and I've been eagerly waiting for Hiveswap since the kickstarter. It's absolutely lovely, the graphics, design, and writing for the game is phenomenal and I absolutely adore the new characters. I can't wait to see more from the new characters, and the dynamic between everyone. (I also can't wait to learn more about Trizza.)Overall, I absolutely adore the game, and really my only criticism was that the cutscenes glitched out for my computer, though I'm sure that'll get fixed, whether as a patch or in the next game."
,Recommended,623940,35164216,Posted: 23 September,all,RosieSpectre,"10/10 I love this game! The humor is great, the background art is really nice, and the characters are incredibly endearing. I love all the new lore we get for troll culture, and hints at what was going on before the beta kids' time!!"
,Recommended,623940,35163991,Posted: 23 September,all,Redhime,"Truly a homestuck feel, Cant waint for the next installment to see how this all connects in the same universe."
,Recommended,623940,35165674,Posted: 23 September,all,37dayswithoutrest,"holy ♠♠♠♠ this game is ♠♠♠♠ing amazing!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i cant wait for act two! TAKE MY MONEY HUSSIE!!!!!!!!my one complaint is the indeciferable trollian. maybe its just me or his handwriting, but i could not make out any of the trollian.worth more than 8 dollars"
,Recommended,623940,35145540,Posted: 22 September,all,Curtonius,Amazing game! Literally anybody could play this game and follow the story. There are references to Homestuck scattered everywhere around the game. Any item you have can somehow be used to interact with things whether it be just a different dialog pops up that utillizes both items in some manner or by actually working in your favor.
76561198290480093,Recommended,623940,35144133,Posted: 22 September,all,Ryuko,"Andrew Hussie, you son of a ♥♥♥♥♥! You've pulled me back into your horrible fandom!"
76561198199014035,Recommended,623940,35144526,Posted: 22 September,all,Peacefulelliot,This is honestly a great game wether you've read Homestuck or not you can't deny that haha. The art is amazing and though the game play isn't what I excpted it sorta works for the game. I constently want to walk around with wasd controls and then remeber you need to click but it's not so bad. I absolutely love the characters. The way they're drawn and the things they say and just ahhhh this game is wonderful!! Even the cut scenes are amazing.
76561198042335257,Recommended,623940,34961630,Posted: 14 September,all,TC,"Very funny game with likeable characters, a bit short but considering it's an episodic release that's to be expected and the price is fine for its length. Overall loved it and I'll be waiting excitedly for the next Act."
,Recommended,623940,34959978,Posted: 14 September,all,Wakraya,"When I started this game, I was afraid it wasn't going to be as good as I had hoped. The resolution seemed wonky, there was a big pause between the very first transiton into the next side of the room, and the sky in the background seemed to have not loaded properly. After so long, I was very much worried there were still going to be a lot of bugs and I wasn't going to enjoy the game as much.Then I reinstalled the game. The resolution was a misshap of the download it seems because it got fixed immediately. That one loading time still seemed wonky, but the Skybox was back in its rightful place- As long as you didn't check it IMMEDIATELY after switching rooms. Outside of that room however? When I got out of the very first room, things transitioned smoothly. The animation is gorgeous, the references are lovely, the additions to the lore are deeply intriguing. Every piece of dialog has been interesting so far, either in its quirkiness, how it adds onto the lore (Which so far has even been a tad depressing), or how it gives clues to how to proceed. The puzzles aren't too obscure either, and the Combat Sequences are more akin to timed puzzles than actual battles, which are a nice break from the slower paced rest of the game.I've only just begun this adventure, but I am already enthralled, and the very, very few bugs I found didn't come back once I went out of the very first room.This is the Game I've been waiting for 5 years.The wait has been incredibly worth it.Thank you. <3"
,Recommended,623940,34959053,Posted: 14 September,all,Hella Rad Meme,"THIS IS WHY THE GAME TOOK SO LONG, THEY WERE FORMULATING RESPONSES TO EVERY SINGLE ITEM COMBO POSSIBLE. WANT TO COMBO A BIRD WITH SOME TREATS? YOU CAN DO THAT! WANT TO PUT BATTERIES INTO A POSTER? YOU GODDAMN IDIOT, YOU CAN CERTAINLY TRY AND BE DISAPPOINTED!I love this game so much and can't wait for the next act"
76561198263376347,Recommended,623940,34961908,Posted: 14 September,all,autummie,"Though it had a shorter play time, it was an amazing game!"
,Recommended,623940,34961910,Posted: 14 September,all,theracody,"Alright, jeeze, been waiting on this a while. Technically got the game for free, but I gifted that copy and got the soundtrack edition because #bettervalue.Anyway, ok where to start? I'm not much of an adventure game kinda guy, so I don't know how this stacks up against the rest of the genre, but as a fan of Homestuck I'm glad to see some expansion on less clear aspects of that universe. There were a couple implications which I believe were new, but i never looked close enough at the source material to tell.The game itself is enjoyable. I found myself getting bored of clicking on literally everything, but I imagine that's just my impatience with the format.There were a few typos that seemed to have made it into the final dialogue, only one managed to confuse me a little bit because I guess an entire word got cut and it was kind of key in that context. Otherwise just a couple letters off, but I got the point.I only got stuck at one point, and that's probably just because I assumed a couple objects were connected but they had different dialogues associated with them. From my perspective, it was overall an enjoyable experience. It does look like this is going to be episodic, like a Telltale game. I finished Act 1 and I assume I have to wait for Act 2 to come out.Followed homestuck for its last few years, so that's nothing new.I can't say for sure how this would appeal to newcomers who never checked out any MSPA comics. Hard to know, but I think it would hold up for the uninitiated.So, yeah, Fun game so far. Pretty basic stuff, and a good preview for what's to come. Also showcases that classic Homestuck humor very well, with a few good references aside from the obvious."
76561198411483913,Recommended,623940,34961930,Posted: 14 September,all,cutepichucool,"This game is amazing and it's very cute in the style. It got tricky, but i figured it out with a breeze. I can't wait for an Act 2 to come out. :D"
76561198168566582,Recommended,623940,34961948,Posted: 14 September,all,sa0kat,Looks like my soul belongs to Hussie again
76561198190598517,Recommended,623940,34961935,Posted: 14 September,all,Tlins,At least there are no DAVE_EBUBBLES.
76561198118922578,Recommended,623940,34962031,Posted: 14 September,all,stylishCatlover,Praise lord Hussie.
,Recommended,623940,34961987,Posted: 14 September,all,Artist-Rose,"I've been hyped for this for months now, and I actually had money. I can gladly say I helped contribute to my fandom.I honestly love the animation so far and, even if you haven't read Homestuck, this is a great game. I know I haven't gotten much play time in (yet), but with as much care that got put into this, I'm sure the storyline will be great and getting to know more characters will be amazing~"
,Recommended,623940,34971945,Posted: 15 September,all,Nerdy Metalhead,A great Point'n'click game set in the Homestuck universe. combat was a bit confusing at first but the writing and humour is excellent. Worth a buy for the humour alone. Can't wait for Act 2
76561198066134339,Recommended,623940,34971947,Posted: 15 September,all,Miyuli,"A really charming game with great animation, art and music!The writing is fun, the characters are instantly likable. their dialogues are a pleasure to read.Prior Homestuck webcomic knowledge not necessarily required (I've been a big fan a while back, though)."
76561198312841752,Recommended,623940,34959854,Posted: 14 September,all,tpregent,"Really awesome, well worth the money! I had a bit of a problem finding the batteries, and there were a few graphical glitches, but otherwise it was really fun. I enjoyed clicking on and combining everything for the flavour text, and enjoyed the cutscenes, and I had fun with all the little references to various things! I'm just worried the next act will take forever to be finished, but I know making video games takes time, and I'm certain it will be well worth the wait!"
,Recommended,623940,34959866,Posted: 14 September,all,Nanamiii,"I beat the game in a little less than 3 hours and I loved it! I'm not a huge fan of the point and click genre, but I thoroughly enjoyed it as a Homestuck fan: I got to appreciate that good old Hussie sense of humor while learning a bit more of the Troll lore."
,Recommended,623940,34959924,Posted: 14 September,all,DaVaktor,"I've been a Homestuck fan ever since I was 10. I always thought it was the coolest and funniest thing ever, and it brought joy and smiles to me for all the time I read and watched the whole thing from page 1 to 10,000, and even though I was too young to make a pledge when this came up as a Kickstarter, I was hyped.Has the 7 years, the tension, the pain, all been worth it?...Heck yeah! Even though it was only the 1st part, I absolutely love this game to bits. Make me feel like the dumb geeky preteen I used to be when I first saw Homestuck.Hiveswap, in my opinion, isn't just a game for the big fan of the original webcomic: it feels like a great way to segway yourself into it, shows fans of things like Undertale their original roots and also have a great and fun story to play with all the charm of Toby Fox's music and character, or you can just play it as it is; a great adventure game that has style, some neat ways to solve puzzles, and a lot more, for a pretty low price too!"
,Recommended,623940,34958711,Posted: 14 September,all,Yvaril,"QUICK SPOILER FREE REVIEW:UPSIDES: It was a fun journey, and the world was alive. Every tiny thing was filled with details and Hussie's signature humor style. The music is fantastic and the characters are really well made. You can tell how they feel about things by their words and surrounding. The story has a lot of potential and I can't wait to see more. The puzzles are fun. And for 8$, it’s a fantastic game.DOWNSIDES: With a 4 hour game time if you just do the essentials, it may leave you unsatisfied. You really have to take your time and not rush the story. Enjoy the small things. If you breeze through, you’re not going to have a lot of fun.CONCLUSION: All and all, a great game, really delivered with the content it had, which wasn't much unfortunately. I'd recommend waiting until all the games are out, then buy and play through them all to get the most out of it. If you don’t want to wait, be sure to take your time and enjoy the world.Great job Hussie, can't wait for more!~Eric Witney"
,Recommended,623940,34958728,Posted: 14 September,all,Dick Flicker,bleh bleh fun point and click homeystucky game
,Recommended,623940,34958604,Posted: 14 September,all,Slashed Out,"do you like humorous adventure games??? do you like 90s??? do you like saying serpents too much and ending every sentence with 'over'??? then grab your money and buy this excellent game! the humor is amazing, the story is engaging, you've got a ton of secret achievements for secret stuff, just DO IT BUY THIS!"
76561198168078668,Recommended,623940,34959003,Posted: 14 September,all,SDFirion,"Years in the making and it's finally out.*sniff*It's beautiful.I love joey and xefros andafter the ending I totally ship Joey <3 XefrosI think joey and Jude's sibling dynamic is absolutely adorableI love the text and the interactions between so many things and items and actions and how it really builds character into the environment.The only issues I had were some graphical glitches as well as some trouble with trying to move the camera with Joey.Over all, a solid start to an interesting series of games."
76561198055199284,Recommended,623940,34958682,Posted: 14 September,all,bib goob,"The pigeon scene had me on the floor, can't wait for the next act."
76561198262585413,Recommended,623940,34959229,Posted: 14 September,all,tlo,"Hiveswap is excelently paced, intuitively progressed and clever in every sense of the word. Its witty quips and seemingly endless well of charming descriptions pair nicely with its refreshing animation style and the zany antics of its characters.Beyond pure gameplay, though, Hiveswap has much to offer in the form of visual art, sound design and music. Gorgeous paintings, piles of random objects and blue lamps modeled after scanitly-clad women added to a unique aesthetic that I haven't yet found the words to describe.There were a few bugs, as is to be expected from the first day of release, but far fewer than I expected.Over all, playing this game was a truly enjoyable experience."
76561198027030337,Recommended,623940,34959232,Posted: 14 September,all,Stark,"Ok, so even if you don't know what Homestuck is and you're just looking for a good adventure/puzzle game story, then you'll love this game. For the fellow homestucks, there are so many homestuck references, it's beautiful. It feels like a Homestuck story and it's amazing."
76561198126180859,Recommended,623940,34959079,Posted: 14 September,all,Matthew McCasserole,buy it
76561198144283365,Recommended,623940,34959258,Posted: 14 September,all,tradeMixologist,"This was a fun game, I beat it pretty quick but I can't wait for Act 2, and now I want to read homestuck again."
76561198151568763,Recommended,623940,34959264,Posted: 14 September,all,[DoN] CosmicGnome,"Best Game Ive Played In A While, So Frickin Pumped For Act 2. Coming 2025!"
,Recommended,623940,34959164,Posted: 14 September,all,princess fuck you,"Aw, man. That was an amazing game. I loved all the little interactivities and the blurbs, and some really awesome lore tidbits. I did have a bit of difficulty at some points getting items to interact with things, but I'll leave that for the discussion board.All in all, I think it was worth the money that I spent, and I definitely recommend people play it."
,Recommended,623940,34959165,Posted: 14 September,all,AesirHighblood,"Okay, I sat in front of my computer and refreshed the Steam page for at least an hour (oh, what happy memories). I got the game, downloaded it and played through it in about 3.6hrs. And I have to say... it was worth the wait.The Homestuck fandom has been waiting for this game for years now, and the people at What Pumpkin have delivered an amazing game riddled with references to Homestuck in practically every panel. Believe me, I looked!The art style is simple and very reminscent of the art styles depicted in Homestuck itself. The STRIFE sequences in particular reminded me of John's confrontation with his Dad in Act 1.And with more stunning music from Toby Fox, I had to get the Soundtrack Edition. Again, every little thing the people at What Pumpkin have poured into this game over the years really makes it feel like Homestuck."
,Recommended,623940,34959128,Posted: 14 September,all,Cool Hangouts™,"I've never actually played Homestuck so my exposure to this game is pretty much isolated from the larger franchise. Either way, this game is so dese and detailed so far. Seemingly every combination of technique/item/environment has it's own custom flavor text, which considering the density of environment details in some places is saying a LOT. Beautifully drawn scenery and writing that seems pretty good so far, if a little too ""witty"" for it's own good sometimes, is providing a lot of content to milk out of this 8 dollar game."
76561198040492584,Recommended,623940,34959142,Posted: 14 September,all,Flailmorpho,"this game is VERY SHORT but it is PRETTY DAMN GOOD, however there are some BUGS that i had encountered such as SCREEN JITTERING and THE SKY DISAPPEARING BRIEFLY when the animation LOOPED. i do not know if the HINTS system will be patched to WORK, but for now it is NONFUNCTIONAL and only gives WORDS OF ENCOURAGEMENT.it would have been nice to see TROLL DEER BOY for more than a glance in this ACT but maybe the next one will GIVE HIM MORE FOCUS"
,Recommended,623940,34959149,Posted: 14 September,all,rita.a.albuquerque,"The art is beautiful, the soundtrack is amazing, and it's a great game for homestuck fans or new fans, really. Fun for all, even though it's lacking a lot of swear words that hs fans are used to"
,Recommended,623940,34958307,Posted: 14 September,all,Eitrek,Great game. Amazing story. O r g a s m i c  music. Sexy art.11/10 - Game Bro magazine.
76561198214862568,Recommended,623940,34959115,Posted: 14 September,all,I_am_XNN,Sexcellent! Now to see how long it takes for the TvTropes page to get up to date.
76561198009388478,Recommended,623940,34960498,Posted: 14 September,all,AntlerWeasel,"ALRIGHT let's begin this review, it's a lovely JANUARY evening and I gotta say.I REALLY RECOMMEND THIS.. IF you are a fan of Homestuck, obviously. While I do think it's a great point and click game, you won't get much out of it right now unless you're already a fan of homestuck, WELL... If you like Point and Clicks then youll like this. Sorta.Pros:Good art. [2D was way better for this, thank god it wasnt 3D art].Good backgrounds, every single screen has a LOT on it. It really feels full of stuff to look at.Good PuzzlesHumor was really fun, I enjoyed the witty banter between characters.Soundtrack... just buy the soundtrack edition like seriously do it.Cons:Cutscenes are frame by frame, which while isn't BAD.. can be a bit weird. Since the opening and closing cutscenes are actually fully animated.Two puzzles are just snake, which was weird.SHORT. I didn't get all the achievements, but to finish it I hit about 1.8 hours.Ends right when things are interesting. I know thats a cliffhanger but stop hanging me off cliffs yo.Bubsy shows up. Only for a second but... Bubsy let me escape you.A QUICK WARNING: When I first started the resolution was broken. If this happens.. just close it and reopen it. That worked for me.Thats how you get rid of the annoying black bars.I recommend it, I know I'm going to  be waiting every day for the next part.If you HATE Homestuck, go buy another point and click. This won't convince you.If you're lukewarm on Homestuck, but love point and click, grab this. 8$ isnt too bad for a short part. If you wanna wait for more parts, I don't blame you.If you LOVE homestuck... You already beat it."
,Recommended,623940,34960516,Posted: 14 September,all,Trailing Vagabond,"Having finished Act 1, I think this game is worthy of your attention, even if you are not a Homestuck fan. The writing is fantastic (when there aren't any typos) and the puzzles were never too frustrating as to make me exit the game and never pick it up again. Overall, this act is well worth the asking price of 8 Earth dollars. The only flaws that could be considered immersion shattering is the aformentioned typos. (Hussie. Get on that s***.)"
,Recommended,623940,34960519,Posted: 14 September,all,MadmanMorton(SP),"While there were a few graphical bugs, Hiveswap is an amazing game with a bright future and I can't wait to play Act 2 in seventeen years from now ;)"
,Recommended,623940,34960294,Posted: 14 September,all,Forevermuffins,"It's a good intro to an adventure game though I am very very sure I missed Homestuck references, didnt miss the 90s references though, lots of those!"
,Recommended,623940,34960382,Posted: 14 September,all,:3,"I truly love this and the work that has gone into it, and I stayed up to finish it all. It's funny and heartrending, makes you really care about its characters even in a short time, and is very polished without losing that unquantifiable homestuck-ness. I think people who haven't read homestuck might not get quite as much out of it, but that's not to say it doesn't stand alone, and it explains unfamiliar concepts very well. I really look forward to seeing where the story goes from here!"
,Recommended,623940,34958922,Posted: 14 September,all,Bluefire,It's pretty good. Great art and music.
,Recommended,623940,34958939,Posted: 14 September,all,Alterspook,"Eh. Its ok. Cutscenes are kinda messed up, they stop playing a few seconds after they start. the gameplay's cool though."
76561198262591219,Recommended,623940,34959656,Posted: 14 September,all,pokemongal9,So when is Act 2?
,Recommended,623940,34959676,Posted: 14 September,all,Batzoro,Act 1 is a great way to introduce to Hiveswap and I can say it has great humour! It has the Homestuck vibe going on and the game is actually quite challenging if you don't have any guides (which I'm sure a lot of you guys do ofc).
76561198170641198,Recommended,623940,34959095,Posted: 14 September,all,Xeranah,"Alright, I just have finished Act 1 and now....let me tell you about Hiveswap. ;)It doesn't really matter if you have read Homestuck or not..or you just never finished it.Everything gets explained!In this game, or more in this part of the game you'll find wonderful art and animations, awesome music, good humor and of course a lot of Homestuck references.ZOOSMELL POOPLORD!But there are plenty other references as well. Just look at the beautiful drawn backgrounds where you can spot many stuff from your own childhood.It kinda made me feel old but also nostalgic.The puzzles aren't very hard but enjoyable.The story is dragging you in and you just have to love the characters.Okay, maybe not Dammek. He seems to be a d*uche. XDSince it's Whatpumpkins first game, there are some small bugs and errors in the game.I saw some grammar mistakes and in the epilouge some of the text wasn't in the picture.Also it's really short if you don't go and look for every detail in the game.BUTIt's totally worth it's price.Heck, we Homestucks even have paid a much higher price; Time!Lot's of it. Waiting.And I may just speak for myself, but the wait was worth it. I never expected it to be 'perfect'. It's the first part of their first game after all!Even with a lot of trouble, Hussie managed to create a wonderful game with fans, for fans and for not-yet-fans.Can't wait for Act 2!"
,Recommended,623940,34959502,Posted: 14 September,all,skittlebuggy,It brought the Homestuck hype to TumblrAlso the characters are very endearing and funny
76561198151504685,Recommended,623940,34959512,Posted: 14 September,all,Kentastic,It's a very good game based on homestuck.
76561198352158753,Recommended,623940,34959516,Posted: 14 September,all,Stormaggeden,"I just beat the game, and while yes.. a little shoter than I would have hoped. Its only the first Act out of 4 and a really damn good game.I really love the characters, the art style, and everything about the game. Its so cute and I cant wait to play more.I defiently recommend this game to Homestuck fans and non fans alike. Hiveswap manages to tell a full story feeling like Homestuck without ever relying on characters we already know or really anything about the universe yet.Im sure there are some things that will confuse newcommers like Troll Blood Higharchy and the Troll Romance Quadrants. But the game is going to explain that as the story progresses.Anyways, I love it 10/10"
,Recommended,623940,34959302,Posted: 14 September,all,Fourslash,It was nice. Time to wait another 3 years for ACT 2 I guess
76561198231448364,Recommended,623940,34958782,Posted: 14 September,all,bryndisinga,It's really cute and I CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S ACTUALLY HERE FJAJFKAJKFBKAJBVJADK
,Recommended,623940,34959483,Posted: 14 September,all,Goksette,Loved it
,Recommended,623940,34959536,Posted: 14 September,all,Cajer1618,"Having a lot of fun so far (haven't finished yet). A very good game very excited to finally be playing it after all these years!It's a little rough around the edges, but that's to be expected, this is a brand new game dev company with a much smaller budget than planned.I'd say have a go at it!"
76561197970476762,Recommended,623940,34959546,Posted: 14 September,all,Dracology,"I enjoyed myself in this game and it took about 2 hours to complete...which is kind of the worrisome issue for me. I recommend the game to anyone who likes point and click adventures and even more to Homestuck fans but we are talking about a game that's been in development for almost 5 years and was supposed to come out several years prior.. A game that we were told would release in January but took till September to release the first Act of.. which only consists of a couple hours of gameplay.With 3 more acts to go and another GAME to go after that, I'm really afraid this will end up like Broken Age where there is a strong first showing and then the rest takes forever and gets kinda phoned in.For the price you can't go terribly wrong, but just be aware this might end up being another SiN episodes thing."
,Recommended,623940,34960557,Posted: 14 September,all,ostrichlittledungeon,"Hiveswap Act 1 is definitely worth a play if you're a fan of Homestuck. The art and soundtrack are fantastic, and I found the scattered bits of lore interesting and worthwhile. The writing and dialogue were inoffensive and generally pleasant. There were, however, several issues I took with the game and think are important for the potential consumer to be aware of:1) Volume inconsistency—the second track on the soundtrack is nearly twice as loud as the first, and this isn't an isolated example. Some sound effects were terribly quiet, while others made me temporarily mute my computer volume.2) Length—the game is wayyyyy too short; while I understand that this is only the first episode, it felt more like a demo than an actual game. It took me about as much time to play through as it took me to play the Undertale demo when it came out, and here I was trying nearly every combination of items and interactables I thought to try.3) Combat—the strife system was poorly paced and made no sense. I found myself really struggling to understand what I was supposed to do half the time. I think the game would have been better had the strife not been included at all.4) Puzzles—The puzzles had quite a bit of handholding, and the next objective was often spelled out very explicitly. Where this wasn't the case, there wasn't any satisfaction in figuring out what to do next because the solution was a little bit contrived, and not in a clever way. If you're looking for good puzzles, maybe give this title a pass."
,Recommended,623940,34960570,Posted: 14 September,all,Kygdom,"This game has been years in the making and has gone though a whole load of bullcrap, but damn the result is wonderful"
,Recommended,623940,34960572,Posted: 14 September,all,ToriFloop,"I've been waiting for this game for a long time and while I know its not what Hussie originally wanted it to be, I'd say they did a damn good job so far.Sure its a little buggy and the resoultion isnt great but its Homestuck! Anyone who's playing this pretty much know what Homestuck is and loves it.Can't wait for the rest."
,Recommended,623940,34960585,Posted: 14 September,all,DandyVee,"Just when I thought the grey body paint was put away for good....I'm pleased so far, though I did have issues with the first strife and getting stuck on a white screen after STRIFE flashed. I closed and restarted twice to no avail, but playing in a windowed setting worked just fine. I'd just suggest remembering to save."
,Recommended,623940,34960596,Posted: 14 September,all,mechanicalSavior,"I loved it! I mean, disappointing its short yeah, but now I need to wait for the next part: Hauntswitch. I'm guessing it's gonna be from Tamrarch's view"
76561198068581759,Recommended,623940,34960598,Posted: 14 September,all,Overlord Kangin,"A bit on the short side, but I'd say the quality overall is really nice.The music was okay and maybe it's because I took so long to do puzzles cause I was dumb, but it felt a little short (it looped quite a bit).But still The few hours I played were enjoyable! Can't wait for the next Act."
,Recommended,623940,34960413,Posted: 14 September,all,☆Salt Queen☆,"My wife and I sobbed over an in-game bird. And then again after we played for almost 3 hours straight.Homestuck has ruined me. This is my life now.15/10, can't wait to dive deeper into the garbage can. Will play again and again until Act 2."
,Recommended,623940,34960427,Posted: 14 September,all,Typhoonblast,I can't believe its already Janurary!
,Recommended,623940,34960242,Posted: 14 September,all,Archeleos,"The game is amazing!The snippets for Homestuck readers are crazy, and the art, music and gameplay are so cool. It's an awesome nod to older Indie games and an excellent story with the trademark witty humour style narration and writing of Andrew Hussie and his team. I can't wait for the next three installments!"
76561198193027003,Recommended,623940,34960186,Posted: 14 September,all,Spilled Beans,"A short, but fun tribute to classic point-and-click games. A bit glitchy, but not game-breakingly so, and should be fixed in the next few weeks. Absolutely hilarious at points (RIP Pigeon 1), and the fact that there are so many different combinations of items adds to the replay value, if only slightly. The promise of 3 more acts, as well as a sidequel, means most likely there will eventually be over 24 hours of content, which for a point-and-click is massive. Overall, a good game for a newcomer, and an amazing nostalgia-filled experience for a Homestuck fan, at a surprisingly fair price.8/10, 9/10 if you're a fan of Homestuck.PSIf you haven't already, try to put the pigeon in the alien microwave. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,623940,34960259,Posted: 14 September,all,professionalDork,aaaaaAAAAAAAA I loved it. Can hardly wait for Act 2. :>
76561198079422711,Recommended,623940,34960379,Posted: 14 September,all,Crow,"Wait, Hiveswap is real?I thought Hussie was just playing some sick joke on us for the past 5 years"
76561198097554910,Recommended,623940,34959872,Posted: 14 September,all,Pixeas,This game is really funny and cute! :) Cant wait for the next Act!!
76561198158328769,Recommended,623940,34959879,Posted: 14 September,all,J0OSH,Holy crap that was good....................I WANT MORE
,Recommended,623940,34959886,Posted: 14 September,all,reillybites,"im crying this game is amazing and i didnt have many problems with it besides the window being formatted oddly, but that fixed itseld when i switched to ""windowed"" mode and back again. oh also there was a glitch toward the end that didn't let me click on an Important Box outside xefros's hive but that fixed itself when i went back into the hive and back out again. this game is great and im probably going to replay it so i can combine more objects and get the acheivements that i missed. so worth the wait and i cant wait for Act 2"
,Recommended,623940,34959951,Posted: 14 September,all,CyanideCapsule,"Well... I definitley have been anxiously waiting for this. It was... SO good. I mean I am a Homestuck, as I expect many of the people who are looking at this are. And the references. God. It's like, everything just, slamming back into the void that once cointained my soul. It's beautiful, although sometimes frustrating. But that just adds to the experience man. Now I'm going to have to re-read the comic. Oh well. Who needs a life when you can live someone else's. Now We just have to wait another five years or so for the curtains on ACT 2 to rise."
,Recommended,623940,34979101,Posted: 15 September,all,windsroad,This was sooo gorgeous and absolutely adorable! Wish I'd spent more time just trying to combine random objects. 10/10 will play again (as well as the next acts).
76561198122427420,Recommended,623940,34979117,Posted: 15 September,all,Monarch,"First off, the pros: the art and music are fantastic, the puzzles are fun and challenging, and the Homestuck references are many and delightful ^_^And now, the con: unfortunately, I couldn't view any of the cutscenes, since my computer just skipped over them for some reason :( I don't know if it's because I have an older computer or not, but it met all the requirements to run the game, so I have no idea why said skipping happened.If you have an older computer, keep the above in mind, but since ""Hiveswap: Act 1"" is on the cheap side (well, for me, anyway, and I don't play computer games very often), I think it's worth taking the chance."
,Recommended,623940,34978041,Posted: 15 September,all,The Highblood,Will the fandom now erupt like a super volcano?
76561198154370768,Recommended,623940,34978057,Posted: 15 September,all,mercygrim96,"If you're looking for a beautiful point and click story with witty commentary, loveable characters, and that homestuck vibe that we all know and love; then good news, you have come to the right place. This game is not lacking in anything when it comes to that, and even if you aren't a homestuck, and just happen to stumble upon this game then come and join in! Honestly the only con to this game is the fact that I wish it was a bit longer."
76561198123434348,Recommended,623940,34979000,Posted: 15 September,all,apatheticConsultant,There is so much detail.
,Recommended,623940,34976068,Posted: 15 September,all,NieR-Sighted Guy,Better than The King's Quest game that stole all the Hiveswap Kickstarter money
76561198269217166,Recommended,623940,34976083,Posted: 15 September,all,KillingHarmony,"You will feel nothing but nostalgia when playing this game, but will also be discovering a new story as well. The characters are super quirky and unique in their own ways so much so that I instantly fell in love with them. Much different from the web comic with not much blocky text and a lot more interaction with your environment. I believe that this is just a taste of what has yet yo come with Hive Swap and I am overly excited to see what the rest of the series has to offer."
,Recommended,623940,34957419,Posted: 14 September,all,nothappy,"Holy ♥♥♥♥, looks like it's time to reignite that old Homestuck fireHonestly, I've never been too into point-and-click games but this one is done REALLY well, even looking over the nostalgia goggles biasing my opinion. The puzzles actually make ♥♥♥♥in sense and the characters, as always when it comes to Hussie, are enjoyably goofy so it makes reading their conversations entertainingThanks for ruining my life again, HussieEDIT: Having now completed Act 1, I can now give this a SUPER recommendation. There's some bugs and it's short, but it's amazing and I enjoyed it so much. Nice to get to become invested in entirely new characters."
,Recommended,623940,34974027,Posted: 15 September,all,Safety First™,"Waited 5 years for this game and it did not disappoint!! Accidentally beat it in like, 2 hours instead of pacing myself but this game is so good."
,Recommended,623940,34974043,Posted: 15 September,all,GreatGetter-∀,"Really funny and charming point-and-click that doesn't require any knowledge about Homestuck to enjoy, though plenty of references for those that do. It is a tad short though."
76561198271667760,Recommended,623940,34971994,Posted: 15 September,all,Bleepy,This is StupidThats why I love it
,Recommended,623940,34973452,Posted: 15 September,all,NoBrainer,"Although the game is EXTREMELY SHORT, it's an ok game for the price point of $8. Just hope the devs dont take another 5 for Act 2."
76561198010310066,Recommended,623940,35007509,Posted: 16 September,all,Wezh,A great point-and-click adventure even for non-Homestuck fans!
,Recommended,623940,35008161,Posted: 16 September,all,SpikeSketches,lol nice
76561198350861843,Recommended,623940,35007763,Posted: 16 September,all,JumalaPumpkin,"This game is AMAZING ! i need more of it im not  satisfied with just ACT 1 . Dont get me wrong act one was AWESOME! But i really need to see more of this. i pray theres updates in the future , and i really want to how Dammek acts."
76561198379968630,Recommended,623940,35008698,Posted: 16 September,all,fake.acount.geronimo,"The backround can be a little buggy but for 8 dollars you get great game, hilarious jokes, and amazing story.8/8 ::::)"
76561198004038859,Recommended,623940,35009651,Posted: 16 September,all,FightThePowah!!!,"So, here's a review from someone who technically skimmed through most giant texts in homestuck and enjoyed the first Act better than the others starting with when we started following the trolls, noticed i say I like it better, dosen't mean I dislike it, very different things, anyways, starting with the quick version :+ Pretty good visual, music, despite me reading that some peeps had problem runnin' it, i haven't had any issue at all.+ Quirkly well written, ignore the confusing names, they're just a joke most of the times.+ Not old king's quest level of ''ey kiddo, forgot something back there? start again you dumb f###''+- For me it isn't that big of a deal, but it's rather short, a lot of quality, but i clocked 3 hours, prolly 4 after the achievement hunting, which are fun in this, unlike in some games where it is ''finish the game on extra hard where if you step on the floor too hard you blow up in pieces I'M LOOKING AT YOU EVIL WITHIN YOU MOTHERFU---''- Pigeon Betrayal and Violence.- Not enough of the Heiress, but enough to base fanart on, i like fish ladies, any problem with it? hu? you talkin' to me sod?- For reals tho', there's way less things to examine than expected, for the amount of clutter, also, maybe a Encyclopedia function? where you can read what every new world or item you find is? i mean, yeah most people won't read it, but yo Hussie if you think your fans ain't gonna spend 10 hours reading everything about whatever weird troll things they find, well, you really don't know them.- Gotta wait for the next Act, feels...familiar, the feeling of emptyness and wanting more, nostalgic even, in a bad way.This is very much a story in the same world, yes, and, for most of the part, it's quite stand alone, there's many nods, and many things aren't explained but the core is just new kids and new trolls, so it's...easier-ish for someone who never touched that crazy comic to just play it.That said, there is so many things unexplained but i guess, and i guess if you read the comic you'd be like ''oh yeah, SCUMARCHFLOOPYWWEIRDWORLD totally know that'' , tho' most of those are just quirky silly names, but yeah, we're again in control of kids that serve as our views, and most of the nescessary things are explained well enough and fast enough to not annoy old fans, or alienate newer ones.The art is amazing, visually and musically it's outstanding and hey, it's made on Unity, which despite it's bad press due to its moronic ''Free stuff you gotta have our logo, and that logo goes on ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games cause of course clueless dummies won't buy it, so basically in good games that uses your engine, no one would find that they are using said engine cause they bought it, should be the opposite, do you get what i'm saying? why you reading this? go play the game DA''.Lenghtwise i've clocked about 3 hours shoving everything into everything cause thats what you do in point n' click games, it's short yeah, but hey, it's one Act, maybe this will have 10 Acts, who knows, even so, it dosen't overstay it's welcome but i see why the riders of the hype would be disapointed, it does leave you wanting more however.This is kinda of a more focused Homestuck, the texts are more to the point, i mean, Homestuck got carried away so much that i'd just be tired afterwards, and the art style seems to be the perfect evolution of the original comic.Back to Homestuck Act 1, this reminds me a lot of it, and i enjoyed it, the feeling of discovery and silly puzzles and shenanigans, it's something it was lost after a while, and it's here again, obviously since this is LITERALLY a point n' click game, an obvious one yeah but i have enough nightmares of the old king's quest games, so thanks for not following that hell.I really look foward to Act 1, and, should you play it? Hrm, maybe? I mean, if you never read the comic you'll be a bit alienated, but not as much as you expect, there's enough explanation to get you to speed, on things that matters that is, so yeah, can't say, it's on you, do what your heart tells you kiddo, my best of luck to ya!"
76561198328594847,Recommended,623940,35009629,Posted: 16 September,all,infiniteAbysmal413,"Great game. Waiting for act 2... am huge fan of Homestuck, and can say it lived up to expectations without sucking... 5 out of 5 hats."
76561198160245710,Recommended,623940,35009455,Posted: 16 September,all,Tubby Butter Seal,a game where the puns are unbearable yet hugely entetaining. where combining items always has a witty sentance or 2 to accompany the failure of pigeon pogs. amazing soundtrack. awesome art and homestuck related. whats not to love about this point and click adventure. ide say this was worth the wait. the monsters don't like pog.
,Recommended,623940,35009507,Posted: 16 September,all,Aeon,I literally dont know Andrew's diologue and Toby's music together could possibly be a bad thing...
,Recommended,623940,35028725,Posted: 17 September,all,FlamingDiskord,"A wonderful beginning to an adventure that will surely bring a lot of joy to Homestuck lovers old and new. The game is funny, well written and an interesting addition to HS's lore. However, I suspect it could be alienating (pun intended) to those not familiar with the source material. Without the coat of paint the knowledge of Homestuck provides, I would imagine it would be pretty easy to write this off as a whimsical point and click. I would suggest reading Homestuck first, or at least familiarising yourself with the families, trolls and cherubs and homestucks brand of humor; which if you liked Undertale I'm sure you'll enjoy. The first Act was short but established a lot, and had the storytelling I was expecting from Hussie. If you like Homestuck or MSPA I suspect you'll enjoy this too."
76561198421953153,Recommended,623940,35031631,Posted: 17 September,all,Capt. Dingle,"The game was very interesting, I had a lot of fun with it. I'm not good at all at puzzle games, but nothing was frustrating to the point where I quit out of anger. I loved the fact that I could take in everything at a time instead of a large, confusing amount of information was thrust upon me, or little to no information was revealed, bit by bit, like in Homestuck. My only complaint with it is that Hiveswap is only 2-3 hours long. Though, I guess with those legal problems What Pumpkin had, it can be expected. I would recommend it to others who enjoy silly games, puzzle games, or Homestuck, Hiveswap's predecessor. Well, I guess in terms of when the two stories would take place, Hiveswap is Homestuck's predescessor? That was a very unfunny joke. I'll stop here."
,Recommended,623940,35031189,Posted: 17 September,all,doughnah girl,"waited so long for this game that i forgot about it, whoops. now it is here and 2012 me is LIVING. great game, the developers did a wonderful job. music is great, art is great, everything is great. bring on act 2!"
76561198320207381,Recommended,623940,35031704,Posted: 17 September,all,phyllisrowe,"This game is glorious! Honestly i was so exited for this! having read homestuck, when i saw that the comic somewhat ties into this I felt like a genius for having noticed the reference immediatly.also i had NO idea roxy out of all people would be a babysitter! Also i see jakes obsession with blue ladies hasent been cured XXDcant wait for act two!"
76561198066007424,Recommended,623940,35031614,Posted: 17 September,all,Siarshai,"That's not really a game not even an old-school point'n'click quest but rather an interactive comic. You just combine objects until story continues while reading smart remarks. I'm not really surprised (I've read Homestuck, which really likes to pretend you have agence in story) or dissapointed: graphic is vibrant, story and characters seem to be interesting and lots of jokes are genuinly funnly but I've expected more. I'm really looking for more plot twists and smart usage of game medium in later chapters.PRO:Graphic. Every background is a work of art.Humor. Some remarks about objects is a work of art too =)Characters. I really like how they are introduced in a short amount of time.Price. For a small amount of money you buy a small bite of Hiveswap and can decide if you like it or not.Lots of references for Homestuck fans. But if you didn't read it you're fine: they are not necessary for the story.CON:Bugs and somewhat inconvinient interfaceLenght. Even with all art appretiation and item combining that's about 4-6 hours. You gotta be kidding me, I want moar.No real interaction (yet? Come on, I want at least some!)NEITHER:Music. It's good but I can't say it worth buying. Undertale did it better =)Good atmosphere but I can't say that's really Homestuck atmosphere (yet?). No time-travelling (okay, ONE) or meta mind explosions. Hussie didn't want to scare newcomers?)RESOLUTION:If you didn't ready Homestuck but you are into comic/books about space-time travelling give it a try. If you are already Homestuck fan buy it but don't let hype destroy game for you - most likely that's not really what you expect."
76561198377774989,Recommended,623940,35028990,Posted: 17 September,all,Tenkunexus,I can hardly wait for act 2. I will be excitedly Waiting for it and hoping to get to see it soon.Thank you for a Fantastic game!
76561198421417324,Recommended,623940,35034411,Posted: 17 September,all,lauradyer,"Welp, back into this trash can I go! Aww who am I kidding I love it here."
,Recommended,623940,35036577,Posted: 17 September,all,SaberCipher,Just finished it and cannot wait for the next part. Wow.
,Recommended,623940,35036004,Posted: 17 September,all,Jetiz,Can't wait for act 2 for when we get an essay on troll quadrants.
,Recommended,623940,35047152,Posted: 18 September,all,Yabasdood,bibel boi bow bam boom
,Recommended,623940,34957885,Posted: 14 September,all,Rukrio,"it mentions POGs. POGs were a part of my childhood and it's an instant 10/10 for reminding me of thier existence.there's also jabs at Bubsy.yes the review is intentionally vague. it does offer a nice jumping point into the homestuck universe and literally assumes you know nothing about it and lets you learn how it works from fresh perspectives. it's also a good point and click despite being short and boy howdy if you like replaying to find missed secrets, you will not be dissapointed or uncompensated. hell, some of the achievements are for trying literally everything in true homestuck fashion."
76561198152378206,Recommended,623940,35054868,Posted: 18 September,all,Burnt_Salt,"Personally, I enjoyed this game. It has a nice art style, good music, and an interesting plot. A bit short, but it is only act 1. Especially good if your a Homestuck."
76561198254667207,Recommended,623940,35095840,Posted: 20 September,all,doctoraizay,"I am trash for Homestuck, so this was great for me. Glad I could digest some more content. Not enough though. Acts 2-4 when? :)"
,Recommended,623940,35095917,Posted: 20 September,all,Awez,"Short, but great! Cannot wait for Act 2..."
,Recommended,623940,35095414,Posted: 20 September,all,Latté,Recommended even if you've never read Homestuck. It's a charming point + click with less hostile tone and wordiness than the comic.
76561198157628123,Recommended,623940,35099006,Posted: 20 September,all,alex,"The game was amazing, short and sweet, music realy brings you into the game, would recomend."
,Recommended,623940,34964665,Posted: 14 September,all,Kyle🌌,"*Edit*After a recent patch many of the issues I've had have been fixed, and now I can safely say that this is a good game that I can recommend for everyone, even people not used to point and click adventure games.Excellent story, clever writing, good characters, gay♥♥♥♥♥♥(this is homestuck after all), and an amazing soundtrack.Buy this. If you want more by the end, go read read homestuck.www.mspaintadventures.com"
76561198025059780,Recommended,623940,35075139,Posted: 19 September,all,UltraTitanWyck,"Oh, man. Hiveswap. The game long awaited by the Homestuck fandom. Long awaited by me. I was really excited to play it, but once I opened it up many of my worst fears came true and most of my hopes were crushed. I like the plot and the storyline and all that jazz, I'll give you that, but the gameplay. The gameplay is sort of decent at best. Now, I'm not sure if this is because my computer is just a tad bit out of date, but a lot of the cutscenes are very laggy and some of the frames blur together into a glitchy amalgamation. Half of the time when I'm in a battle, attempting to do something will make the game freeze, and the only way to keep playing is to force quit it and load it up again. About 20 minutes of my gameplay is me crashing it by making a wrong choice in battle, and going back to try and correct my mistakes. It's the game we've all been waiting for, but in my opinion, there are too many bugs and glitches for the game to be ready for the market. What Pumpkin Games just HAD to put out a release date when the game was in this stage. I am a Homestuck fanatic, but I gotta admit, the game needs a LOT of bug fixes. Although it may have its major downsides, I still reccomend the game.TL;DR:It's a decent (at the least) game if you are a hardcore Homestuck fan like me and have been awaiting it's release for a VERY long time. 3.8/5 stars.It's a very bad, extremely buggy (at the least) game if you have never heard of Hoemstuck and want to get into it by playing this. 2.5/5 stars.EDIT: 9/20/17Oh my god. The new update is perfect. It fixed EVERYTHING I just listed up there that made the game horrible. Once again, this fandom and series has managed to capture me with it's perfect imperfection. 5/5 stars!"
,Recommended,623940,35092590,Posted: 20 September,all,Crazierinzane,Way too short but its existence alone merits a recommendation.
76561198101887882,Recommended,623940,35092312,Posted: 20 September,all,Screwy Arrow (G.E.W.P.),"Really neat game :) Fun to play and made me wanna go see homestuck again XDtoo bad what happened because of ""The Odd Gentleman"" delaying the game and stealing moneys >:(Great job making this game great despite the troubles :D"
,Recommended,623940,35023214,Posted: 17 September,all,Nozpot,this game is one huge high quality ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198048598169,Recommended,623940,35089421,Posted: 20 September,all,Kottdjur,That's the most beautiful 3D biscuit I've ever seen
76561198116694730,Recommended,623940,34958570,Posted: 14 September,all,Jade Hardly,whats better than the game is if you look down the positive review column you'll find review after review whose poster has only posted one review (this one) and whose profile pictures are homestuck related.
76561198119030177,Recommended,623940,35093560,Posted: 20 September,all,JohnNeko,"The game was highly enjoyable, and made me smile like nothing has in quite a while.It was very nostalgic to me, as someone who used to read homestuck and cosplay from the series. Between the music,  interactions, and zaney writing you can really tell it's ""What Pumpkin?"".The art style is very similar in terms of character and monster sprites, but the backgrounds feel a bit more amped up, and easier to navigate as a point and click adventure game.Here's to hoping those who've bought the first chapter will be able to buy the other acts at a low or discounted price though. That's always a worry when buying games with chapters. But I do feel like the experience and whimsy is more than worth it, at least thusfar~!"
76561198302708455,Recommended,623940,35093645,Posted: 20 September,all,pyrodawndragon,"A beautifully animated follow up to Homestuck, which fills in some gaps in the timelines for the former fans. But it alwao incorporates new characters that will create a new fanbase for Hiveswap itself. A very intuitive point and click game, with simple combat minigames and witty commentary by the characters."
,Recommended,623940,35093801,Posted: 20 September,all,Grencham,"I reccomend this unless you have not read Homestuck, while it is possible to enjoy the game without reading Homestuck I feel that the experience would be lacking without prior knowledge of Homestuck and it's universe. But that's just a theory, a game theory"
,Recommended,623940,35090070,Posted: 20 September,all,Pancake,"amazing game (a bit on the short side tho, but i cant complain because it took so long to come out and i wouldn't be typing this if it where a longer game) reminds me of monkey island exept in this game i actually 100% completed the game minus the boros achivement.all in all ♥♥♥♥ing good♥♥♥♥♥game 5 years in development, definatly worth the waitand now we wait for act 2"
76561198403437303,Recommended,623940,35090166,Posted: 20 September,all,rukiplays13,ok now give me act 2 nao plz!
76561198256547859,Recommended,623940,35137812,Posted: 22 September,all,High Quality Tentacle Pr0n,Time to wait 3 years for Act 2.Guess I'll re-read Homestuck.
76561198386335482,Recommended,623940,35136527,Posted: 22 September,all,Jude Harley,Probably the best thing I've ever gotten in my life. It's perfect for a homestuck fan with very few problems. Of course I say that knowing they have already been fixed so it's a great game!
,Recommended,623940,35140946,Posted: 22 September,all,MissSoulfulPoetKat,"I have been waiting for this game for a long time, just like anyone else. It wasn't completely what I expected, but I have to say I absolutely love it. The music is great, the graphics are really great and the sorta puzzles are pretty fun. Only thing I really hated is kind of a spoiler, so I'll just leave it out. Overall, it was a really great game, but it just felt kind of short. I'd still recommend it to other people though."
76561198157981309,Recommended,623940,35141824,Posted: 22 September,all,LoyalForces,"Truly, it's amazing. The graphics are astounding and fit perfectly with what i view to be Andrew Hussie's world. There's so many simple little easter eggs hidden inside the game for long-time fans of the web-series. Damn man, a good game indeed; great and hilarious story so far so please keep the games coming What Pumpkin!"
76561198095593924,Recommended,623940,34958835,Posted: 14 September,all,Ripha,"Hello homestuckers and non-homestuckers!I must really say that act 1 really is a great game, and you have to get it![CONS]Since it comes out in acts and this is only act 1 you can't get much playtime out of it, which is the only sad thing about it. This will however be fixed when the other acts come out.The other thing I have to mention is minor bugs and glitches, these will of course soon be fixed and didn't affect my gameplay. As long as you change to the right resolution for your screen you should be fine[PROS]I think you should buy this game, as a homestucker the game is LOADED with homestuck references, everything from a Signless plushie to ""PLAY HAUNTING MELODY"" two character from homestuck actually (somewhat) being in the game. You can easily miss or not understand the references but they had me smiling throught the entire game (now my cheeks are tired Dx)As a non-homestucker this game is a beautiful cartoony puzzle-game with unique characters, abilities, quirks and beautiful cut-scenes. The game is a prefect game for someone who wants to get motivated to start getting into the homestuck fandom, but also for the indie/puzzle/casual gamer, as the game is set BEFORE (most) of Homestuck. The game has nostalgia for the 90-s kids with old-school games and whims that makes your nostalgia-senses tingle.Hiveswap can be played in 2 different ways, the fast way, you don't click or look at most of the things currently in the game OR you can spend up to 4 hours clicking and interacting wth every single item you can find. When I get more time I WILL for sure go back and make sure I have looked at everything (even though I think I almost got it all)The game is beautiful and really cool especially since it was made by only a few developers, writers and artists! I will for sure keep my eyes glued to when the next act comes out, and I hope you do too.The game has weird and hidden achievements, lots of humor and hidden interactions that you can play around with.As I said before the game is not very long and is kind of cheap, so I you want to search through a gold-mine of fun for a few hours and play around with it I certainly won't stop you. As for the later acts you will probably have to wait for a while to get the chance to play them, but as far as I know Hussie will probably have something up his sleeve to keep us entertained in the meanwhile!If you have 2-3 hours and a little money in your steam wallet I think this game is a must have.*finger-guns' away into the abyss but trips over a log and get's run over by a steamroller*"
,Recommended,623940,34958969,Posted: 14 September,all,nobot,"I like the game. The artwork is very impressive and the story and gamplay was very fun. I cant wait for the next act.I cant help but feel that people will start to rate the game negativly though. It took me about 2 hours to finish the story, and the game was a bit buggy. A little disapointing, however gotta keep in mind that this is only act 1, plus the game had quite small team behind it.Too properly enjoy the game, it is nessesary to ignore all the hype built up behind it. I would compair it to Armikrog, a point and click game also released after quite a long time after bieng kickstarted. Since it took so long the hype and expectation was quite big. But too me, a fan of the original ""The Neverhood"" a point and click game from the 90's, I loved the game and how it inspired to be as the original, dispite bieng buggy on launch and quite short.I think point and click games are great, and I love homestuck. And I recomend this game."
,Recommended,623940,34958789,Posted: 14 September,all,D25: Thief,"Just finished my first run of this chapter. It wasn't quite as long as I would have hoped, but that's somewhat to be expected for a mult-act sorta thing. It was a lot of fun. Definatly something I feel fans of the webcomic will get a kick out of, but also something newbies could play pretty well without getting too lost as well.As for difficulty, none of the puzzles of challanges really took me that long to work out. At no point did I ever feel super frustrated, which made exploring a bit easier. However I never felt super challanged either. Not a super important thing for me personally....but I can see that being a downside for others.I wouldn't say go into it expecting a tough puzzle game, but the exploration, characters, and writting were all really neat. If your a fan of the webcomic, or at least curious about it, you'll likely enjoy this."
,Recommended,623940,34958800,Posted: 14 September,all,o-ooh~!! lick my feet daddy~!,((you cant fight the homestuck playing in the distance))
76561198262069112,Recommended,623940,34958896,Posted: 14 September,all,Evan48,"Amazing graphics, funny and fun to play 10/10"
,Recommended,623940,34958912,Posted: 14 September,all,Jake English,"As a huge homestuck fan i was so excited for this game, and while playing it, i was not let down! the only downside is my adventure ended too soon :( i do hope act 2 isnt too far off!"
,Recommended,623940,34958914,Posted: 14 September,all,TigerPhantom,"Was really hyped for this game to come out, and it was just as enjoyable as I'd hoped! Really beautiful visuals and amazing tracks with great dialogue and humour! Had so much fun and I really hope there'll be an Act 2!"
76561198027437906,Recommended,623940,34959046,Posted: 14 September,all,Tyranniclark,"Five long years and it's finally here, despite every setback! The time and effort that went into making this is evident in every scene.The only bug I had was with the first strife. The screen went completely white, but I could hear the menu open when I hit ESC. I lowered the resolution and that seemed to fix it.But still! Thanks, everyone. Well done! I'm already excited for the next act!"
,Recommended,623940,34959770,Posted: 14 September,all,lemon,"Amazing;Really great art and animation honestly, and the music was great too!Even the characters were presented really well, and the jokes were lit.10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,623940,34959959,Posted: 14 September,all,DarkRickle,"while im not personally a fan of point and click adventure games, hiveswap is indeed pretty fun and as a homestuck fan i just need to know more,so all im saying is,the game is good,hope act II releases soon and if you have read homestuck it's pretty much a must buy,tho no alchemizing,time shenanigans or pchoooo as of act 1,act 2 better have one of the three"
,Recommended,623940,34959731,Posted: 14 September,all,Kfish5050,"Love it. As far as point and click games go, it's pretty good. Kinda short though. I was excited mostly for new homestuck content. It definitely feels like an extension to the comic."
,Recommended,623940,34959794,Posted: 14 September,all,SCP-1471,"So it's finally out, and a lot of you are probably first paying attention to a glaring fault so far: the game is literally like 2-3 hours long. Which, yes, is very short for how long we've had to wait for the game and for what's the first Act of four (I presume?)BUT MAN LEMME TELL YA. Those 2-3 hours are loaded with witty humor and charm, and a lot of less-than-subtle references to other media and Homestuck as a whole. Although yes there are some glitches/weirdness, such as skipping at higher resolutions and the hint function being pretty useless, but all in all this is an excellent intro to what I'm hoping is going to be a fantastic piece of Homestuck-themed media.I'm not saying this is like, a rousing success. More like a 7.5/10 so far, but for the price tag and the experience, it's damn well worth the $8."
,Recommended,623940,34990056,Posted: 16 September,all,COLOSSAL ISOPOD,very nice point 'n' click adventure. was hoping it'd be a little longer though.
,Recommended,623940,34989298,Posted: 15 September,all,kiiouex,"The environments are lovely, the dialogue is snappy, the music is fantastic and the characters are treasures. It should be perfectly approachable if you don't know Homestuck, and it's a beautiful reunion if you do.A bit of lag on some early screen transitions, and I spotted a couple of graphical bugs, but nothing terrible and it has only been out two days."
,Recommended,623940,34989512,Posted: 15 September,all,"Gal, Guy or 🌵","Good story and music, but the game itself lagged a bit and the area sometimes moved left or right to the point I couldn't click on anything and had to restart. I suppose the problem is in my computer, since I haven't seen any  major complaints about this. Good luck, developers!"
76561198355700067,Recommended,623940,34989819,Posted: 16 September,all,MIMICKEE,"God this is so good.The art, The music, the story, its all just amazing. I cant wait to see more."
76561198329476984,Recommended,623940,34986869,Posted: 15 September,all,redthekitty,"I really enjoyed this game! I do have some nit picks though. Ok for one alot of bugs. ok so i had problems with the animations as most if not the entire time they would leave me on the first frame and then it would go all glitchy and then i would be back to playing, also after the Trophy Room fight my screen got smaller and when strifing i couldnt see all the text and when i talk to Xefros i cant see the symbols or the chat bubble options for when responding. Thats about it. i really enjoyed the art and the story was engaging. All of the characters were great to play as I loved Xefros the most but Joey was fun too. I cant wait for act 2 and act 1 of hauntswitch!!! 8/10"
76561198092281161,Recommended,623940,34986177,Posted: 15 September,all,Mariokart2000,reminder half life 3 came out before this did. it was worth the wait for this at least.
,Recommended,623940,34986819,Posted: 15 September,all,ockess,A lot better than expected.
,Recommended,623940,34986688,Posted: 15 September,all,zanzaKlaus,"WARNING: IF YOU HAVEN'T READ THE COMIC THIS IS BASED ON YOU WILL HAVE A LOT LESS FUN THAN I DID. A lot of this first act has subtle references and callbacks to Homestuck and while it doesn't mean you can't enjoy it you will miss out on a lot of the fun and the theorycrafting that I think is a fundamental part of this game (and really any story in general).Hiveswap Act 1 seems a lot like Homestuck Act 1: lots of character, really fun, interesting enough to hold your attention, but without it's other acts to build on it's foreshadowing it feels small, and it has some quality control issues. (I'm not qualified to talk about the potential plotholes since Homestuck's lore is extremely dense and convoluted and I've only read it twice, but there were a lot of typos).Basically, don't expect God from Act 1, like how you shouldn't expect all of Homestuck to give out the goods when you first read it. Hiveswap and it's parallel game Hauntswitch will need time to develop before a comprehensive critique can be made but so far I'm pretty excited. I also expect the typos to be updated by the end of the week. Still, the game is written in Andrew Hussie's weird♥♥♥♥♥but hilarious and endearing style. If you've read the comic you should DEFINITELY play this.The game might also be a little short for you, and while I think a 3 - 5 hour solid narrative that expands on the lore of a word I love is worth more than $8, well, you might want to wait before buying into this. Hussie has a good track record with folowing through if you give him the time so I'm not worried at all."
76561198077628287,Recommended,623940,34986757,Posted: 15 September,all,Pinkrose787,I LOVE HOMESTUCK AND I LOVE THIS GAME!
76561198272291161,Recommended,623940,34988951,Posted: 15 September,all,galacticallyPointless,it's good to be back.
,Recommended,623940,34988932,Posted: 15 September,all,Burger King,"Byers, oh man....That pidgeon is ♥♥♥♥ing mental."
,Recommended,623940,34988835,Posted: 15 September,all,BrawnyBlaze,"Hiveswap: Act 1 is the first act of a multi-part series existing in the same universe as web comic Homestuck. The events of this act take place in the year 1994, which is around 15 years before the events of Homestuck begun on the 13th of April, 2009. This review will contain no spoilers on this first act.I just finished this first act and as a major fan of Homestuck, I absolutely loved it. Much of what you'll see throughout the game is in reference to what you witness reading through the Homestuck webcomic. However this does not mean that to understand those concepts or to enjoy the game, you're required to have experienced Homestuck beforehand. You will certainly learn about these as you play through this act and perhaps even the later acts.Graphics:The first aspect of the game I noticed upon starting it up was how beautiful it looked. From the detailed and beautifully shaded rooms to the smooth and engaging cutscenes, I love the way the game looks. The art style is charming and for the most part I'd say rivals some of Homestuck's best lookjing frames and flashes, if not completely outdoes it. In terms of resolution though do mind that at the time of writing this, restarting the game upon first changing the resolution is required. This is certainly a trivial nitpick for me at most though.Gameplay:Personally, I have never gotten to experience the point & click adventure genre of video game. I haven't even gotten to play classic titles such as the Monkey Island series, Grim Fandango or Day of the Tentacle. But I can safely say that the gameplay also feels quite refined within its genre. To progress through the game, you will need to examine parts of the room. This may be done to find items or perhaps make several items interact with each other. One of my favourite parts of the gameplay is the way items that won't work has been executed. For every item that is attempted to be combined with another item in the player's inventory or with the environment, there will be a unique dialogue box. This certainly helps in lifting frustration that would be otherwise caused by repetitive dialogue. I have to say that this is the best possible game genre that would still keep Hiveswap close to the style of Homestuck.Story:For what little I can say about the story in this review, I will say that you can potentially reach the end of the act in one sitting. It is not a particularly long game, mainly because its goal is to set up locations, characters and plot. This is similar to what is done by the first act of Homestuck, though I prefer the way it is done here. This is because of the amount of player interaction to each part, rather than a linear series of pages where you watch the current character carry something out. With your choices and such in this act carrying over to act 2 and so on, I have to say I'm looking forward to seeing just how good the story will eventually get.Smaller, briefer aspects:I really like the soundtrack in this game as of now.  I was surprised at how unrepetitive background music was while navigating the rooms, while the cutscene music really set the player's feeling of what was about to happen. Difficulty wise, the game was quite straightforward and not punishing at all. It was more about the experience and any challenge had to do with figuring out what to do in the current situation. I'm also a fan of the menus and how they are presentable, rather than compact.Final statement:If you have no prior experience with Homestuck, then my safest bet is to wait until a sale before picking up this act individually. This is because on its own, Act 1 of Hiveswap does not have enough content for those new to the Homestuck universe to warrant an $8.00 USD price tag. But if you like Homestuck and especially if you've finished the webcomic, then without a doubt I'd purchase the game. Even without the other acts being out, I'm definitely going to return to this game to get  all the achievements as well as going through the other dialogue options. Not that hard for me to recommend this game."
76561198041389226,Recommended,623940,34989230,Posted: 15 September,all,Comeneth,"If you ever read any part of homestuck and enjoyed it, you'll enjoy this game.The tone is on par with the comic itself, nailing both humor and tension.There's a lot of little things that you'll have a greater appreciation for if you've read the comic and you'll understand the worldbuiling more too. Especially Alternia.For people who don't know anything about homestuck, I'm not going to tell you to just go read it because that'll take about three months of non-stop reading. That being said I'm not sure how much you'll be interested in this game if you haven't. It's a pretty solid point and click adventure game without any incomprehensible mind-bending puzzles.TL;DR if you're homestuck trash like me, you'll like hiveswap. If you aren't a filthy homesutck but like adventure games, you'll probably still like hiveswap."
76561198051003495,Recommended,623940,34982832,Posted: 15 September,all,Sp00kyrex[Crucifixion ✝ Edition],"I wasn't inclined to belive I had actually purchased ""POGS: THE VIDEO GAME"" until it was far too late.If you thought there was going to be some other redeemable feature like an engaging story or varied but visually appealing art, then I hate to tell you that anything like the such is heavily overshadowed by the ever-reaching, ever-corrupting force that are POGs. SPOILER WARNING: You get them early on in the game and they N E V E R  L E A V E  Y O U. They are never used for anything significant and you can never get rid of them. Many of the item interactions that take place with the POGs involve you losing them or intentionally destroying them.But you never run out.They are infinite in their quantity and infinite in their terribleness.Save yourself before you accidentally spend $7.99 on this glorified POG shilling program. (Or $11.99 if you wanted to listen to some neat tunes while reading POG flavortext.)I am warning you now.Save yourself before it is too late."
,Recommended,623940,34985025,Posted: 15 September,all,jojoey's weird housechange,aw ♥♥♥♥ yeah this is the♥♥♥♥♥♥my dude
76561198032401019,Recommended,623940,34984938,Posted: 15 September,all,markweallans,"Land snakes alive, we are cooking with petrol now!"
,Recommended,623940,34980532,Posted: 15 September,all,Jellyfish,its great
76561198261796889,Recommended,623940,34980575,Posted: 15 September,all,Mattt |,This game is one of the cheapest good games i have ever gotten 9/10 would reccomend
,Recommended,623940,34979561,Posted: 15 September,all,Calcifer,good story and nice art style. bonus if you've read homestuck as there are many references.
76561198025196562,Recommended,623940,34979607,Posted: 15 September,all,Ace-Jade,"An amazing adventure game with the same charming art work and humor as Homestuck. The game is also very new person friendly, so far completely unrelated to the plot of Homestuck beyond being set in the same world.  However, it's mildly glitchy, having a bad habit of randomly freezing at the beginning of cutscenes and then skipping them, for example. And Act 1 alone is really short.  Overall I recommend it, but if you aren't a devout Homestuck fan like I am, you might want to wait for the later Acts to be released and for them to patch the various minor glitches."
76561198326652249,Recommended,623940,34988301,Posted: 15 September,all,IronOat,"Finished my first playthrough today (9/16/17) and I really enjoyed the game, the story, music, and gameplay are all great. I did beat it in only 2.7 hours, so it's fairly short, but it's also only $7.99. I did experience one bug; in the chatting sequences, I noticed that edges of the screen weren't shown, but I changed the resolution to match my monitor, and that fixed it."
76561198055214734,Recommended,623940,34987246,Posted: 15 September,all,kokid10,"As a fan of Homestuck, this game was exactly what I wanted. It combined the unique story telling method of Andrew Hussie, simple yet engaging puzzles, and combat styles that made me feel like I was in Homestuck. The music was spectacular. I found myself wanting to stay in certain areas just so I could keep listening to the background music. There were only two concerns I had with this game. First, there were multiple typos throughout the game. Second, I want act two to come out sooner. I beat this game in little over 3 hours, and that's with exploring around quite a bit. It was an enjoyable time, and I wish there was more. I'm hooked to say the least."
76561198356369706,Recommended,623940,34987366,Posted: 15 September,all,audrey_leathers,"The art style and animation in this game are great along with the game mechanics and music, the only think I wish was a little better was that the game feels a bit short, I feel like it didn't last quite as long as the wait for it warranted. That doesn't mean that it should have ended at the same point or in the same way and have been stretched out in the actual game play making it seem slow and possibly repetitive  (which it was not). Other than that the game itself is a total 10/10 have played again, and again, and again."
,Recommended,623940,34987209,Posted: 15 September,all,SanosTurk,"I honestly loved the story, the dialouge, the characters we've seen so far and the music is phenomenal!And although the battle do seem to be pointless....I found them very fun and intresting ? They're a puzzle themselves and it was fun trying to solve them to win. I can't wait for act 2 !"
76561198421891637,Recommended,623940,34985235,Posted: 15 September,all,khiyuqye,"A funny, heart-warming, and well-written game with beautiful animation, catchy music, and characters you instantly love. I'm new to Homestuck and haven't finished reading it yet (I'm mid Act 3) so I can confirm what a lot of other people are saying in that you don't need to have read Homestuck to play Hiveswap. The game does a good job of explaining what's happening and why, so you won't feel super-lost at all. I took about 5 1/2 hrs to complete it and I still have 18 achievements that I didn't figure out, so I'll probably play it again in a couple days."
76561198005096324,Recommended,623940,34987736,Posted: 15 September,all,Dermonster,"Short, but enjoyable. Not for those who dislike reading a lot. Try out every item on everything else! It makes the experience much better."
,Recommended,623940,34987902,Posted: 15 September,all,Rexv0rt,Good game for your buck. That was a nice and comfy 3 or so hours
,Recommended,623940,34991487,Posted: 16 September,all,Mama Error,"The game is absolutely stunning with interesting music and achievements. There is many callbacks to the webcomic which was good fun as well. Only problems I have is the soundtrack is extremely annoying to get and doesn't include Old Secret.I hope to see more shenanigans with my favourite character so far, Byers. That bird can play piano!"
76561198261694681,Recommended,623940,34990598,Posted: 16 September,all,mothball,"Overall, I thought the game was genuinely lovely. As a huge fan of Homestuck, it's really nice to see a new story take place in the same world, with the same style and sense of humour. The characters were likeable, the animation and art style was wonderful, the soundtrack is great, and the puzzles were simple enough to solve quickly, without feeling too easy.It did a great job of appealing to existing fans, but there were a few moments which felt a little too expository for people who are already familiar with the setting, yet not quite expository enough for those who aren't? I'm not sure that people who haven't read Homestuck would reallygetthe world, especially the troll side of things, just from the info the game gives you. I could be wrong though, and I'm sure future acts will add a little more world-building too.The only other complaints I can really give are obviously the length (plus the cost to length ratio for the rest of the acts together if they're of a similar length), and one bug I found where the cutscene after unlocking the attic wouldn't start and I had to restart the game. Aside from that, I would absolutely recommend the game to anyone who enjoyed Homestuck, maaaybe less so to anyone who didn't. A solid 8/10 imo."
,Recommended,623940,34990148,Posted: 16 September,all,WickerTrick,"Nostalgia around ever corner, incredible callbacks to the comic, it's got it all! the backgrounds also have incredibly accurate continuity which is super impressive considering how busy they are!"
,Recommended,623940,34990243,Posted: 16 September,all,karkatmcprospit,oh man. oh man oh man this is goodi couldn't see any of the cutscenes because of glitches though
,Recommended,623940,34990044,Posted: 16 September,all,RaspberrySleuth,"It was nice, the animation was compelling and the story was wonderful. Even if you never read Homestuck or just never finished it the story is easy to follow and everything you need to know is explained. The game is short though, I expected it to be but if you are not in a hurry to keep up with the story maybe wait a bit till the rest of the Acts are out."
76561198272694679,Recommended,623940,35006748,Posted: 16 September,all,Titanizer,"This game was highly enjoyable and I really enjoyed the mechanics and how easy the story was to follow and understand; while it was short, I wouldn't expect anything else from the creator cause it is true to the way homestuck was read :)"
76561198141493529,Recommended,623940,35010233,Posted: 16 September,all,Smallpoxjuicebox,Fantastic music and fantastic play though. Can't wait for part 2!
,Recommended,623940,35010702,Posted: 16 September,all,CherryGreatSword,Surprisingly worth the wait
,Recommended,623940,35007788,Posted: 16 September,all,z357y,"I absolutely ADORE this game so far; I can't wait for the other Acts to come out!I recommend this game for both new and veteran fans of Homestuck alike, and even if you've never heard of it before. For the old fans, there are references everywhere, but for newbies and outsiders it's simply a fun, slightly confusing point-and-click game!"
76561198087253236,Recommended,623940,34997770,Posted: 16 September,all,casspyatt,"I love the gameplay, the music, and the art style, and I cant wait for act two"
76561198285060233,Recommended,623940,34996859,Posted: 16 September,all,kai.brennan,"What an amazing game!I'm not done yet, but I absolutely adore it.The story and background touches on some heavy stuff (abandonment, lonliness, abuse), while still making you smile, laugh and discover a whole new world alongside Joey. I love that kid!In fact, all the characters I've met so far are very sweet and interesting people, and it shows through their expressive faces and unique way of talking.The art is fantastic, the music is stuck in my head, the animation is incredibly nice, and I'm so excited to learn more about Alternia.Will update more once I finish!"
,Recommended,623940,35000711,Posted: 16 September,all,Homestucker with lead poisoning,I've been waiting for this game for too long and its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. the refrences is amazing
,Recommended,623940,35009496,Posted: 16 September,all,geromy,"i didn't actually play hiveswap, but i give it 1.5 out of 5 hats to keep it real"
,Recommended,623940,35011212,Posted: 16 September,all,flip wizard,"Very fun game. Some of the puzzles in the latter end can be difficult to figure out, especially as there's not really an in-game hint system and some of the puzzles rely on finding the just right part of the screen to click on, but that's par for the course for graphic adventure games. Besides, at least the parts of the screen you have to click on make sense. I found a bug towards the end game, where it wouldn't let megrab the sloth treats, but exiting and reentering the room fixed it. The strife system takes a bit to get used to, and some of the fights are non-specific as to whether you need to grab something in the background or not, but once you figure out the puzzle you need to solve to win the fight, the animations are clean and fun. I'll be interested to see where the further acts go, and I hope the wait for them isn't another few years."
,Recommended,623940,35011307,Posted: 16 September,all,Dogplz,Yesss! This is amazing!!!!!!! Worth the wait!
,Recommended,623940,35015338,Posted: 16 September,all,haganeno,"More of a visual novel than a true point-and-click...most of the puzzles are pretty obvious, which is frustrating from a gameplay perspective. As an immersive story though?  It's great. The music and backgrounds are beautiful and immersive, and I feel like I'm reading a Homestuck story the way it's ""meant"" to be told. The biggest issue I have is that honestly, it's too short. From a narrative perspective it feels more like a prologue than a full quarter of a story. I hope that the next three acts will be longer, but most of all I hope that everyone enjoys Xefros cause he's great :)"
76561198278358991,Recommended,623940,35015368,Posted: 16 September,all,Shadzy,"Even if you're not really a fan of homestuck this is a charming and cute game to get into, you don't really need to know about homestuck to play it so far, Charming characters with nice banter and nice in depth evaluations, and a very pleasant beginning of a story at the moment. The animation, art, and music are all very nice as well."
,Recommended,623940,35004011,Posted: 16 September,all,minimamints,I love this game so much. Homestuck has and will always hold a place in my heart and this game made me so happy. The art and music is so good I love it all. I fell in love with the characters the moment I saw them.so good. 10/5 would wait 2 more years for act 2
,Recommended,623940,35004276,Posted: 16 September,all,PyralSp1te,All the humour of Homestuck but now with 30% more references.And 60% more time to be spend on conspiracy theories that will never be right no matter how much we hope.
76561198095282802,Recommended,623940,34996159,Posted: 16 September,all,Kayleigh,"Having been around for the original kickstarter all those years ago, I've since moved on from the Homestuck fandom. After having serendipitiously found out that this had actually been released from a YouTube comment of all places, and seeing the modest price (£5.99), I decided to indulge in a bit of nostalgia without really expecting to enjoy it that much at all after so long.Boy was I wrong.It definitely helps to already have been a fan of Homestuck to get the most out of all the little references and lore, and to properly understand the intricacies, however I'd recommend this even to people who haven't read the webcomic as the story is endearing and fun. Yes, it was short - which maybe should have been anticipated from the episodic release and the low price - however I already find myself invested in the characters and their interactions. If Act II were already available, I'd without a doubt already be installing it impatiently.To say I'd lost all hope for a game ever actually being released given the trials that this game faced previously in development, I was more than pleasantly surprised!"
,Recommended,623940,34959739,Posted: 14 September,all,B4KUZUK1N,"Really great game, the reason why the game as most people describe as ""short"" is because they would want you to actually interact with pretty much everything and get into detail, just like how you would have to read a whole dialogue box in Homestuck and such. If you are that kind of person who likes to indulge in exploration; specifically reading about everything word to word, I say go for it!"
,Recommended,623940,35012209,Posted: 16 September,all,XW,"Favorite Achievement?"">IT'S A LIVING""Thank you Hussie"
76561198085251096,Recommended,623940,35011966,Posted: 16 September,all,sneakejack,"Amazing game with a great soundtrack and great humor, 10/10, would abandon a rebellion again"
,Recommended,623940,34962110,Posted: 14 September,all,Arkveveen,"Hiveswap is an absolute must for Homestuck fans just like myself. But even if you're not a fan, it's still a pretty good adventure game. The only major thing hampering it, at least on release, is the amount of bugs. Most of them are visual bugs with the environments and UI. It can break the immersion just a bit. They will most likely get fixed. It happens, usually, when you first switch to fullscreen and to a higher resolution. It goes away upon restarting the game.Nothing else seems to be wrong, technically speaking. Vertical Sync is available with good Resolution Options, Volume Levels, and Windowed Mode. When loading, the game suffers some framerate issues, but that literally means nothing since there isn't a thing on screen during this process. Moving around does feel clunky, especially on stairs in cramped spaces.Other than that, there's very little wrong with this game. It's almost ""perfect"", despite it having this sort of ""cheap"" feel to it... but it's so minor, that it barely affects the game at all.This game is a crap load of fun, with plenty of laughs to be had. The 90s pop culture references are off the charts, and the nostalgic feel is wonderful to the point of being palpable. Sadly, this wonder only lasts about 5 hours. It ends too quickly. The price justifies the length at least. There's some replayability, especially since you're practically encouraged to try every item and weapon with everything. I actually didn't think of trying every item with everything. I was just using the weapons with everything, and even then I eventually stopped doing that. So there's probablly quite a few things I'm missing, which is evident by me having 57% of the achievements after beating the game.What makes this game so great is the text, which is amazingly written and hilarious, and the sheer amount of things in each environment that make them feel ""real"". Trying out stuff on everything will give you this text, making each action you do rewarding just for the downright fun writing to read. Don't even get me started on the story, it's very good and keeps you playing all throughout. Andrew Hussie has crafted yet another fantastic story of youth and the celebration of the people, hobbies, dreams, or things we care about. If you haven't read Homestuck, go and do it right away, it will take you weeks! Even after hours of binging per day!Hiveswap is worth so much more, I would've paid $15.00 for it at most just for the fun it gave me. I can't wait for more. As a Homestuck fan, it was more than I hoped for!"
,Recommended,623940,35012030,Posted: 16 September,all,remitentacle,Act:1 was so amazing and I love every sec of it :3
,Recommended,623940,35011741,Posted: 16 September,all,astrangepotato,"god, where do i begin. although quite short, this game was everything i had hoped for and more. its hilarious and everything is fittingly homestuck. seriously, you can get an achievement for trying to use a pigeon on 30 items!!the art is amazing, the music is AMAZING, the gameplay is amazing, and overall, everything is amazing. i still cant believe hiveswap coming out was a thing that ACTUALLY happened in REAL LIFE. for me, it was totally worth the wait.the characters are FULL of personality and life (and i cant wait to learn more about them). i played the whole game with the dopiest smile on my face (though maybe thats just because im extremely fond of homestuck, haha).i can tell the team worked very hard, it really shows!! everything is just...perfect, really. its hard to use anything else to describe it other than that.just. go play it. please."
76561198180881762,Recommended,623940,35013847,Posted: 16 September,all,Scraps,"I. Love. This. Game. 100% in 4.1 hours, currently working on all the badges. Totally obsessed."
76561198125007314,Recommended,623940,35013645,Posted: 16 September,all,"Frozen Phoenix [Wolf,Mlp]","This game is great, For those who have read homestuck you get alot of refrences. can't wait for act 2, only problem is the arror keys don't move the charecter but that's no a con."
76561198053783467,Recommended,623940,35056424,Posted: 18 September,all,Night Light,"My only complaint is Act 2, Act 3, and Act 4 ae not out yet.Hopefully it does well enough to enable the Side-quel, Hauntswitch, to occur as well.... gotsa see what ______'s up too!"
76561198398721448,Recommended,623940,35057274,Posted: 18 September,all,marshmellow1320,Great first act compelling story well paced and immersive.
,Recommended,623940,35057095,Posted: 18 September,all,Shaggy Rogers,"Fun and delightful, the puzzles can be rather obvious but I tend to miss some of the most obvious places to look.I loved the dialogue, its very enjoyable and reminds me of the core of Homestuck I used to enjoy so much as a kid.The trolls are as fun and loveable as I remember them in the original Homestuck, the soundtrack is wonderful and its an all around cute point-and-click adventure game that anyone could enjoy even if you have no idea what the hell Homestuck is and what any of it means.I hope it gets enough recognition it deserves and I really really cannot wait for ACT 2. Counting on you WhatPumpkin!!!!!!!"
76561198272001978,Recommended,623940,35057948,Posted: 18 September,all,BamberPlaysTooMuchSkyrim,"I'm so excited to step back into the world of Homestuck. I can't wait to see what our human heroes and troll companions get themselves into and what they overcome in this brand new adventure. Knowing Hussie, I'd wager that this will be a long game but it will be well worth it. I love the art style and the animations are really nice and the color scheme is amazing. Any Homestuck fan should get this, hell even some newcomers should get into Hiveswap. It's been a long wait but the next story has finally arrived, and I  can't wait to see how convoluted it will get X:)"
76561198287839187,Recommended,623940,35058466,Posted: 18 September,all,BlueBabby,"Legit p good. I'm Homestuck trash tho, so i'm biased.A few minor complaints, mainly it doesn't auto-check your resolution, so I played half the game not being able to see half the screen and not realising anything was wrong, but that was my bad.8.5/10"
76561198261166152,Recommended,623940,35037049,Posted: 17 September,all,Amethyst,Hussie did it again everyone. do not be surprised when I say this game is awesome! the style is adorable and the music is great but the thing that makes so sad is that it is so short. As soon as I was really getting into it the game was over. Its just like Hussie to pull that crap too so i wasnt surprised when it happened. we are back in the days where we are sitting at the computer endlessly waiting to come off of the latest hiatus.
,Recommended,623940,35040817,Posted: 18 September,all,PsySneks,"Very creative and funny game, the only down side was the end to which I looked around my room then asked myself why it was 5am... the short answer... I probably played through the game twice... aaand... by twice i mean twice to the power of 21. Then endlessly crying about not being complete... It's now 7am... I should probobly stop crying or else everyone will think i binged watched twilight to the theme music of some sad soap opra they played in the 1980's and that one buttler died but no one really cared cause the puppy stubbed their toe on the bookself of the kids left shoe bin.AND it's entirely possible i'm just having a mental break down because I saw the most beautiful act 1 of a game and want to forget ever playing it so I can feel happy and play it agian...Please send help..."
76561198129736339,Recommended,623940,35089012,Posted: 20 September,all,Trump Will Triumph,"homestuck has ruined me, but atleast the price didnt ruin my vallet. As much as i would like to ironicly say 10/10 best game IGN, I have to genuinly say instead that this is one of the best story based games I have played in a long time. I recommend it for everyone."
,Recommended,623940,34965289,Posted: 14 September,all,Inexplicavel,i never read homestuck but i don't care and i'm playing it
76561198157631412,Recommended,623940,35036299,Posted: 17 September,all,mmanders,I wonder how long act 2 will take until its finished...
76561198121375986,Recommended,623940,35095365,Posted: 20 September,all,ryanbresnahan27,ive been waiting years for this and it was worth it!
76561198040059479,Recommended,623940,35095302,Posted: 20 September,all,themiragechild,It's good.
,Recommended,623940,35010142,Posted: 16 September,all,♦eri♦,FINALLYY AAAAAAAAAAAAAIf you like point and click adventure games then this is a gem. And a steal at only $8 CAD!
76561198371472349,Recommended,623940,35010117,Posted: 16 September,all,insane_alex,"Beautiful artstyle, amazing music, great story concept and a lot of Homestuck related Easter eggs which I love!"
76561198064725533,Recommended,623940,35010119,Posted: 16 September,all,Skyler,"Against all odds, it actually exists, and it's actually good. It's cute and funny."
,Recommended,623940,35003646,Posted: 16 September,all,RevJoystick,"This game is great!If you are a fan of classic point-and-click puzzle adventure games, You should give this a try!It's just a little short though. I finished this in less than 4 hours.The story is really good! There's a lot of homestuck refrences, too.The music is also amazing! It's to be expected, though. It was composed by toby fox! (He did the UNDERTALE soundtrack!)I even heard a few undertale jingles in there, too (Listen during the basement!)The characters are lovable and fun! The dialogue is fun to read, as well.So all around this is a good game. I just wish that it was a little longer and had more fight/strifing sequences. Those arereally fun!"
76561198299401487,Recommended,623940,35005544,Posted: 16 September,all,John Egdork :B,the game was so cool!!! I can't wait for ACT 2 to come outhowever the cutscenes didn't work for me. it kept lagging and all i saw was just a black screen until it was over.
76561198067781852,Recommended,623940,35005454,Posted: 16 September,all,MTBR2,"This is a fantastic and charming point and click adventure game. I think the area that it succeeds most in is world-building. from the posters on the walls, to the telling dialog between characters, this game goes out of its way to bring the player into these two living and vibrant worlds.I also want to point out how expertly the game strikes a balance between tying itself to the Homestuck comic through clues and references, and focusing on its own elaborate narrative."
76561198189621301,Recommended,623940,35007297,Posted: 16 September,all,(Offensive),"I won't say this is a bad game.Because it's not.Keep in mind that I don't have the greatest critical eye, so I'm basically gonna be summarizing every pro and con that stood out to me.Pros:Good animationGreat musicCons:The game itself is too loud, while the cutscenes are too quietI'm also 90% sure that this game won't be standalone, and I'll need to have read the webcomic Homestuck in order to understand everything."
76561198108923723,Recommended,623940,35006256,Posted: 16 September,all,Great Lord Fluffernutter,If god made a point and click adventure game it sure as hel would be nothing compared to this masterpiece.11/10 would press the hint button until the end of time again.
,Recommended,623940,35007176,Posted: 16 September,all,Banana,"I've only read the first few acts of Homestuck (~4-5 years ago), so I'm not exactly a fan and don't remember much aside from a juggalo. So, in terms of understanding the world beforehand I'm just barely familiar.The game itself is a straightforward point-and-click adventure with a wealth of in-game descriptions. The game consists of solving some puzzles which vary from small games to just clicking on things until you find what you need (that's simplifying it but you really can't miss anything). The descriptions are entertaining, the author put effort into making everything you read worthwhile. The descriptions, as the other reviews can tell you, consist of mostly 90s nostalgia.The music is relaxing, old-school in terms of flash games (I think), and ""nice"" overall. The chapter only lasted me ~2 hours and I searched through everything (only got half the achievements so there are hidden interactions throughout). For $7.99, I think it was worth my time but for others it may end rather abrubtly."
76561198180450719,Recommended,623940,35009684,Posted: 16 September,all,caninePsychiatrist,"Incredible game. Waited so long for it, but it was super worth the wait. As a 'veteran' homestuck, this game was a blessing"
,Recommended,623940,35009095,Posted: 16 September,all,Dragon X,I ♥♥♥♥ing missed you Hussie.
76561198294790618,Recommended,623940,34960010,Posted: 14 September,all,Astro,"While I still haven't finished Act 1 yet (I'll get to why in a momet) from what I've experienced so far it's great. You really need to play the game to truy enjoy it, especially if you've already sold your soul to Hussie. The characters, the writing and humour, the references, the art and sweet jegus the music.I do have one complaint though, and that's with the cutscenes. Now, i don't know if it's just my laptop or the game iteself, but from what I've seen from other people's reviews I'm not the only one with this problem. The cutscenes don't work most of the time, they would start and freexe after only a few seconds. Then it would stay frozen until the cutscene is ""finished"" and go back to reglar gameplay. This does take quite a bit away from the experience of playing and the main reason why I haven't finished Act 1 yet.Though if you can ignore the cutscenes not working for now and you have a yourself a great first act of Hiveswap. Can't wait for more, hopefully it won't take as long to release the next act. Would definitely recommend buying this."
,Recommended,623940,34962072,Posted: 14 September,all,Webby,"This game is amazing! The soundtrack is good, and the story is. The only problem i see with it it's that is short and it really doesn't fit that spot that 4 years of waiting left... And point and click games are not my personal favorite.I loved this and to think that it was hand drawn....."
76561198036561507,Recommended,623940,34962077,Posted: 14 September,all,Rondoh,You can tap dance on ♥♥♥♥ing everything.
,Recommended,623940,34963146,Posted: 14 September,all,Mr. Coopy™,"Raymond Albert Romano (born December 21, 1957) is an American stand-up comedian, actor and screenwriter. He is best known for his role on the sitcom Everybody Loves Raymond, for which he received an Emmy Award, and as the voice of Manny in the Ice Age film series. He created and starred in the TNT comedy-drama Men of a Certain Age (2009–11). From 2012 to 2015, Romano had a recurring role as Hank Rizzoli, a love interest of Sarah Braverman in Parenthood.Personal life and familyRomano was born in Queens, New York, the son of Lucie (Fortini), a piano teacher, and Albert Romano (November 7, 1925 – March 11, 2010), a real estate agent and engineer.[2][3] He is of seven-eighths Italian, and one-eighth French descent, and grew up in the Forest Hills neighborhood of Queens.[4] He has an older brother, Richard (born in 1956), a sergeant with the NYPD, and a younger brother, Robert, a second grade teacher in New York City.[5] Romano married his wife, Anna Scarpulla, in 1987. They met while working at a bank together.[6] They have four children.Romano's character's daughter on Everybody Loves Raymond was named after his real-life daughter. Also, in the series pilot, Ray and Debra's twin boys were named Gregory and Matthew, after Romano's real-life twin sons, but Romano felt it was inconvenient to have all his TV children have the same names as his real children, and changed the twins' names to Geoffrey and Michael on screen. He also said his brother was not pleased with Ray Barone's TV brother.[7]Romano's family has made various appearances in the show. Romano's real-life daughter Alexandra ""Ally"" Romano made several appearances on Everybody Loves Raymond as Molly, the best friend of his on-screen daughter, Ally, and the daughter of Ray Barone's nemesis, Peggy the Cookie Lady. Romano's father, Albert Romano, has made various appearances as Albert, one of Frank Barone's lodge buddies in various episodes such as ""Debra at the Lodge"", and ""Boys' Therapy"". Romano's brother, Richard Romano, appeared in the episodes ""Golf For It"", ""Just a Formality"" and ""The Toaster"". Romano's wife Anna appeared as one of the moms in the background at Geoffrey and Michael's school in season 6's episode titled ""The Angry Family.""In February 2012, Romano revealed that his wife Anna had successfully battled stage one breast cancer in 2010. Romano told People magazine that ""the reason we're going public is to share our experience, yeah, but to have an effect. Our goal is to help people.""[8]CareerRomano attended elementary and middle school at Our Lady Queen of Martyrs in Forest Hills. After transferring from Archbishop Molloy High School, Romano graduated from Hillcrest High School in 1975.[9] He was in the same high school class as Fran Drescher. Before getting into show business, Romano briefly attended Queens College, in Flushing, New York, where he studied accounting.[6]His early comedy career started when he competed in the Johnnie Walker Comedy Search in 1989 directed by Saturday Night Live short film producer Neal Marshad and appeared on The Comedy Channel. His career included many outlets, such as Comedy Central, where he had been a recurring guest voice on the show Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist. He also was a contestant on Star Search in the stand-up comedy category. He originally was cast to play Joe (originally named Rick) on the American television sitcom NewsRadio, but was fired and replaced by Joe Rogan. He then appeared on Late Show with David Letterman doing his stand up routine which formed his ties with CBS. Shortly thereafter, he became the star of his own show, Everybody Loves Raymond on CBS, that featured a cast and format more suitable to Romano's brand of humor. His work on the series earned him six Emmy nominations, winning in 2002, as well as five Screen Actors Guild Award nominations and two Golden Globe Award nominations.Romano and his comedian best friend Kevin James starred in the salesman comedy Grilled as two Average Joes of the same profession who are both desperate to land a big sale.Romano was featured on a 2000 episode of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, on which he won US$125,000 for the NYPD's D.A.R.E. Unit.In 2001, Romano was named one of E!'s top twenty entertainers of the year. That same year he was featured with his brother (a teacher at a school in Long Island) on a New York Police Department recruiting poster.In 2004, he became the highest-paid television actor in history for his role of Raymond on CBS's Everybody Loves Raymond. It was later revealed on E! that he had broken another record by his show having the highest revenue at US$3.9 billion.On December 13, 2003, Romano was featured as a special guest star, sending a birthday card to Bob Barker in his eightieth-birthday bash on the twenty-seventh ""Million Dollar Spectacular"" special of the long-running daytime CBS series The Price Is Right.Romano was the subject of the documentary film 95 Miles to Go. The film documents Romano's road-trip for a series of rides across the south of the United States. The film was released in theaters on April 7, 2010, by ThinkFilm.[10] In August 2006 Romano was interviewed in front of a live audience at UCLA by fellow stand-up veteran David Steinberg, for an episode of Sit Down Comedy with David Steinberg. The program first aired on the TV Land network in March 2007.Romano returned to television with a new dramedy for TNT in 2008, Men of a Certain Age, which he co-created with former Everybody Loves Raymond writer, Mike Royce. It co-starred Scott Bakula and Andre Braugher.Romano made an appearance in the seventh season of NBC show The Office as Merv Bronte, a nervous job applicant interviewing for the job left vacant by Michael Scott.Romano made an appearance in the third-season premiere of ABC sitcom The Middle as Nicky, a friend of Mike, who ruined his and Frankie's honeymoon. Romano was the second actor from Everybody Loves Raymond to be reunited with Patricia Heaton on The Middle. Doris Roberts guest-starred in three episodes.He joined the cast of Parenthood beginning September 11, 2012.[11][12] He became a semi-regular, playing photographer Hank Rizzoli, who hired and later had a romantic relationship with Sarah Braverman and developed a friendship with her nephew who has Asperger syndrome. The role was specifically created for him after he expressed his love for the show and met with creator Jason Katims on the set of Friday Night Lights.[13]In 2002, Romano voiced the wooly mammoth Manfred (Manny) in the film Ice Age, followed by Ice Age: The Meltdown in 2006, Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs in 2009, Ice Age: Continental Drift in 2012, and Ice Age: Collision Course in 2016.CompetitionsRomano at the 2010 World Series of Poker main eventRomano competed in the World Series of Poker in 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2013 and 2015.In early 2010, Romano starred in the second season of The Golf Channel's original series The Haney Project in which Tiger Woods' former coach Hank Haney attempts to improve the golf games of different celebrities and athletes. Romano's goal was to finish the show being able to break 80.[14] Romano took time off from the show to be with his father, Albert Romano, who died in March 2010. Romano is also a regular competitor in the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am, where he finished fifth in 2012 with his partner, Australian professional Steven Bowditch. It was the first time Romano had qualified for the final round after failing to do so on 11 successive occasions. He also competes annually in the American Century Championship, a celebrity golf tournament owned by NBC and held at Lake Tahoe[15][16] each July.FilmographyFilmYear	Title	Role	Notes1990	Caesar's Salad	Policeman	Short film2002	Ice Age	Manfred ""Manny"" (voice)2004	Welcome to Mooseport	Handy Harrison2004	Eulogy	Skip Collins2004	95 Miles to Go	Himself2006	Ice Age: The Meltdown	Manny (voice)2006	Grilled	Maurice2008	Th"
,Recommended,623940,34962702,Posted: 14 September,all,Krakendra,Amazing game! Rich world that adds a lot to the universe already built.
76561198049619934,Recommended,623940,34963729,Posted: 14 September,all,Aradia,ahahahahaha just HOW high do you even have to BE just to DO something like that
76561198260976123,Recommended,623940,34963619,Posted: 14 September,all,homestucktrash13,"I bought the game right away, but its glitching right over all of the cut scenes and it wont let me proceed past a certain part (wont let me grab the attic key from the globe in trophy room)"
76561198258439675,Recommended,623940,34963640,Posted: 14 September,all,Malcolmsam714,"I love the art and music ,it's very well done. I do recommend for anyone who is a fan of Homestuck. Also it's a fun and funny point and click game"
76561198314964727,Recommended,623940,35015938,Posted: 16 September,all,dennischen_sg,"This is a beautiful, charming game, a tad on the short side but overall an amazing experience. Kudos to the What Pumpkin team for their exceptional work, and looking forward to the following acts!"
76561198164246914,Recommended,623940,35015667,Posted: 16 September,all,nuke.monkey22,Short and sweet. Definitely worth the wait.
,Recommended,623940,35014167,Posted: 16 September,all,ShyGuy16,"Been a Homestuck fan for years and years, and I'm already chomping at the bits for the next part. True to any adventure game, the first act is mostly setup, worldbuilding, and enticing the audience for more. It was pretty and sounded nice, although the puzzles were WAY too simple. I knew it'd be short, but for the time everyone waited on Hiveswap I didn't anticipate it being THAT short.I like what you guys are offering, just try to keep the momentum going come Act 2. There's nothing sadder than a promising episodic game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the bed at the end."
,Recommended,623940,35033939,Posted: 17 September,all,Blue,"Fantastic game if you've read HS, good enough if you have not. Really short game with nice graphics and music, some interesting puzzles (and some wtf ones too). Waiting fo Act 2."
,Recommended,623940,35014804,Posted: 16 September,all,xefros,"Absolutely TERRIFFIC gameplay, storyline, soundtrack, and art style! I am a long time fan of Homestuck and I have waited for many years just for this game to come out! I feel however, as some things can be improved, such as improving the amount of RAM the game takes up, and me, with my crappy 2GB of RAM can definitely testify: DO NOT TAKE THE RECCOMENDED AMOUNT OF RAM LIGHTLY! It really ruins my gameplay when I have to save every 5 minutes or so in order to avoid losing progress because of my computer restarting due to the small amount of RAM. If you have 2GB of RAM like me and want to play, do not dismay! You can buy more RAM for your computer and it is relatively inexpensive. I don't really find it to be a problem because the pros outnumber the cons but I can definitely see why some people may be hesitant.I paid for the Soundtrack Edition, and I definitely reccomend you to buy Soundtrack Edition if you can spend 5 more dollars! The soundtrack is amazing and it is a bargain that you can get the game and the soundtrack for only $11.99.I love the game and wish it was longer. As you can see by my 7 hours of Hiveswap, I went extremely slow so I can indulge in this game even more. Also because my game started and restarted numerous times, but lets ignore that last part :P.I feel like strife was semi-pointless, but it added to the story and kept a theme of Homestuck.Even if you aren't a fan of Homestuck you can still enjoy the game! All you'll miss is a few references.8/10 Gameplay - Like I said, my only problem was the shortness of the gameplay and the RAM issue.413/10 Soundtrack (I'm just going to stop obsessing over the soundtrack now...)9/10 Story - Great story despite being pretty short. Love the 1994 feel... It actually takes you back.Overall: 9/10.P.S: If you're an Undertale fan... try feeding the pet treats to the ""Second Mom"" poster in Joey's bedroom."
,Recommended,623940,35032627,Posted: 17 September,all,Foxy Luvs,"My only complaint is the game is too short!! I want Act 2 nooow!!I love how even if you haven't read Homestuck it's still easy to get into and it explains itself well (like hemospectrums, and other Alternian concepts). It has that Homestuck humor I adore as well!Now to figure out how it fits in the timeline..."
76561198421403506,Recommended,623940,35033241,Posted: 17 September,all,psg30,The game has really good music. I also really appreciated the numerous jokes.It is rather short though.
76561198098463413,Recommended,623940,35033249,Posted: 17 September,all,2buildornot2build,"Homestuck fan or non-Homestuck fan, I think Hiveswap is enjoyable by anyone who plays it and enjoys games involving a good story. I have to warn anyone who wants to buy this game: do not buy this for the puzzles. The puzzles and combat (which itself is still a puzzle, really) are fairly easy. Hiveswap is enjoyable mostly for its story and flavor text when trying to solve puzzles. If you're still here knowing that the puzzles aren't too amazing, then go for it. At eight dollars, this game is certainly worth it. There are many complaints about how short it is, and it is short, but it's not like it feels incomplete considering the price on it. It left off at a good point, and while I'm going to hate to wait for act 2, the game gives you enough content. If we had to wait another 5 years, then yeah this would be ridiculous, but What Pumpkin said that it shouldn't take nearly as long for act 2 to be released.The game breaks down into about three different categories. I'll briefly talk about each one.Exploration/puzzle solving: Like I said previously, the puzzles aren't anything special at all, but they're still fun for the most part, and the exploration to figure out the puzzles is entertaining due to the flavor text. However, I wouldn't buy Hiveswap if you're in it for the puzzles.Combat: The combats are actually small puzzles. You have to use the resources you have along with the terrain around you to defeat enemies. There were a few times that I got frustrated with the combat because the game didn't do a good job of visually displaying the problem with why <insert some item/ability> didn't work how it should've, but it was only like two times, and it did make sense afterward. Might've just been me brainfarting, but I do think there could've been better telegraphing for some of the combats. I really enjoyed this kind of combat/puzzle, however. It felt pretty rewarding to escape or defeat whatever it is you're facing, and the little quips used when you attempt to do something were a nice touch. Overall a small part of the game, but pretty enjoyable when it was there.Story: I think the best parts of the story are the interactions between characters. The interactions feel natural and stay interesting throughout the entire game. This was definitely my favorite aspect of the game, especially after interacting with the thing in the attic (no spoilers). The interactions were completely solid. As for the other aspects of the story, such as reading your diary or looking at pictures of family on the wall, etc., I enjoyed the sort of ""already know but thinking about"" perspective. It feels natural and gives you an idea about how the characters feel about each little story blob.Yes, there are references to Homestuck in it. While they were very enjoyable, they're a small part of the game that aren't required to pick up on at all for a full enjoyment of the game itself. This game makes you care about the characters within itself, not characters from another story.I would certainly recommend this game! There are people who definitely wouldn't care for Hiveswap, don't get me wrong, but I think Hiveswap has a lot to offer to people who like more story-based games. I hope this review was helpful in your decision!"
,Recommended,623940,35032478,Posted: 17 September,all,PeachPumpkin413,Wish it was longer but fun and entertaining
76561198034358074,Recommended,623940,35033087,Posted: 17 September,all,Morgan,"Great game by great people,Hiveswap is short and sweet, with more (presumably) on the way. Lovely animation, memorable and well defined characters, and a dose of mystery that made me play it again and again!"
76561198272064614,Recommended,623940,35032978,Posted: 17 September,all,amfcom,"I really loved this game!!!!! The artwork and attention to detail was great!!!! As a ballet dancer I thought that Joey's attack moves were really cute. This game makes me miss my puppy surprise though. I really liked the music too!!! I've read all of homestuck, and If you haven't read it you'll only be missing out on a couple inside jokes and poster references (you don't have to read homestuck to enjoy the game).  Puzzle games are really fun; i appreciate the format of the game. I can't wait for hauntswitch (I think that's what's it's called) to come out. DeerCat was super cute!!!!!!!! I 100% recommend playing this game."
,Recommended,623940,35025219,Posted: 17 September,all,Jelx_,"This is a Awesome game, but you have you use your head.I went into this game thinking ""oh a Adventure, point & click game this should be a nice and fast game.""NOPEIf you dont pay any word to the chats and surroundings you will screw yourself and the game will become ""clickatron 5000""So if you get this game, just use your head.Also visuals and the music is awsome too."
76561197992208079,Recommended,623940,35025103,Posted: 17 September,all,Vallm,"Very nice game ,"
76561198025146107,Recommended,623940,35023876,Posted: 17 September,all,Meerkatknight,"Honestly, I was so terrified going into this if it was going to be good or not. But I'm glad to say my fears were put to rest. Hiveswap isn't the greatest most wonderful game. But it's a pleasant jump into the world that I'd missed and with new characters who are very compelling and a treat to watch and learn about. If you're a Homstuck fan, this is a must buy as it unfolds a totally hidden portion of the continuity that, I beleive, most of us completly missed and has all the trappings of what we expect from homestuck. For newcomers this is a great stand alone treat that, while some refrences and jokes may fly over your head, it is deffinetly not required to know anything about the series, in fact, this could be a more pallatable way to dip your toes into HS without fearing for drowning in the chaos.Gameplay wise it's a basic point and click adventure and it's engaging and fun enough, if you enjoy such games. There is combat, though, not traditional combat, but more puzzle solving combat but it's not a big focus of the game but it's very welcome. The puzzles aren't all to difficult and only really got stuck once but they're fun and not too easy enough that it's engaging. I would also be remise if I didn't mention the music which is such an integral part of Homestuck that I'd have been so destraught if Toby Fox hadn't graced us with his talents again also a composer who's name, I'm sorry, I unfortunatly can't recall. I had only a few bugs mostly with framerate but wasn't really breaking. Only one during the first strife that made it so I had to restart it.All in all a nice romp in a familiar but new setting and people with a story that grabbed me and by the end made me beg for more. Reccomened if you love Homestuck or Point-and-Clicks or if you want to get into either. 8/10"
,Recommended,623940,35014864,Posted: 16 September,all,azeralyn,"I absolutely adore this gameIt is made by Hussie himself and holds all of the charm of his various webcoming while still being it's own separate entity. I would advise anyone who loves homestuck and needs a little bit more of the ""fix"" to get this. Strange things happen on withdrawal."
,Recommended,623940,35015005,Posted: 16 September,all,п и к а н т н ы й,i just can't believe hussie released content
,Recommended,623940,35017005,Posted: 17 September,all,unconsciousContinuum,"i had low standards coming into this and basically will like anything homestuck related because i'm a mindless sheep. good game though, nice backgrouds and neat artstyle. but, animations are a little choppy in both idle poses and cutscenes. the only glitche i experienced was having the screen uncentered and strife weapons off their shapes. i give it 3.5 hats out of 5"
,Recommended,623940,35004137,Posted: 16 September,all,Sad Cat Gimmie*:･ﾟ✧,"Love this game with all my heart, stays true to what I love about Homestuck and captures the esscence of a genre of game long forgotten by time. Thank you Hussie <3"
,Recommended,623940,35006543,Posted: 16 September,all,seismicSarcasm,unholy heck this game is amazing.awesome soundtrack. actually replayable.buy this game.
76561198358581803,Recommended,623940,35006561,Posted: 16 September,all,kateyglanville,great game - keeps crashing though. help please. im dying here. (crashes alot at the first appearance of Xephos)
,Recommended,623940,35006391,Posted: 16 September,all,Red,"Been waiting for this game since 2012, and was everything I ever wanted from Hiveswap. Needs an update to iron out some glitches, but overral, amazing!"
,Recommended,623940,35006189,Posted: 16 September,all,gabby,"This is definitely one of my new favorite games. I've played it 3 times so far to get all the achievements, and honestly it was enjoyable. The art is super appealing, and the backgrounds all are full of life and detail. Only problems I have are with the cutscenes? They were a little buggy and glitchy at times. The strife sequences were a bit weird too? But they were still entertaining to say the least lolanyways 10/10 luv it give me act 2 pls thx"
,Recommended,623940,35008034,Posted: 16 September,all,0rb!tal,"GREAT art,good story,INCREDIBLE music,and it was worth my time.10/10GG"
,Recommended,623940,35007340,Posted: 16 September,all,大将*,"It's a great start to the story, even if you're not familiar with Homestuck it's very approachable. I'm very excited for the next chapters!A little on the shorter side, though."
76561198089832532,Recommended,623940,35005022,Posted: 16 September,all,Greenik,Do not say that we will have to wait for the second act for 3 more years
,Recommended,623940,34959902,Posted: 14 September,all,spooky stripped human foundation,"Sorta short review:Really fun game, and has a very compelling story (more-so if you've actually read Homestuck, and a lot of stuff, especially with the Trolls, won't make sense if you haven't read it). Although the frames can get a bit choppy, especially in the snake minigame. Overall I would recommend it, worth the price (especially if you're a Homestuck fan) but if you aren't (and for whatever reason you're here) I think it is still enjoyable, although there will be a lot of jokes and references you will miss out on, and certain dialouge may not make sense."
,Recommended,623940,35023935,Posted: 17 September,all,PuppyTheChan,Absolute fun and evrything I would expect from andrew hussie.
,Recommended,623940,35027224,Posted: 17 September,all,unslept_em,I love it.
76561198087741099,Recommended,623940,35023615,Posted: 17 September,all,wholemealToast,"A great game whether or not you've read Homestuck. The writing is great, the art is fantastic, and the visual issues are easily fixed and don't take away from the impact of the finished product. The entire thing feels real in a way a lot of point-and-clicks don't manage."
,Recommended,623940,35023133,Posted: 17 September,all,Eulshy,"A fun game,  if a bit cluttered at times.  Either some puzzles are a bit obtuse, or I am.  But I would recommend waiting until more Acts come out if you're looking for a longer game to play.  I finished in just under two and a half hours, but I didn't stop to touch everything."
76561197987640133,Recommended,623940,35023562,Posted: 17 September,all,Harryolo,"Oh B0i it came out! But is it any good?Yes!But was it really worth the wait? Umm...Ok so let's make this review proper! Good stuff first.Artwork, animated cutscenes and style are great.Characters seem intresting so far.There is about 1500 diffrent text responses you can get by interacting with masses of items giving you more insight on characters thought or their lives.AMAZING soundtrack. Really soundtrack is good. Filthy Nuclear Bunker is probably my favorite.Lot of refrences and ;) to webcomic fans.Lot of 90's refrences. Only 90 kids will remember this, yeah screw this meme.Now the bad stuff. :/It's relatively short comparing the price to amount of time you need to finish the game. If you rush it you could finish it in hour. It took me with a bit of exploring, interacting, easter egg hunting and getting stuck at least once about 2,5-3hours to finish it.Lot of people are reporting problems with cutscenes atm, where they will freeze and then jump instantly to scene after cutscene.The idle and character animation isn't really that much smooth, altough this could fall under style choice. It still kinda hurt my eyes as I could count the amount of frames it consisted of with my eyes,You will not understand lot of references unless you read comic.Sometimes you might get stuck with a puzzle, and tips won't really help you figure out how to get unstuck. about 50% of times when I got stuck the solution turned out to be inspecting everything in sight. There is also thing with flashlight batteries, where just stupid amount of people get stuck on obvious puzzle, just becouse the place on a certain thing didn't look like something you can interact with.The goddemn radio battery socket.I really, really disliked the snake puzzle. I just felt bit slaped on the face when i saw that after having a budget of 2,5 milions to create this game they decided to put in for some reason just snake minigame instead of actual puzzle. Shame. But then again it's probably just me complaining. But it really did feel like the weakest and most unnecessary puzzle in game.To finish this up my honest thought and opinion. Game took way tolong to make and feels like it should be at least half longer considering time and budget. It felt like it ended where it should really start but that's ok since next acts are on the way and at least it didn't end with a clifhanger. Which really brings me a relieve since we have no idea when 2nd act is coming out. Overall game felt more like a demo of a game than actual act.1. Although to be fair it felt like really well made, advanced and prepared demo. Game does certainly have potential as a series, and biggest problem I had with the game was the fact that it ended a little bit too quickly. First achivment you get in game pretty much foreshadows that.Overall good game, but next acts need to be kinda longer to justify the price/wait. If you like adventure/puzzle games you will probably have a lot of fun ignoring the length. If you are Homestuck you probably already bought it.I give Hiveswap with a honesty a 413/720 which is around 7/10. It's well made, but ends way too soon. I look forward to next acts, and I hope some things will be improved."
,Recommended,623940,34984581,Posted: 15 September,all,null_,give it another 5 years to fix the bugs if you're not getting the game because of glitches
,Recommended,623940,35012868,Posted: 16 September,all,Toontyler,"tbh it was alright just too short for waiting 5 years for, just hope the other acts are a lot longer. It's only 8 dollars so yeah I'd say it's worth"
76561198141210594,Recommended,623940,35012741,Posted: 16 September,all,ultraqueer,"had a little trouble with the cutscenes, but still a really great game! very fun and cute"
76561198152804975,Recommended,623940,35012511,Posted: 16 September,all,sherygoodwin,"It's a great game for me I'm in the loop with homestuck  but if I was out of the loop it would still be enjoyable game to play and having a great thing of 90s nostalgia, fun game mechanics, and great story telling. It's a fantastic game. and if your reading this I hope you bought it but the only thing I have to say is that there will be a lot of waiting for the next part of the story because Andrew hussie and whatpumpkin? Will take time there time making it but all that means is that it's going to be very polished so do not worry and just have a fun time playing"
,Recommended,623940,35014363,Posted: 16 September,all,SixthHero,You never truly stop being a Homestuck and this game is the perfect reminder of everything you loved about the comic. Well written and beautifully animated with a great soundtrack and lots of clever puzzles (without all the weird time stuff). Hoping the rest of the series can keep the pace.
76561198413634259,Recommended,623940,35017718,Posted: 17 September,all,mangopuds,"As a huge fan of Homestuck I was super excited to play this game! Unfortunately, the game stops loading for me at the first cutscene. Looking online, this has happened to several other players as well. Hopefully this will get fixed very soon?"
76561198094027997,Recommended,623940,35017745,Posted: 17 September,all,PuckishHero,"After playing through the game, my thoughts. The art is very good and the music is pretty good as well. So far the game is pretty good and and was good for what it was im very looking forward to the second act of HiveSwap."
,Recommended,623940,35020553,Posted: 17 September,all,Rawkoi,"It's about two hours of content if you go through at a reasonable pace, but it'll be about 4 hours if you take the time to click through all the possible dialogues. Every single square centimeter is packed with a level of quality and care you don't see very often."
,Recommended,623940,35021777,Posted: 17 September,all,spoopytz,finally a true homestuck expirence
,Recommended,623940,35020796,Posted: 17 September,all,Snepsiman,"Pretty dang good, about as Homestuck-y as you'd expect. A little bit of graphical bugginess, like the screen being pushed to a side, or additional scenes appearing off to the side when they haven't been interacted with.For the length, its about 3-4 hoursish. Worth the $8 price in my opinion, but don't expect future acts to be free"
76561198043227027,Recommended,623940,35007852,Posted: 16 September,all,Ren Hayakuchi,im already crying i cant wait for hiveswap act 6 act 6 intermission 5
76561198392418491,Recommended,623940,35019518,Posted: 17 September,all,Riplin_Veraku,"this game has ruined my life but it was rewardingThis what i like from the game:- the story is interactive- the characters are great (except the empress heiress, i despise her very much)- joey dancing- frohike & byers- big doggo- joey hatred for jude's pogs- sloth- deercat"
,Recommended,623940,35034727,Posted: 17 September,all,luner,vary good game only bad thing is that it's an act bast game and when you beat this game it leaves you wanting more but you have to wait for act 2 but for the first act it's good may be 3 to 4 hours worth of gameplay and story X:D
,Recommended,623940,35034232,Posted: 17 September,all,webmobster,"Funny, short and fun."
,Recommended,623940,35024329,Posted: 17 September,all,Tembro,"I'm not a fan of homestuck but this game is still great, eventhough this game does have so slow moments, the visuals are stunning, the characters are likable and relatable. This game is so packed full of charm, style and atmosphere. This isnt just a game that you can waltz on through and expect the best expericance, you have to emerce your self and apreciate the finer details, and I know that kind of game is not for everybody."
,Recommended,623940,35034948,Posted: 17 September,all,Banjo-Fella,"I adore this game! The writing is hilarious - full of clever wordplay and pigeon antics and witty dialogue, but it also delves into some affecting subject matter (absent parents, classism, toxic friendships) with sincerity and sensitivity. The characters are really lovable, especially the main playable character Joey and a certain sport-loving butler boy. The soundtrack is terrific, with loads of catchy beats and haunting melodies - if you loved Undertale's music you'll be well at home here since Toby Fox co-composed! The backgrounds are absolutely gorgeously drawn, and they complement the writing by giving you a strong sense of the characters’ lives and interests. The character designs and animations are just as wonderful – Joey’s nervous fidgeting, peppy tapdancing, and acrobatic pirouetting are endlessly cute ‘n charming. The animations have a snappy, bold, keyframe-heavy style – maybe some extra in-between drawings could have been added here and there, but given how enormously time-consuming hand-drawn animation is I understand why they used their frames economically. It already looks gorgeous and communicates the characters’ personalities perfectly anyway!Don’t feel discouraged if you’ve never read Homestuck - you don’t need any knowledge of the comic to enjoy Hiveswap since the story is so far self-contained and set years before Homestuck’s events. Long-time fans will find tons of subtle Homestuck references hidden throughout the game, some just for fun, others filling in characters’ pasts and adding an extra layer of intrigue.My only complaint is that there’re a few minor bugs and typos at the time of writing, but these will all likely be patched by WhatPumpkin soon. The most bothersome one is a resolution/camera-panning hiccup that can appear the first time you launch the game, but it’s easy to fix since the bug seems to disappear for good if you relaunch the game after changing your resolution settings.Overall I give Hiveswap five out of five transuniversal tapdance teens… I can’t wait for Act 2!"
,Recommended,623940,35034695,Posted: 17 September,all,grimdarkprince,I have enjoyed the very every moment of my playthrough.
76561198140504352,Recommended,623940,35034913,Posted: 17 September,all,LivTC,"This game manages to be simultaneously fantastically nostalgic for anyone who's read Homestuck, and completely approachable and fun for anyone who hasn't. 100% worth giving $50 of my 8th grade Christmas money to kickstart this back in 2012."
76561198300851039,Recommended,623940,35034841,Posted: 17 September,all,grimAuxiliatrix,"I absolutely loved the humor and music in this game!! The art style was also gorgeous, and the gameplay was engaging and fun, i would recommend it to anyone, even if you haven't read homestuck :)"
,Recommended,623940,35034584,Posted: 17 September,all,marchgarden,I NEED MORE
,Recommended,623940,35014794,Posted: 16 September,all,Trieh,"If you liked Homestuck at all, especially the first 4 chapters, this is your jam. If you thought the last half was slow as hell, this is still your jam."
76561198039483519,Recommended,623940,35014811,Posted: 16 September,all,"GO BEYOND, PLUS ULTRA!","Proof that Hussie still owns my soul and my♥♥♥♥♥In all seriousness, while the first act was short, I enjoyed it greatly."
,Recommended,623940,35024606,Posted: 17 September,all,Lux,"Fantastic music, characters, and the right amount of references to the comic that it doesn't seem overdone. The story is definitely promising, with a few important themes. Thoroughly looking forward to future installments."
76561198348701730,Recommended,623940,35024610,Posted: 17 September,all,owlqueen321,"After so much time waiting for the release of this game and all of the hype and delays, i can definitely say this game was worth the wait for me. The soundtrack is amazing, the visuals are beautiful, and the dev team worked so hard after all of the setbacks they had. This game is cheery and adorable but also has the subtle dark themes that stay true to the homestuck universe. I can't wait to find out more about how trolls live and how xefros and dammek interact. Though the wait was long, i was not dissapointed."
76561198014198833,Recommended,623940,35024265,Posted: 17 September,all,gregglesaurus,"You had me at Puppy Surprise.This game has so much heart and feeling in it! It's like Undertale in that regard - a game that actually makes you feel something.I love the bedroom scene, with the orange/purple sky, and the clouds slowly drifting created this feeling of being in a magical world. I seriously love the little nuances and attention to detail in the art. I love Joey's little tapdance!Looking forward to Act 2!!"
,Recommended,623940,35024425,Posted: 17 September,all,Lord_Of_Void,This game is the game i have waited for ages for and it certainly lives up to the hype
76561198093658804,Recommended,623940,35023837,Posted: 17 September,all,ichwitoek,"Well, it's finally here. This game has been through STUFF, alright. Alleged theft of kickstarter money. Overestimated budgets. Development of this game was restarted twice. It took, what, four years or something for this thing to release? Point is: I've been wanting to play this game for a long time. One question remains, though: Does it hold up to half an eternity of being hyped up as ""The Homestuck Game""?Let's look at the facts. Or the opinions, I guess.PRESENTATION: 4.5/5The game is beautiful, both visually and acoustically. Though much of the soundtrack isn't usually the kind of music I personally enjoy, the game was definitely pleasing to look at and listen to throughout. Not much else to say on the matter. I'm not really a stickler when it comes to presentation, but I can see that HIveswap's Music and Art team did their best, which is definitely enough in my book.STORY, WRITING, CHARACTERS: 5/5If there's one thing people should read Homestuck for, it's probably the music I mean come on the music's great go listen to it right now. But if there's TWO things, the second one is definitely the characters. Hiveswap, in my opinion, lives up to its legacy here. Which is fascinating, because there's really only a handful of characters in Act 1!As for the writing, there are lots of great jokes in Hiveswap. If you're going to play it for that, though, remember to combine all of the things, as this is where most of the humor is stashed away.GAMEPLAY: 1/5Look, I'll be honest: Hiveswap is easily one of the worst Point and Clicks I've ever played, gameplay-wise. This is mainly due to one thing: Lack of Difficulty.The game is super easy. Some What Pumpkin employees must've thought they were making a modern FPS, because this game has so much handholding it's not even funny. Here's a little taste of what awaits you in Act 1: Throughout the entire game, you are required to combine items in your inventory ONCE. There's dozens of situations where just LOOKING at a problem tells you how to solve it.If a What Pumpkin employee reads this (which is highly unlikely, but still), PLEASE, for the love of gog, MAKE ACT 2 MORE DIFFICULT. This is embarassing.Also, make it longer. You can beat the game within two hours, even if you don't know what you're doing.These issues go hand-in-hand, and they both seriously need fixing.OVERALL: 3.5/5 Hats, to keep it realDespite all my nagging about the lack of difficulty, I still thoroughly enjoyed Act 1 of Hiveswap. In spite of all its gameplay-focused shortcomings, I don't think gameplay is what most people want from this game. But as for me, I just... I really, REALLY want Act 2 to be enjoyable by a wider audience.If you're a fan of Homestuck, it's a must-have. If you want an extremely short and easy, but cleverly written game, the game is also recommendable.But if you're looking for a Point and Click Adventure where this cleverness extends to the gameplay as well? Hiveswap Act 1 is just not for you. Go read Problem Sleuth instead."
,Recommended,623940,35018761,Posted: 17 September,all,Acanthus Mollis,"An absolutely beautiful game, with fantastic writing which can handle humour and tragedy with ease even within the same sentence, a simple but fun gameplay and so many things to click on and combine. You can truly try any combinattions of items and get a unique text, whether it is a joke or some trivia about the characters. All characters are wonderful and I love them all, by the way. There are a few glitches in the game, particularly the cutscenes freezing is a major problem to get the story, but I'm sure it will be patched soon if it haven't been already. 5/5, absolutely recommended."
76561198115220495,Recommended,623940,34961961,Posted: 14 September,all,Rippertear,"It was a pretty good game. Would've liked if it was longer. Will be looking forward to Act 2.Edit- Achievement hunting and noticed there were no extra lines beyond basic observation for the stuffed animal outpatient clinic. A slight mistake, and I didn't notice anything else missing lines, but just the tiniest bit disappointing nonetheless. Should be an easy fix, though, so I imagine it'll be fixed soon enough."
,Recommended,623940,35027412,Posted: 17 September,all,AngelDracon,"Ahh this was worth the wait! The visuals and animation are absolutely stunning, the story line funny, intriguing, and mysterious. The only bad thing about this game is we don't know went Act 2 is coming out <3"
,Recommended,623940,35024926,Posted: 17 September,all,m00gz,"I finished this game within a day though, so here's what you can expect in this game:Pros:- Overall gameplay is just a simple click and point puzzle game, recommended to take a chill pill and enjoy discoveing the surroundings around your characters (even in battle mode, or strife mode to be exact?).- Game artworks and animations is very high quality and gives ya nice eyecandy.- The music is nice btw, recommended to buy their OST too- Game plot and storyline (along with the descriptions for each clickable events) would give you a nice laugh and enjoyment.- This hits quite a home to former Homestuck series fans though (which i still haven't read it till the end yet lmao).Cons:- Only 2-3 hours of gameplay though.- Some game cutscenes might be laggy or worse, stuck on a frame until the end of cutscene, so you might won't get to enjoy them fully. (I believe this happened on some decent computers, like mine. Even options didn't give much to tweak it. Hopefully the devs will find a way to fix this)- I got lost on first time playing this, so you might have to figure out your own to interact with all the buttons without any tutorials (but if they do please tell me).- Although this gives a homage to Homestuck fans, new fans might got confused to some terms. (like Lusus, Rustbloods, etc.) They do have explanations about the terms in general but you dont wanna spoil them by reading the wikipedia about that term (that possibly gives spoilers about the universe itself) yes?Overall I rate it 8/10, its really nice to play it again if they can fix the cutscene issues. :')"
76561198053365492,Recommended,623940,35073534,Posted: 19 September,all,TomBrony,"If you are NOT a fan of Homestuck or have no idea what it is. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.Hiveswap will pretty much only please the fans of the Webcomic. Non-fans will be very disapointed otherwise, unless you end up liking the comedy and artwork.Gameplay:Hiveswap is pretty much for the ACT 1, a ok game, I only came across the UI and Resolution glitch when I played it, which you only need to reopen the game to fix.The gameplay was pretty much ok for a Point and Clicker. But I do wish there were more animations for interactions and for when your character is chatting with another on the last part of the game. I tihnk there could be some good comedy.I wish there could have been more puzzle solving in this First ACT. They are not very hard or very easy.Performace: This game could use a small Hot-fix, there are soem moments where the game takes a bit too much to load, which only happened at the start and I didn't even noticed after it.Art: That is very much one of the best parts of the game. What Pumpkin Studio had put a lot of attention on the art and animation, looking pretty good at some times.Story: There is some cute nods to the Webcomic at the first part of this act, but i ahve to admit that seeing Alternia (or at least this version of it) was pretty good, and also to meet other Trolls that weren't the main 12 and their Ancestors."
76561198239554246,Recommended,623940,35073697,Posted: 19 September,all,tawnyaninjacat,"this was amazing!!! and well worth the wait. it brings back the days of homestuck but it also carries itself on its own. like i  find myself unable to think of homestuck and hiveswap as one even though i know theyre in the same universe. and i think thats really good!! especially because new people will want to join!! the music is amazing, the classic homestuck humor is there, theres MILLIONS of possibilities when it comes to writing/info on your surroundings. the art is a m a z i n g (nice switch from 3d to 2d) it really shows just how artistic the homestuck fandom and homestuck in general is and had become. when you think of homestuck you think of the art and my god does it deliver.waiting 5 years for this was totally worth it and even if you havent read homestuck i recommend this game! the only bad thing i have to say about it is the clicking to move somewhere. i wish we could use arrow keys instead of continously clicking but its not gonna make you not want to play. also the puzzles can be challenging but thats probly just me not being able to piece it together in time :Pdefinitely going back and unlocking all the achievements once i have time!!amazing game!! i cant wait for act 2!!its so exciting to have the homestuck universe in my life again!! thank you what pumpkin for all your hard work!!"
,Recommended,623940,35083161,Posted: 20 September,all,Gaymergrl,god when i played this i cried tears of happiness. 5 years in homestuck 3 of which were waiting for this god damned game to fill the homestuck shaped hole in my heart and boy did it deliver
,Recommended,623940,35082088,Posted: 20 September,all,mysticFlax,"One of the best games I have ever and will ever play. It has a brilliant story so far and so many referances to the bible: HOMESTUCK, as well as other shows and products. Overall 11/10 125% pretty much the best game ever."
76561198245403968,Recommended,623940,35083726,Posted: 20 September,all,ciffy,"Really, really good."
,Recommended,623940,35055305,Posted: 18 September,all,Social Exile,"A beautiful game, even if you aren't into Homestuck!! The jokes are incredibly amusing, the characters have so much depth and...well, CHARACTER! And every little location is so unique, you just want to LIVE. EVERYWHERE. Well, maybe not everywhere, but yeah, the locations are awesome. And the music!? Gosh...it's definitely something. Has me using my TERRIBLE AND PROBABLY UNFITTING DANCE ABILITECH all the time. Honestly, while a few other people may give the game 1 and a half hats, to keep it real, I'd give it five, because for a relatively short game, it's definitely worth the 8 boondollars, or 12, if you bought the SOUNDTRACK EDITION, which in my opinon, is the best version. (however, if you REALLY want to show support, buy them seperately, as you give What Pumpkin more money to develop Act 2 ;) ) Okay but, THE PUZZLES!!! Jeez, where to begin. They're really great, and I love how much it messes with your PUZZLER SKILLSET!! THAT'S surely something to look forward to in both Act 1 and Act 2(no matter how many sweeps we may need to wait). Wait, did I mention the STORY?? because that's rad(iation(im sorry toby)) as well. Just seeing it develop, seeing how the characters interact in the Walkielogs, the Pesterlogs(or...Trolllogs??? Who knows. I sure don't. I don't have a CLEVER & CREATIVE TERM ABILITECH in my TECHNICHE okay that's enough yelling), it's just...amazing. For lack of better words that I can come up with. And (redacted due to possible spoilers, as it's a late-ish-game character)....he's really something. He's just so precious I would adopt him as my son the instant I met him. Okay that's probably enough rambling about this amazing game heck I have a tendency to do that. :pAlso, OddGentlemen, if by some MiRaClE you're reading this: heck you for stealing the money and using it on King's Quest. However, that may have been for the best as the 2D version is a lot more alive, vibrant, and full compared to the 3D version. The however-long wait was worth it though...Still, heck you OddGentlemen.As a Homestuck, I'm excited to see the fandom [S] Wake (hehe) and I'm also excited to see a new fandom be developed from such a great game!! Just thought I'd put in a lil comment real quick."
76561198080488614,Recommended,623940,34959477,Posted: 14 September,all,Yashi97,"I did actualy play the game, but I give it 1.5 hats out of 5 hats to keep it real."
76561198422566142,Recommended,623940,35211892,Posted: 25 September,all,lesserdogthefallen,yes
76561198254214139,Recommended,623940,35216418,Posted: 25 September,all,sierraw2011,we are all homestuck again
,Recommended,623940,35210131,Posted: 25 September,all,AAAAAA,"hiveswap act 1 is a good start to a storyyeah. a start. a beginning. it's short. short like ""felt way too abrubt when it ended"". unfortunately.and that ""unfortunately"" is there because it's actually good. the story is good so far, the music is nice like in homestuck,(oh yeah it's a homestuck game, if you don't know what that means, go find out, you'll regret it in the best way possible)aand the gameplay itself is what you'd expect from a point and click adventure game I guess? some puzzles (those goddamn batteries) did take some time, but I don't think that's the game's fault.so yeah.iz gud game. I do recommend it even if you don't care about homestuck. it stands well on its own"
,Recommended,623940,35205657,Posted: 25 September,all,sophiekudo,"Loved the art and the music! It was magical, every aspect of it. I just wish it was longer <3"
76561198083059755,Recommended,623940,35211665,Posted: 25 September,all,HeroOfTime,My soul can finally be put to rest. Thank you Hussie. Thank you What Pumpkin.
,Recommended,623940,35211558,Posted: 25 September,all,Calson Jonvin,"This was a great first act in my opinion, it established the main gameplay mechanics and some of the main characters. It might have been a little expensive for its length but from what I've seen of other people's playthroughs there are alot of different interactions to be had if you just take the time to look for them. Can't wait for the next part! Hope it comes out soon."
,Recommended,623940,35211837,Posted: 25 September,all,Marton,"Compressed version of Homestuck as a point-and-click adventure game, the first episode atleast. If you like these type of games you should play it, even if you are not familiar with Homestuck. It has it's own story, the artstyle is great and detailed. And the music is good too. The UI can be a bit tricky though."
,Recommended,623940,35211848,Posted: 25 September,all,|xXHYBRIDXx|Eridan,it good want more pls when release act 2
76561198406455657,Recommended,623940,35224665,Posted: 26 September,all,dpp54103,Simply amazing! It’s everything I assumed it would be!
76561197984518261,Recommended,623940,35208530,Posted: 25 September,all,RoyalistBlue,"Well, after going through the game I can say without a doubt it's a joy. Though the intro is rather abrupt and the game is woefully short, it definitely conveys the world of Homestuck very well. Though not unexpected, it retains much the humor and silliness from the comic, and you will find that if you enjoyed Homestuck you will absolutely find joy in this."
,Recommended,623940,35217850,Posted: 26 September,all,Knuf Wons,"Hiveswap! The game we Homestuck readers have been waiting for since the 90s (or at least that's what it feels like). What can I say? It's utterly enjoyable. 10/10 would put birb in microwave again. In all seriousness, this is a short game. It felt, fittingly enough, like the first act in a longer game. If you focus on solving the puzzles, you can easily beat this in 2 to 4 hours, tops. But one quickly discovers that this isn't the kind of game where getting to the end is the main focus; instead, so much care and focus has been put into the journey that you can spend half a day combining every item you see and still find something to make you laugh. Strong but not overbearing connections to the source material? Check. Unique characters with fascinating quirks? Check. The greatest and bravest pigeon of all? ABSOLUTELY. I mean, DANG SON, those were some fine avians. OK, time to fax this pigeon somewhere else! This game is wonderfully humorous, and you can combine pretty much everything with pretty much everything else and there's a unique splash of text for 99.95% of those combinations. Most of those splashes of text are side-splittingly funny. If you want a good laugh and a relaxing trip down high-adventure lane, with great tunes thrown in to boot, this is absolutely the game for you. The puzzles are not challenging. The challenge is seeing how many stupid things you can do before being forced to continue through process of elimination."
76561198320373175,Recommended,623940,35143275,Posted: 22 September,all,pink_nerd14,great game!8/10 - could've had more birds
76561198107238066,Recommended,623940,34961932,Posted: 14 September,all,The Funsized Asian,All of the potential. All of it.
76561198214671741,Recommended,623940,35194949,Posted: 24 September,all,[AA] averageArcher,"10/10 as a homestuck fanboy,the music was great, perfectly along the lines of the original homestuck soundtrack and even similar to Undertale's soundtrack.The visuals were highly reminiscent of the 90's, lots of goofy clutter you can interact with in different ways, sometimes to progress in the story.I beat it in 11 hours, but there is so much to explore, you could do it faster or way slower.It is only act 1, of an ongoing story. A running thing in homestuck is that every act is a bit longer than the last, but i dont know if that will the case here. I'm more than down to buy every act of this game individually, regaurdless."
,Recommended,623940,35188428,Posted: 24 September,all,✿Suburban✿,"The animation, art style, and gameplay are all really engaging. It's what Homestuck should've been from the beginning, honestly.My only complaint is that act 1 was super short, and it cuts out right where it's getting interesting"
,Recommended,623940,35190585,Posted: 24 September,all,hoog...,good stuff......
76561198066860699,Recommended,623940,35190541,Posted: 24 September,all,tierghan csgo-raffle.com,Is Good
,Recommended,623940,35159510,Posted: 23 September,all,Dreampt3,"This game was exactly what I expected, amazingly drawn and the sound track was absolutely perfect. Wish we had act 2 already."
,Recommended,623940,35155001,Posted: 23 September,all,~{A♋T}~ SlayerJuan,"Great art, great music, great characters, great story.Being a huge fan of Homestuck adds a lot to it too, but it's also not required to enjoy the experience. Loving this so far and can't wait for the rest of the acts."
,Recommended,623940,35156365,Posted: 23 September,all,Hex,"This game is priced perfectly, though I would have payed more.Whether or not you like Homestuck (the franchise that inspired this game), I would recommend this to anyone who loves oddball humour, 90's nostalgia (and consequently the self-aware humour of 90's nostalgia being kind of overplayed), gorgeous hand-animated visuals, and incredible attention to detail.The characters are loveable and charming even if you so choose to play them antagonistically.The game rewards you constantly for being creative or curious, instead of scolding you for not solving the puzzle like other games of it's kind. Nothing is perfect, and this game is no exception. It can't appeal to people who just aren't into it, but a pretty wide margin of people will be charmed if they take a chance and play.My only complaints are that despite it's great replay value, it's still pretty short even with three playthroughs.Furthermore (and this is understandable), the fact that so many things are interactable with one-another, makes it more dissapointing than it would be when you find a combination that the developers didn't think of, and don't get a witty remark about it.This game is absolutely worth beating, I would posit that it's even worth trying to complete it 100% (Though, the final achievement is tied to playing it's sequel and isn't obtainable at the present).Hiveswap is a delightful experience, and I could hardly have enjoyed it more."
,Recommended,623940,35162754,Posted: 23 September,all,T.w² | PikaCHU,"Ive waited for this game for YEARS, and it was worth it!"
,Recommended,623940,35159063,Posted: 23 September,all,Dipshiz,this is one of the best games ive played but the puzzles had me bamboolzed some times
76561198093791802,Recommended,623940,35160960,Posted: 23 September,all,MojoJojo,"I love this game! The music, animation, and overall feel of the game is perfect. If you're wondering if you should buy it, do it."
76561198045583134,Recommended,623940,35295696,Posted: 29 September,all,Lily the Lucky,"So let's get the fandom ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t out of the way. This game is exactly what I imagined a homestuck game to be and I loved it. That said this game is in no way just for MSPA fans. It does a good job of introducing new players both to the universe of Homestuck and to the world of click adventure games. I'll be honest, I've never been a fan of point and click mechanics but Hiveswap does a brilliant job. The puzzles are neither obvious nor excruciatingly challenging (though I did get stuck in a spot for a while) so newcomers to point and clicks have a welcoming game to play around in. (Also what have you been doing with your life they're point and click adventure games????) The universe of homestuck is explained through bits and pieces that don't bore fans but also slowly introduce newcomers into the world. The music is fantastic and the characters are adorable and it's got that homestuck sense of humor we all love. I just wish it had come out sooner and I wish it was longer for the wait. Still, 3 hours well spent."
,Not Recommended,623940,34957974,Posted: 14 September,all,Nern Guan,"I just want to say, I've retyped this a million times and I'm just not sure how to really feel about this game.I had very high expectations for it due to being a 2.5 million kickstart and being from Andrew Hussie, but this was just disapointing..First off the backgrounds and everything artwise is amazing but the cut sences are choppy. Everything is 30 fps, which makes anything moving look as if they're constantly lagging. Also, moving around with only the mouse is fine, but going up and down stairs is a hassle without keyboard function.The game has a slow begining which it didn't start to really pick up tillyou are transported onto Alterniabut after that the game ends within 30 minuets of actual game. Which this honestly really pisses me off, because I spent 8 dollars expecting at the very least 4-5 hours of game play, but most of the actual game play was an hour at most... The entire game is mostly filler dialogue while clicking things.I personally spent about an hour searching for the attic key because I was impaintent and couldn't figure out what I needed to do. But it was mostly because I skimmed the dialogue I needed to actually pay attention to. Which makes this even worse time wise because this was basically a 2 hour game for myself if I don't include the hour of pure anger searching.A lot of issues with achievements as well, after giving up on finding the key I saved and quit and upon playing the game, any achievements I was suppose to earn I didn't recieve. I finished this act completly with only the begining 4 achievements. I looked up the list of them, it appears I should have earned up to 5 more just by progression..  Which mostly what gave this away was whenyou change to jude and I didn't get the achievement for just being himI will most likely add more to this review, I  have high hopes for this game and since there are 3 more acts I will hope that Andrew will listen and try fixing a few issues... I mostly would like to see the graphics changed.But honestly, I was really hoping to play this longer than it lasted.. There is nothing more I can really do with it now, Hiveswap Act 1 will just sit in my library because I have gotten all the game play available out of it, and I just find that very disapointing."
,Recommended,623940,35285554,Posted: 29 September,all,C4R73R,Not enough Jude.
,Recommended,623940,35326245,Posted: 30 September,all,MrLukaPlays,I tried reading Homestuck a few years ago but lost my place and gave up.This game makes me want to restart.Take that as you will...
76561198422627384,Recommended,623940,35319304,Posted: 29 September,all,lovecullyginlots13,Really enjoyed! puzzles were not too hard and not too easy. joey and xefros are too cute!!
,Recommended,623940,35343811,Posted: 30 September,all,IAmTheDrama,beautiful game! being a homestuck fan this made my month! cant wait for act 2!
,Recommended,623940,35344252,Posted: 30 September,all,Domm Dynamite,Absolutley love it! Can't wait until the next act. I wish this was longer!!!  For anyone familiar with Homestuck I think you will find a lot to love here! Even if you are not familiar you don't have to be to enjoy this! If you want a good story click adventure this is the game for you!
76561198186579823,Recommended,623940,35346245,Posted: 30 September,all,CommunalHydra,Love the game so far!
76561198313054773,Recommended,623940,35359900,Posted: 30 September,all,Krumpy-J,I just beat this game it was really fun i cant wait for act 2!
76561198098495649,Recommended,623940,35359393,Posted: 30 September,all,Shimmer_Wolf,This game was a lot more than I expected. It felt like I was getting into homestuck all over again after it ending awhile ago. The fact that it's in the same universe but with different characters makes me really happy. I would reccomend homestuck fans playing this. The graphics are utterly beautiful with that touch of sillyness that Hussie puts in. The trolls in here are honestly great??? 10/10The only complaints I have is it kept crashing and if you forget to save and it crashes well you'll have to play it all over again but it'll go by pretty fast since it is a short act 1.I honestly can't wait for the next game! This one was really fun!
76561198137873517,Recommended,623940,35356768,Posted: 30 September,all,Kelzo,Hell yeah
76561198208940153,Recommended,623940,35358565,Posted: 30 September,all,pchin001,"This delightful game is full of great humor, gorgeous art, and a popping soundtrack. I only got the first few pages or so of Homestuck and wasn't patient enough to continue it before playing this, but even then I fell in love with the world built around Hiveswap and its characters. I can't wait to proceed to Act 2, and would highly recommend people to give this game a try :)"
,Recommended,623940,35356869,Posted: 30 September,all,Diey105,"It may be short, but I don't blame them.It was an awsome game and I can't wait till the next act!"
,Recommended,623940,35333180,Posted: 30 September,all,que sera,bucket
,Recommended,623940,35355582,Posted: 30 September,all,Adam,i love this game so much PLEASE put out act 2 relatively soon i NEED it
,Recommended,623940,35355962,Posted: 30 September,all,mvs,Buckle up
,Recommended,623940,34971648,Posted: 15 September,all,WORLD OF DOGS,Thank you Hussie for my life
,Recommended,623940,35351349,Posted: 30 September,all,mavi,this game is AMAZING!! 10/10 would die for Xefros
,Recommended,623940,35336408,Posted: 30 September,all,Cabbage,"Great point and click game. The unique interactions between almost every combination of item and situation makes the game a lot less frustrating, which is common in a lot of point and click games. The story is great and the characters are lovable. It seems accessible enough to people who haven't read homestuck. It's probably a gateway drug for all i know.As of September 30, there are some typos and weird iteractions with the animal book. devs pls fix"
76561198140932134,Recommended,623940,35347950,Posted: 30 September,all,Zeron,"I'm so happy that this game finally came out. It's great to see the references to Homestuck and to learn more about the  universe at the same time. On it's own it's also a very good game, although point and click isn't my favorite."
,Recommended,623940,35234241,Posted: 26 September,all,Joseph,"I say this not as a Homestuck fan, but a fan of Point and Click adventure games.Despite it's unfortunately short length (Just over two hours), this was one of the best point and click adventure games I've ever played, bringing back memories of the original three Monkey Island games and Day of the Tentacle.The interface reminds me a bit of Beneath a Steel Sky, having the items on top laid out in the way they are, though any reminders of that masterpiece are certainly appreciated.Aside from the feel the game gives off, being ever so reminiscent of the aforementioned games, the actual game itself is actually a bit simpler. The puzzles are all fairly simple, and the advertised 'homage to classic adventure games while lacking the frustration' is true, save for a single instance, with the second version of a certain minigame, where the undesired letters would spawn immediately in front of me and I wouldn't have the chance to react (I won't offer any context to that for sake of spoilers), though it still took me less than five minutes to do.The humor doesn't rely at all on knowledge of the comic, though the style of humor is very similar, if a bit less wordy, removing one of the huge barriers of entry the comic has.I can see myself replaying it many times, just to see the stuff I missed, and even beyond that, just because it was a charming and fun experience.All in all, it's a fantastic experience, and I'm glad I picked it up."
76561198289282565,Recommended,623940,35221790,Posted: 26 September,all,alice,"Since I've recently finished reading homestuck I was reeeeaaally pumped for Hiveswap to come out.I bought it right when it released, and I loved it, it's fun and charming, the characters are lovely and the puzzles not too complicated.I'm looking forward to seeing more of it!"
76561198421416900,Recommended,623940,35229175,Posted: 26 September,all,Sera14biki,"Honestly worth the wait! such amazing quality and great content. I did not expect to get attached to the characters this fast or as deep but they're written beautifly, as well  as the way we get to explore their surroundings at such level !the puzles are fun and exsiting as well, it's a really good game."
,Recommended,623940,35231374,Posted: 26 September,all,Barbour,"I did not know this game existed, even though I'm a huge homestuck fan.I Instantly bought it, the moment I saw it.It was so worth it.Game of the year hands down.Rich story and characters with a super interesting twist to old style point and click games.Worth every penny and would pay for it three times over."
,Recommended,623940,35230691,Posted: 26 September,all,Boombox,honkA bIt MoThEr ♥♥♥♥InG lAtE;)
76561198345251986,Recommended,623940,35231455,Posted: 26 September,all,DaNinja,"Maybe you guys should remake Homestuck but in this style where you John and co. can interact with their enviornment much like joey can in hiveswap and still have all the silly and retared stuff from the original Homestuck with the capchalouge the names and ect!! It be really cool if u did it like that because in the original Homestuck it was hard to kepp track what was happening maybe remaking it like hiveswap will give it a good style or view. (P.S. This is my opinion, no one has to agree or make it, just a suggestion)"
,Recommended,623940,35213414,Posted: 25 September,all,Y E E E Z Y,This game is great. I love all of the puzzles and the references to Homestuck!
76561198089053353,Recommended,623940,35392426,Posted: 1 October,all,Ada,been waiting for this game like 5 years and i was not dissapointed. hope the other acts will be longer
,Recommended,623940,35292011,Posted: 29 September,all,Justcatii,This is possibly one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. The hand-drawn scenes go surprisingly well with the characters. The gameplay is just as fun. Nothing like a good old STRIFE for some Homestuck vibes.Worth the wait.
,Recommended,623940,35390052,Posted: 1 October,all,Crowd Control,the funiest♥♥♥♥♥♥is people giving this bad reviews because its too much readingbuddy lemme tell ya this is nothingalso its a primarily text-based game so thats not really a valid complaintanyways 10/10 would shake my fist angerly at langly again
76561198302961291,Recommended,623940,35391920,Posted: 1 October,all,Cyntheshepicone,the new patch made the cutscenes somewhat playable so at least i knew what was going on and i just beat it and all i have to say is im glad i waited so long it was worth it this game was exactly what i hoped it would be just like homestuck i instantly fell in love the more i played it and im very excited for  more i dont care how long i have to wait i love this thankyou to everyone who worked on it and supported it you did an amazing job and i am very happy with this
,Recommended,623940,35390560,Posted: 1 October,all,Some MEEMSTAR in toilet(BecNoir),Im a homestuck fan (you can probably see that). Ever sence it ended i wanted more. Then i heard about this in january i wanted to get but it was delayed i finaly played it and here is what i think about it. Its a great prequel sequel to homestuck with jokes and shenanagans i found references like the plush of the troll looks like the sufferer/the signless. Joey seems like a likeable character Jude is a nerd and conspiracy theorist. and Xefros is a...  dont know how to discribe him althogh all games have there flaws the game was buggy (yes i know its reletively new) and the strifes were a bit pointless but a little enjoyable and a little too short. and if your new to homestuck there is no spoilers (NOTE: this is the first game created by What Pumpkin) but i give a 8/10 I recomend it to homestuck fans and people who have no clue what homestuck is
,Recommended,623940,35416764,Posted: 2 October,all,TomatoNation,Game worth waiting.
76561198281270049,Recommended,623940,35279845,Posted: 28 September,all,Missmay,"that was certaily something. Love the art style. Not to mention the references to Homestuck. I just have one complaint. It's too short and i really dont want to wait for act two, let alone toss nine more bucks into the second part of the game. maybe five. But if it's four parts, i dont think so. I'll stick to youtube. but hey, greatly spent 4 hours. totally reccomend it to other Homestuck fans."
76561198188330626,Recommended,623940,35275206,Posted: 28 September,all,Slobb,I love the idea of this game and would recommend this game for people who like solving puzzles and hard quest with amazing artwork.One of the best games ive ever have played.:)
76561198297333413,Recommended,623940,35274199,Posted: 28 September,all,Spaceprincesslevi,As far as the first 1/4 of games go this is pretty high up there. Im looking forward to playing the rest of hiveswap and hauntswitch!
,Recommended,623940,35281480,Posted: 28 September,all,tickmancer,👍👍👍Act 2 when
,Recommended,623940,35289302,Posted: 29 September,all,Zekh,Cool Homestuck spinoff experience.Too short.WAY too short.
76561198384229495,Recommended,623940,35407704,Posted: 2 October,all,willsolaceyall,good♥♥♥♥♥♥opthanks for making me a filthy homestuck again. i was free for years. i was *free*.
,Recommended,623940,35413935,Posted: 2 October,all,Whitewatt,"Waited months for it and I'm not disappointed.But it's fairly short. My hunger for Act 2 is growing... MORE HIVESWAP, MORE!!"
76561198054994020,Recommended,623940,35424241,Posted: 2 October,all,sweetsharkboss,"""Try Every Item you Have with Everything you See Simulator""I am DEAD Serious!My playtime would had been WAY shorter if I just played the game normally."
76561198769489295,Recommended,623940,35429008,Posted: 2 October,all,itnao22484,amazing and adorable artwork
,Recommended,623940,35432821,Posted: 2 October,all,nurfgang,it was good
,Recommended,623940,35477028,Posted: 4 October,all,CardinalTruncation,I waited years for this. It was worth it. 10/10 Would wait again.
,Recommended,623940,34976291,Posted: 15 September,all,Koriosamii,"Being a big Homestuck fan, I really enjoyed this game, even though you don't need to read HS to understand this game, it does help you to get small references, and I loved all of those. My only problems with the game are its bugs, and the only one of those that I had to deal with was that the cutscenes froze and woudn't play, but What Pumpkin has stated that they are aware of this and other bugs and are working to get them fixed (Edit: They patched the game now and my cutscenes work fine). The only other problem I had was that even though I clicked on a lot of stuff (not every single item interaction, but quite a few of them), and got stuck a few times (nothing major, just me never being super good at puzzles, even though the puzles aren't really that hard, I just needed to think some more) and took a while to think of a name for Xefros' and Dammek's lusii, the game only took me about 4 hours, which isn't terrible, but it did seem a little short. I just really hope that the other acts are longer, and that this is just that short because it's the introductory act. What Pumpkin, if you're reading this, please make the next acts longer than this one, but other than that, I had a really fun time with this game, and am so glad that it's finally out. Although, if you aren't a big HS fan like I am, maybe you should wait until the other acts are released to play this game, due to how short it is. But if you are a big HS fan, then I strongly suggest you buy it, there are so many little references and things that made me smile and laugh, and the characters and places and music are all great as well."
76561198210010549,Recommended,623940,35454997,Posted: 3 October,all,A Few Canadians,it is a verly gud gambe for pley.
,Recommended,623940,35495812,Posted: 5 October,all,The_Weird_Pickle,"just play it, you NEED to feel it"
,Recommended,623940,35502076,Posted: 5 October,all,Entire Equine,"The first thing in at least a year that had me feeling the natural release of Dopamine in my nervous system.Suffers the normal adventure game thing of less-than obvious solutions sometimes, but, most of the time, it's pretty good about telling you what you need to find/do.No spoken dialogue, lots of reading at parts, but it's frequently neccessary to read everything thoroughly to understand what you are supposed to do.Short.  I'm terrible at adventure games, but I finished it in under 2 hours.  Hopefully we won't have to wait ~5 years for the next part.7/10Very well written with lovable characters that make you feel feelings, but almost short enough on content to be not worth it."
76561198232268036,Recommended,623940,35499856,Posted: 5 October,all,BusinessPug,"Great art, cute characters and great music.Its great and worth the wait but i hope the next act wont take that long"
,Recommended,623940,35498817,Posted: 5 October,all,Mr.TeamFortress,"When I thought I was out of the Fandom, they pull me back in."
,Recommended,623940,35495770,Posted: 5 October,all,Leodoz,"HOW SH*T GOESGOOD SH*TStill has the good Homestuck Aspect and some bullsh*tGOD TIDDLY DAMN THE GRAPHICS ARE GOODAndrew Hussie our God made it, of courseAliensAlien love or somesh*tBAD SH*TToo short, just my reaches in my goalsf*cking Alternian romance hits it again! here's a link to know about it, before allwww.mspadventures.comthathts that, its f*ckin enjoiyable and my riything is starting to fail now bye"
,Recommended,623940,35503356,Posted: 5 October,all,Cloud Hunter,"short, fun and good soundtrack."
,Recommended,623940,35504368,Posted: 5 October,all,McSundaeGuy,"I'm already impressed with what's here. Now, to hope that the next Acts will be just as good and won't take a thousand sweeps to arrive."
