user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,627620,31712783,Posted: 12 May,all,Smiler,"This is a game for people who like observation over interaction. The game starts off by giving you the option to place randomly generated plants, plant eating animals, and animal eating animals. Each creature has a bunch of genes they are made of. At first those genes are hidden, but as you place research stations near activity, you reveal the hidden stats and are allowed to modify them for future plants and creatures.After you unlock new genes, you can start placing your own plants and creatures. From there you get to observe how they interact with each other. You can make plants invasive, so that they spread fast and take over, or you can make plants that spread slow but are giants, or giants that spread fast! It's really up to you and what you want to see or experiment with.So far I have really enjoyed watching the enviornment grow and change over time. The graphics may be simple, but the game is definitely enjoyable to watch. Personally I have it running on a second monitor to see what happens over time.  The game is definitely not for everyone, but for those who like to watch a world grow and change, you might want to consider picking this up.PS. The leaderboard is a great addition that compares your world score with other players."
76561198022280120,Recommended,627620,32805879,Posted: 26 June,all,ladyimp,"I've only spent a few hours on this game so far, but it has me quite intrigued.  As of late June, 2017, it is a fairly new game, and the developer has decided to allow the players to do most of the figuring out of how the game's genetics (and other factors) work.  This is very much a ""Sit down and sink your teeth into the mechanics"" kind of game, and it is very, very much focused on genetics, evolution, adaptation, and extinction.You can create plants, herbivores, or carnivores.  You 'earn the right' to control some of their genetics over time, but you can create random individuals without controlled features whenever you like.  Once something starts to survive, especially if it is a plant, well there you go - good luck getting rid of all life in your place again.I really like the study of genetics.  I don't want all the factors explained to me, and I want great depth and complexity.  This game offers me this.For example, plant color.  Sure, the graphics are simple and representative of the genetic differences... but there are visible phenotypic differences.  Some plants are a different color - but there is no ""color"" gene.  It's something else making the change.  And through study and comparison of individuals, I can see where it clearly isn't, and where it probably is... and lo and behold, it is likely from the interplay of two different genes...Such studies entertain me.  Real genetics are as or more complicated than this, and real genetics are not labeled as doing whatever until scientists figure them out - and even then, it is not certain everything has been understood yet.  The game mirrors this well.  I like it.Additionally, once you earn the right to control some genes, you can only partially control them.  Natural variation extends outside of the range you can create. Want to get exceptionally low or high values?  You can start in a direction, but that's the end of the ""intelligent design"" - it's the environment and random happenings that take over.  I have noticed gene values can go negative as well.What does -1.4 ""seed drift"" gene mean?  I don't know yet, but the game has just enough visual detail combined with genetic detail and space for individuals to play out their phenotypes that I think I can puzzle it out.I highly recommend this game for those who want to sink their teeth into a genetic drift and gene function simulator, who want to figure it out from many, many examples instead of being told."
,Not Recommended,627620,31772496,Posted: 15 May,all,Zyvvrict,Great concept!  Unfortunately this game is far from production ready.  Looks more like a school project in progress.  Lacks basic UI fundamentals and uses what looks like placeholder modules.I think the developer is on to something but this could use a lot more work.
,Recommended,627620,31762734,Posted: 14 May,all,Favalava,"MY REVIEW NEEDS TO BE UPDATED . IT REFLECTS THE LAUNCH OF THE GAME . DEVELOPER HAS PATCHED A LOT OF MY CONCERNS .I'm writing this review after my first day of play. I bought this for $6 and it's worth every penny. Overall the game has brought me a lot of joy. I've never had so much fun watching virtual grass grow.Pros : Evolution Sandbox - Predator and Prey - Genetic Manipulation - Trial and Error - Low Involvement . Let it run all day and check on it sometimes - Peaceful - Funny - Passive - Population Graphs of Life TypesCons : - Clunky UI - Can't save species you created - can't look at every species in your world - hard to tell some species apart - little documentation on how to play - VERY DEMANDING ON COMPUTER -Conclusion : Worth the $6 and I'm glad I bought it. I want the developer to be rewarded for their work but I want them to continue the effort because this can easily be worth $40 game with some more features.Please read my full review/This is an evolution sandbox where you create random plants, that feed random herbivores that feed random carnivores. You will spam click to create as many plants as possible because not all will survive or reproduce successfully. Once you have plants growing you can harvest some of their biomass with these devices you place that are stationary on the map. Biomass is currency for buying buildings. There are 3 buildings, the generator, research lab and radar. You will get 1 free generator which you use to snowball all future building costs. Research stations study the species around them and give you species points (Plants, herbivores and carnivores all have their own points) which unlock genetic traits that you can edit.Genetics is a huge part of the selling point of this game. You can create an apex predator, an invasive plant species and herbivores which will eat all plants until their population crashes from short food supply.You can create these species by adjusting a slider with values such as ""Move speed, Turning speed, Growth rate, metabolism, absorption, senses, caution, hunger, reprduction rate, seed drag, seed force""The list goes on.With that said I've pretty much explained the entire game and will tell you that you can learn all mechanics within 30 minutes of play. The game isn't complicated to learn or control but I think beating the game is hard and would require a lot of micromanaging. (beating the game meaning getting a completely sustainable ecosystem with no input from a player)My first day of play:I enjoyed spawning random plants for about 10 minutes while finishing the tutorial. Around 30 minutes in I was starting to research all the genetics for plants. Around an hour in i experimented with different plant variables and was able to create 2 species which were able to reproduce on their own forever, or so I thought. (One species is basically grass and the other was like a tree)Anyways once I had a certain amount of plants and saw the number steadily growing without my input I decided to spawn a couple herbivores.The herbivores reproduced out of control so I started making carnivores to eat them, but only a couple because I learned from my herbivore spawning mistakes. They completely killed a plant species that I custom made and ignored the other one all together. As of this review I've tried recreating the original species but with no success.Anyways the herbivores ate all their food because their population was booming. So they started to die because of this.They also started to die because they carnivore population was booming and eating them.Eventually the system reset because the carnivores ate all the herbivores and then they starved to death. The plants began to grow back.It took around 10 hours for my ecosystem to crash, meaning there were no more herbivores or carnivores in the game. This isn't game over and there really isn't an end to this game. However, I believe that you can beat the game if you're able to make an environment where all Type of Life are able to grow indefinteily without your input.Anyways I woke up to find my ecosystem wiped and I started my 2nd days worth of inputs.This time around I decided to spam plants until my computer couldn't handle it. Which basically meant that there was so much activity on screen that my frames dipped to 3FPS and the overall game world slowed down. There are some workarounds to getting the game to run fast, turn off the sound, turn down the settings and save and reload whenever it gets laggy.I did all of that and managed to see all my plants settle, I then started planning out a slow herbivore with a low hunger and reproduction rate so that they wouldn't grow out of control.Hour 13 : The herbivore population is growing again... added some carnivoresHour 15 : All herbivores and carnivores dead.Hour 16 : Randomly spawn a bunch of plants and herbivoresHour 17 : Herbivores all deadReview Time Hour 18ish --- Sometimes you can get very unlucky with the randomly generated herbivores and they'll just die out because their genes suck. Around this point into the game I've had about 3 hours of solid focused, micromanaging play and it's all been very gratifying.The best part about this game is that I can leave it open on my laptop and place off in the corner of my room and go about my day. I can come back and see meaningful change in the ecosystem. Sometimes I see the error of my ways and sometimes I'm left wondering what happened. Overall, I find the game very rewarding when you check on it from time to time."
,Not Recommended,627620,31732230,Posted: 13 May,all,Errant Nyles,"Good idea, not greatly worked out. First of all, it is a very SIMPLE game mechanic, that will show you basically everything off the first 30 minutes of the game. And that's ""ok"" for the kind of game it is indeed, but when you start to stack up things in bigger numbers there come the issues. On the technical aspect, it is bad designed and does not take advantage of multithreading and other resources. I'm running on a R7 1700  @3,9Ghz and RX580 8GB, my average FPS after plating a thousand plants and some hundreds of creatures were between 5-20 on average, with rare 30+ peaks. Therefore, in the current state of the build I do not suggest it. It looks more like an early access rather than a finished work."
,Not Recommended,627620,31790930,Posted: 16 May,all,Destructively Phased,"This game has a nice idea at it's core. Unfortunately, it is flawed in many key ways that basically make it unenjoyable.First lets talk about bugs:The collision box for the sky box does not work. Moving up to the top of the map causes you to vibrate against it. On at least one map (I haven't test them all) it is possible to move off the map entirely and see down the side. Not even an invisible wall.Fixed by Dev.The UI toggle button doesn't fire once per press. Hold it down and it will flicker, once per frame. To actually toggle the UI you have to either tap the key as lightly as you can, or get lucky that the frame you lift off is a frame where the UI is in the state you want it in.Now, annoyances (minor):Drop down menus won't close when the player doesn't want to interact with them. To close a drop down menu you have to open one of the other menus that isn't a drop down and then close it again.Annoying controls. On the research station and radar there is a single intereaction button, ""upgrade"" and ""Activate forcefield"". Since space is the key for perform action then you'd expect it to activate those buttons, espcially as while your hovering over these machines all other activities the space key can perfrom are disabled. Instead you have to detach the cursor from the camera to click the button. Annoyingly, once you've made the mouse hover over the button, space will now activate it.The slog. This game has a slow start. You need 750 biomass for your first research station. With a generous 10 biomass from your first collector, that's 75 seconds. Now you can increase the rate of collecting. A second collector costs 600. So assuming exactly double the rate from having 2 collectors we're at 60 + 37.5 seconds to get your first research station with 2 collectors. (And that's not counting the fact that your collecting rate drops overtime, without fresh plants).The fact that game punishes you for interacting with your biosphere by lowering ""world efficiency"" when you do interact with it. I am playing an interactive experience, yet I am punished for actually trying to increase the rate at which it does things. Yes, I'll let you parse that through your head.The inability to have more than one save. I don't think need to elaborate this point.Now for the major annoyance. The unbelievable level of obscurity in this game. Yes okay, I'm supposed to figure things out. I did quite well for a few things (like world score or world efficiency), however it would be nice to know what half the genes in the genetic engineering this game proudly boosts as one of it's key features, actually did. Height, root spread, max speed, turning speed. Those are all pretty obvious genes to alter, it makes the plant grow taller or it's roots wider and makes animals move or turn faster.What about absorbtion? Is that absorption of water from the soil or CO2 from the air? How about ""efficiency"" and how does that relate to a plant? More importantly, why am I given a choice as if it pertains to what I think it means (how well a plant manages it's resources) then surely I want to crank that up to 100% all the time, which makes this busy work at best (make a note of this, we're coming back). Cohesion, how does that pertain to animals? Apart from making them resistant to Star Trek diseases that affect cellular cohesion.And that's not taking into account genes that have obvious names (like competitiveness) but you're given very little clues as to how it relates to the biosphere in general, as yes competitive plants will kill off less competitve ones, but what about an ecosystem completely full of competitive plants? Will they all metaphorically strangle themselves to death, or will it be okay?This obscurity around one of the key mechanics is infuriating, as even in an ""explore it for yourself"" style game, one mess of one of these genes could create a species that annihilates your entire biosphere. Not to mention you can have plants that are perfectly fine until they spontaneously combust. And the fact that animals will breed, lay eggs but never hatch. Had that a couple of times with no feedback as to what I was doing wrong. The developer says they want you to experiment, but to experiment you need a hypothesis; and mine begins and end with ""I'm left with a bunch of burned plants and no idea what caused them to spontaneously combust, as it definately wasn't the environment as they made it through midday just fine"".Back to that busy work, in game that actively punishes you for adding things manually there is a surprising amount of stuff that you are required to do that by all rights you shouldn't. For example that efficiency gene from above, if it's entirely beneficial why should I have to manually set it to max? And the science system is a joke, where you only unlock one gene at a time, in a fixed order, but you have to go and manually click the unlock button. I can forgive the generic science buttons, as that has a choice between plants, herbivores and carnivore unlocks, but for the dedicated unlocks, it's unnessecary. Espcially for a key mechanic.Also, the whole thing carries a cookie clicker vibe of using numbers to make numbers go up faster and nothing really to do with those numbers except make other numbers go up faster. Don't believe me? You spawn plants. You place a collector to collect biomass. You use that biomass to make a research station to generate science. Science unlocks a gene called max biomass that increases the biomass you get. The game even hits the ""leave it by itself for a while"" vibe pretty nicely as I got my best score by getting up and getting a drink. Came back, can of coke in hand to find my score had doubled and I'd unlocked two achievements for high efficiency.Finally, I can't rate their story as the method of delivery is so poor. At most I can tell you that you work for a company, and they may be nebulously evil, going from the store page description and some odd dialog in the tutorial. Other than that, occasionally a small green square on a black circle with some text on it will appear on the ground with some text on it. One felt like a sentence from another player confused as to what they were doing, one was a length of random characters in a code and one seemed like a message from the Dev asking for feedback.Oh and if you though that I was going to whale on the GUI and graphics, I won't. I can understand that. It's the general bad ideas in what otherwise could be a good game."
,Recommended,627620,31715015,Posted: 12 May,all,"Causing,Caustic,Calamity","Intelligent design is an interesting simulation and definitely a fine pickup when on sale. Growing a thriving ecosystem has never been so interesting nor intimate before.Taking place far, far away on a desert planet you pilot your remote drone in a small designated area growing plant life with the intent of creating a pocket thriving ecosystem. This of course takes time and effort to balance out. Have you what it takes? That all depends on whether or not you enjoy simulation games coupled with wanting to simply watch the world unfold before your eyes.Drawbacks include a simple genetics scheme and lack of explanation to what the genetics options actually do. It's definitely a game where you just sit back and watch with minimal input to reach a working balance.Experiment. Sit back. Relax. Intelligent design is your personal creation put to work."
76561198025392984,Recommended,627620,32006868,Posted: 27 May,all,Zep Tepi,"Science!This is a game for people who enjoy patiently solving puzzles. Completing all the game objectives is not the end game, it's where the game starts. Once you know how everything works, you spend time trying to develop genetic recipes for plants, herbivores, and carnivores. You can conduct experiments inside the contained forcefields. You tweak the balance until it stays stable. You observe how random mutations either help or hurt the design.I spent an entire day developing my ""stepping stone"" plant recipe. Over the next few hours the plants mutated into taller ""fat candles"" that were better able to stand up to the stresses of wild fires and getting munched on by herbivores. This weekend I've assigned it as a science project for my homeschooled kid.  I haven't figured out how to get the herbivores and carnivores into a stable balance yet. I have lots of experiements left to run!The down sides are in the simple graphics and unpolished UI. Framerates do drop when populations get high. This is because every plant and animal has its own genetic profile and behavior.The game is still new and the developer is rapidly working on improvements. The lastest update, allowing you to scan existing organisms to see their genetic values was a big help. (Keep up the good work!)If conducting experiements and tinkering with variables is your thing, you will love this game. If you're looking for a polished commercialised adventure game, this isn't it. The $6.99 price tag is pretty decent considering the hours I've put in so far."
76561197998701258,Recommended,627620,31723875,Posted: 13 May,all,Psygnal,"This is one of those rare little indy gems that I'm really glad I grabbed.It's an ecological balancing act, and a fairly classic one if you've done your reading.  At its most basic, you've got plants, animals that eat plants, and animals that eat animals.   The trick is to have enough plants to support a population of herbivores, and enough herbivores to support a population of carnivores. Everything evolves. You can also impact that evolution directly.If your balance is off, then you might have a situation where the herbivores are breeding too fast and eat all the plants, and then die out, leaving the carnivores with nothing.... and the next thing you know you're flying over a barren planet.Or you might be fine, but suddenly your carnivores start breeding too fast, and wipe out your herbivores... then they starve themselves, and you're flying over a planet full of shrubbery and nothing else.Graphically simple, but quite pleasantly charming. Audio is almost non-existant apart from some music. The UI could use some polish and is a little cludgy... but the game itself is nice.I would like to see a bit more transparency around the genetics side of things, and I would like to see some more aesthetic variety on the life forms - which tend to be represented by quite simply polygonal shapes - but it's early days yet, and these things may come.The game slows down a little in later stages - but that might just be my relatively poor rig.It's one of those rare games that lets you choose your level of involvement. You can micro-manage your colonies, or you can throw your life-forms onto the planet and come back in a couple of hours to see what you've ended up with... both have so far been quite satisfying.Do I recommend this game?  Absolutely - with caveats.It still feels a bit early-access - though I understand work is continuing - and if you're after an action-packed roller-coaster ride, you should probably give this one a miss.   This is a game which requires you to quietly observe what's going on and figure things out which might feel a bit opaque to start with.I'm enjoying it quite a bit."
76561198066814645,Recommended,627620,32339556,Posted: 11 June,all,David Towsey,"I really liked this game. Though it might not be for everyone, it's one of those games that doesn't hand-hold you through anything linear. You get to grow and build your own little sandbox environment in any way you want. You decide how indepth you go with all the various genetic tweaks to the plants and animals, placing of buildings, etc, etc.This isn't a game for people who want a quick fix or adrenaline buzz. It's a game for the patient, the considered, those who enjoy watching things grow over time. I'm still only scratching the surface of what Intelligent Design has to offer, and I'm going to take my time with it. You should too!"
76561197971274036,Not Recommended,627620,33449909,Posted: 11 July,all,Avarion,"While I like the idea of this game I’m quite unsatisfied with the presentation.The game gives you not enough information about the results of your experiments.- There are no explanations about the genetic traits you get to modify.- There is no statistic which shows you how any of your creatures fare. There is only a total.- There is no automatic history of your creations so you can not go back and try the same build in another area. Though you can save the current settings to file. I haven't tried loading it though.- There is no clicking on a species in the game window to get ANY information about it.So you can only change the values and stare on your testing grounds in hope to distinguish the different species and see how well they do.With more information this game could be fun, even with this reduced presentation."
76561198002244651,Recommended,627620,31839695,Posted: 19 May,all,Captaincrunch,"This is a $7 game written by a single developer with a day job.  Games like this need our support.  The bottom line is that this is an innovative concept that is worth supporting.  So buy the game.  Yes, you have to figure things out.  Nothing is going to be handed to you, there are million other games out there that do that for you.  Yes, there are definately performance issues.  So don't build 9 million plants and animals for now.  People are reviewing this game like it was a $60 game built by a studio.  Get real.  If you want to see indie games like this die because they aren't the smooth production masterpieces built by major studios, then by all means, keep hammering it with silly reviews."
,Not Recommended,627620,31780965,Posted: 15 May,all,stankiem,"This is unfortunately not a very deep simulation of evolution at all, and not much of a sandbox.  There is zero feedback you can get from the creatures, and everything is very linear it seems and focuses more on a poorly designed gameplay loop than any sort of simuatlion.  Evolution sandboxes are supposed to be fun to watch each individual mutation affect the speciation and overall development of the ecosystem..  None of that here IMO.  If you're looking for a more in-depth and fun evolutionary sandbox check out ""Species: ALRE"" or ""Darwin's Pool""Here is my attempt at a Let's Play of this game:https://youtu.be/t5AcnZGc_j8"
,Recommended,627620,33796974,Posted: 25 July,all,Gogtabi,"So i love this game.-It has many facets that keep me going and hidden objectives.-The developer has been attentive with all the bugs that have occured.-Gameplay can be casual or chaotic to suit your mood.-it was cheapSometimes i focus on the genes and try to develop new organisms that act in new ways, and sometimes i just spawn up a bunch of random creatures and watch chaos ensue. It also has a really creative puzzle in one of the achievements. It's not action packed but it will give you hours of entertainment."
,Recommended,627620,31732023,Posted: 13 May,all,Kitswulf,"It's a calm, thoughtful game of gardening, based on terraforming a chunk of alien desert. The graphics are simple and the UI is a bit rough, but the music, atmosphere, and core game concept are all lovely. My main wishes were that feedback was a little more clear (my herbivores chill out next to plants and die consistently, what am I doing wrong?) and the controls are REALLY rough (like, it took me 2 hours to get a lucky mistake to figure out how to upgrade research stations). Still, because there's no rushing or pressure even the problems are more annoyances than obstacles to play. Plus, honestly I think the game is really beautiful with its limited color palette and striking alien sunsets."
76561197991290114,Recommended,627620,31721634,Posted: 13 May,all,ScrubbestLeague,"I like this game a lot.  It's like a clicker and a screensaver and it's a real chilled out way to make some worms eat some other worms what are trying to eat some spores.  It's like $6, definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,627620,31739398,Posted: 13 May,all,Threnody,"Needs to be put into early access. Very little content, filled with bugs: I could move the camera right off the map, tons of genetics options straight up broke the game (if you set seed drag to maximum they just stay in the air forever), among other things.Don't buy this expecting a polished game, otherwise it's alright."
76561198007298934,Recommended,627620,31723276,Posted: 13 May,all,Ezergood,"Super little game. Try to get an ecosystem going with random and later chosen plants, herbivores and carnivores. Slow paced evolution sim, perfect for slow playing, or running in another window to check back on periodically. I tried Gridworld, similar concept but simple graphics, and I found it too baffling UI and other features. This is MUCH more accessible all round, though I'm not keen on default controls. Well worth your 2 hours testing it out."
76561198119471741,Not Recommended,627620,34484643,Posted: 25 August,all,MX wb,"Weird building models, ugly and hard to use gui, creature and plant models are bland and have no variety aside size and colour. not balanced well at all. ai is broken at glitchy"
,Recommended,627620,32831798,Posted: 26 June,all,Dark Souls 16,It's a fun and relaxing game with a simple look to everything and shouldn't be played with the mind set that it's a competition or race it's more like watching nature be nature on a calming walk in a forest. Also the notes that are around are entertaining to read. If you're looking for a relaxing/simple semi-idle game that requires some foresight and strategy this would be a good game for that.
,Recommended,627620,31718918,Posted: 13 May,all,THE SHARK,"If you're not rewarding unique, niche games made by one person what are you doing?! You will easily get as much fun as you spent on this game."
76561197977314644,Recommended,627620,31738200,Posted: 13 May,all,Puppet #7,"If you enjoy Evo sim style games, this one is one of the better one's I've played in awhile.Cons:- Not a game con per say, but know it's pretty CPU heavy once things get going, your ""hour of play"" vs mine or anyone elses will vary greatly in terms of actual sim-speed time. The only con here is if you're interested in the leaderboards as in this case, it makes an uneven playfield in relation of output vs relataive time investment.-- The Gene/Science UI is very clunky, especially once you start hitting single digit frames. There's no ability to save presets or previous combinations, so if you wanna recall a certain combination, you have to manually select each one of several different pop up menus + slider options.This gets pretty annoying when the UI also starts hanging due to sim lag.This featured was added ina recent patch- great addition.Pros:+++ The Gene mechanic: If you're one that enjoys critical thinking then its utility is incredibly intuitive- designing flora or fauna to fill/meet specific ecological niches is easy to visualize once you see the traits unfold. There's a couple intentionally vauge descriptors, but nothing difficult to figure out.++ Game pace: there's really no pressure in the game outside of setting your own goals. The very early portion you deal with a small resource grind but within 10 mins or so things get rolling and its a non issue- funding's no longer the focus allowing you to instead focus on tailoring your ecosystem to what you have in mind.+++ The Force-field mechanic: Isolation can breed just as much diversity as direct competiton, and though the scoring systems is pretty vague- it's already obvious to me that utilising this feature to maintain balance long term has been incredibly useful.??: + / -??: Replayability- To been seen, with the current Science/research system progression is really straight forward, so short of just trying a different approach for the sake of doing something different, Imnot sure how often I'll be wanting to start new.??: Graphics: I have a decent rig (gtx960 4gb SLI, 16gb ram, i5-6600k @3.3ghz) but am bottle-necked at the CPU, so Im running it min spec settings. Its not really a ""graphics game"" so Im not turn off by it, but should be noted. At roughly 4-6k entities in the world I'm chugging at 6-8 fps.** Note there's now been additional optimization passes- game performance has been upgraded.-----------------------------------If you enjoy the genre and can shrug off the some what clunky UI, this game is a steal at only $6 USD.4.5/5Edit.... typos, typos...Update per response, UNTIY launcher has re-map function"
76561198014770392,Recommended,627620,32127450,Posted: 2 June,all,RyanF109,"I noted before purchasing this game that reviews were mixed, but I decided to purchase it anyway and see for myself.This game is definitely worth playing. It is educational in regards to evolution and types of organisms and really gets you thinking.It's the kind of game I would get my son to play when he's a bit older, and I actually enjoyed playing it so much so to the extent that right now I am wanting to load my saved game from last night and continue.As someone else said, it's a game you will enjoy if you like ""God"" type games in which you can sit back and watch, while also requiring some action occasionally."
76561198050506972,Not Recommended,627620,31924323,Posted: 23 May,all,soverntear,"First game I have ever refunded on here. I get the dev is trying to make it a ""figure it out yourself"" kind of game and I would normally be in to that. But sadly a clunky UI, zero feedback and zero in depth info at all make this title a wash. If this was an EA game I would have kept it in the hopes that it would eventually get detailed stats of your evolutions, some way to recreate the same plant/animal in a saved database (yes I can write down the 10 stats that made that evolution, but come on), a graphical engine that has more variation between creations."
,Not Recommended,627620,34263920,Posted: 15 August,all,NorseGod,"Interesting tech demo, but not a full game. UI is super clunky, really detracts from play. And after a while there's not a lot to do, it seems."
76561198034396876,Not Recommended,627620,35414738,Posted: 2 October,all,Blue,"Conceptually, this game is interesting; create a balanced ecosystem to terraform worlds, via genetic tinkering. By examining what survival strategies work, and which ones don't, you can create more adapted, survivable organisms more likely to flourish. Unfortunately, the game makes achieving it's own goals difficult ENTIRELY through being opaque about data.Genetic traits are not explained. Some are obvious, some are not. Changing traits and observing differing outcomes between species is difficult, because you can't view an organism's traits after it's created and you can and often will lose them amongst other organisms, making gathering data impossible. Further, you can't track individual populations, so two near-identical looking populations coming into existence instantly means you are unable to observe the success of either group; they could both be flourishing, or one might have gone extinct immediately.The end result is that simply spawning vast numbers of random organisms, and waiting the few minutes it takes for natural selection to choose succesful organisms is both faster and more efficient than attempting to make your own; making it a game that rewards you for not playing it."
76561197979352661,Not Recommended,627620,31839404,Posted: 19 May,all,system1016,"I really like the idea of the game, but feedback within the game on what anything does, or how anything is doing is virtually non-existant.  There are plenty of genes that you can modify to different values, but what the genes actually do has to be guessed at from their name.  Watching the things grow can help some with seeing what the genes do, but many of them aren't obvious, and there are enough environmnetal factors that it can be nearly impossible to tell if something is actually helping or hindering, or if it was just blind luck that something went well.  The interface is also rather clunky to navigate.  I think this is to make it easier to operate with a controller, or perhaps with VR or something, but as it stands with mouse and keyboard it just  seems like a chore to do what you actually want.Long story short, I love the idea, and it has a lot of potential, but a lack of feedback on what your actions accomplish leaves you blind to what you're doing."
,Not Recommended,627620,31909728,Posted: 22 May,all,RaPpTer22,"It's pretty much a guessing game on how to be sucessful (WHY WON'T MY PLANTS STAY SUSTAINABLE!!!!!) The tutorial you play in the beginning is pretty basic. It only goes over the UI and the basics of research and generating organisms. There's a few genes you can manipulate for the plants, carnivores, and herbivores but there isn't any real explination on what any of them do. I wouldn't recommend right now becasue (for me at least) it get's boring and frustrating really quickly."
,Recommended,627620,31811119,Posted: 17 May,all,Jeremy Kyle,"I would defiently recommend this game great idea but if possible i would like to see more ""looks"" to the creatures like you could tell one generation from the next where at the moment sometimes i get confused what generation is what."
,Recommended,627620,31828793,Posted: 18 May,all,marius.visser,"I used to play around with Alife simulations years ago, things like Mbiti World, Framsticks, Avida, Polyworld, various population dynamic sims, Game of Life. This seems a good progression, although the gamefying doesn't work for me. You're supposed to play around with various genotypes in order to presumably create a stable ecosystem of plants, prey en predators. Of course you could pursue any goal you want, which ties in neatly with the name. If you have even a passing interest in Alife, this is worth a look, and future development in interesting directions seems quite likely. What I'd like to see: copy, save and manipulate any organism's ""genes"". Graphics optimization, since the magic happens with big populations; perhaps the plants can just be represented by 2D circles, instead of 3D cylinders. Global parameters like mutation rate, likelihood of interbreeding (in fact, I don't know if there is speciation at the moment). Time controls. A robust autosave and automatic recovery system for wolfing runs (I played Creatures, too)."
76561198018910193,Recommended,627620,31738826,Posted: 13 May,all,Kieavehlk,"Have you ever wanted to be a biologist? Did the cost of tuition bring that dream crashing down? Then go ahead, buy this game and see what it's like to be a Ph.D. wielding biologist! No, seriously, it's a good game that brings to light some standard biology/ecology concepts. The graphics aren't modern, but you'd be a moron to think a $7 game would have them. Gameplay seems simple, but is complex at times as you finagle with genetic manipulation. One final note, the herbivores.... oh these damn herbivores... they somehow defy carrying capacity and predatory relations at times..."
76561198030912594,Not Recommended,627620,31748237,Posted: 14 May,all,Riganthor,"So before I start at the end of this review I will link the  review video I have made if you dont want to read.this game has a great premise and at the start it seems to succeed at doing it justice. you can build 3 buildings in this game they are a biocollection centre which gets you your money and it uses the plants you plant for that you have a research station and a radar to expand the place where you can call down plant seeds, herbivors and carnivors.you can call down seeds by clicked on it or mashing space when selected and it starts to rain green orbs, the herbivors and carnivors work the same way. the bad thing is that plants spread so slow that you constantly have to spawn in new seeds, the herbivores and the carnivores do reproduce fast enough.now this wouldnt be a big issue if moving wasnt as sickmaking. while moving with your mouse it creates motion blurr which you cant tone down or turn off and its terrible. moving with the arrow keys is painfully slow.but the worst part is even after researching multiple plant genetics they still look the exact same, the plants, herbivores and carnivores dont ever change, so progress is just a window dressing and seeing that this is the main point of the game it leads to the game not having a point at all.so because of this I do not recommend this gamemy video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DwMZWDpwBc"
,Not Recommended,627620,31739038,Posted: 13 May,all,NinjaWizard,"This game was intelligently designed - unfortunately it should have been left to evolve a bit.Pro'sI spent two hours playing this while not being completely boredCon'sI spent two hours playing this, got to 70th place on the world rankings and crashed.The last half hour or so of gameplay was at a stunning 4fpswatch blobs eat blobs that eat blobs"
,Not Recommended,627620,31816426,Posted: 17 May,all,FocusBoxHero,"Realy is JUST a ""Tech Demo""... Build and upgrade one building and watch hundreds of AI controlled bodies slow down your system. If you wait long enough it will put your steam name onto a leaderboard.  Just get MSI Afterburner and Kombustor..."
,Recommended,627620,31753045,Posted: 14 May,all,CharliePryor,"Pretty fun... at least for a little while. I really like this idea, and where this is heading, but I unfortunately feel as though the performance issues combined with the sheer lack of information given to the player is a problem.View my stream herefor more information and, near the end, feedback/critique.Because I feel it is priced appropriately when I bought on sale ($6), I'll give it a recommendation. Any higher price point for this wouldn't be the same result though. I think this has potential - and I hope the dev gives it the care in his attempts to evolve this in the future. He really does have an intelligent design with this. Just needs more.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_s6y9ztEHU"
76561198262622378,Recommended,627620,33315453,Posted: 6 July,all,Fellache,"Very nice game, spent a few hours on it until my CPU became too slow to calculate all the interactions between the organisms. A lot of tweaking, tuning and optimizing of all the dynamics possible. Fully recommend it!"
76561197997097245,Not Recommended,627620,31812181,Posted: 17 May,all,Chirps,This game should be early access and refined for much longer then it has been.
,Not Recommended,627620,31797245,Posted: 16 May,all,Mahatma,"There's like a 'figure it out yourself' kind of philosophy to this game, and while that can be alright, there is just far too little information given to the player.  If it didn't take ages for things to play out, maybe it would be fine to figure it out on your own, but really it's just been frustrating to figure out anything at all. Simplistic graphics can be just alright too.  But if the graphics are unable to convey neccessary information to me, then it needs to be spelled out, whether in a tutorial mode, a help menu, something.This game is not educational, it will not teach you anything about evolution, at best you will learn that some animals eat plants and some eat other animals.  Hopefully we have that down already.  If someone is actually interested in a simplistic evolution simulator, download the tried and true swimbots program, available for free.  Learning is fun, this game is a drag."
76561198050157026,Recommended,627620,31736661,Posted: 13 May,all,Diet Dr. SpookcemberweenIan2000,"Is it high art? no.Is it mindblowing gameplay? no.but its a neat idea that was put togther quite nicely. and for the price of 7 bucks, it's an enjoyable, little time-waster. I see a lot more potential for this kind of idea, so I'd love to see updates!I would, However, like to see improvements in the performance of the game and a little more expaination on what traits do what, exactly"
76561198164838876,Not Recommended,627620,31909042,Posted: 22 May,all,TheGingr,"TLDR: This game is very misleading and has nothing to do with anything evolutionary and should NOT be picked up anywhere close to $7.Later in this review, I will be reffering to an Imgur album of screenshots I've made to properly explain what exactly I'm talking about, though I'll try my best to explain it for those who don't or can't use the album.Imgur Link:http://imgur.com/gallery/7wXuPPart 1: Misleading DescriptionThe description of this game is misleading at best. Name anything that you could possibly find fun or interesting as you read about it. There's a 90% chance it's not what you think. This game has absolutelynothingto do with evolution. You start the game by planting plants with random genes, and later on you can manipulate genes adn create your own super plant if you want. Cool. Except it's literally just that simple. You place it down, it generates random stats that you can't even see, and then that's it until it dies. Same with any animals, but I couldn't even get them to survive long enough for them to matter.The game also boasts about it's complex weather system that it has, and how it affects the species that live in your biosphere. How does it affect them, you'd ask. Well I have no idea. You can bring up a graph of how the wind, heat, and humidity has been, but I don't think that makes any difference to the game at all except wind carries plant seeds that you generate. Heat and humidity seem to have no affect at all, as there's not even genes for heat or humidty resistence in the game as of now.Part 2: Overall GameplayThe game has a ""clicker"" type style to it, meaning that the only use for the currency in game is to buy buildings which collect more currency. Once you're more than like a half hour into the game, you have more currency than you know what to do with. Other than that, the gameplay as a whole is dull and unresponsive. The only thing there is to show progression is your ""research"" which only gives you more options on how to customize your custom species. And that system also sucks (we'll get into that later.)Unresponsiveness and Lack of ClarityFrankly, what the♥♥♥♥♥♥do half the mechanics in this game exactly do. If you look at the first picture in the Imgur album you'll see just how cluttered and nonsensical the UI is, and I'm not even sure what any of it means. In the top right it shows a progression bar that goes up randomly, along with a ""gen"" count that also doesn't mean anything. There is a World Effeciency and Score that the game praises as mysterious and boasts about how it will be fun to figure out. But no, it's not fun to figure out, because why would anyone care about it if it seemingly doesn't even mean anything?But the main lack of clarity comes from the custom species system that allows you to generate a custom species. It gives you about 10 sliders that are all different genes that you can manipulate. I finally unlocked all the genes for plants and thought ""Awesome, maybe I'll be able to a biosphere of species that all look cool and act interesting!"" But again, that isn't the case. Some of the sliders are very straightforward, like Height or Life expectency. But what exactly does Biomass mean? Or what about competitiveness? How do plants compete? And wouldn't the Effeciency gene just be overall how well a plant will survive? No explanation in game. Even the crown jewel of this game, the custom species creator, falls short due to a lack of exploration.Other general confusions:Why do plants seemingly burn or just die and not reproduce? (See picture 3)How does reproduction happen in general? Animals breed like rats, and plants seemingly dont reproduce at all.Why do animals behave the way they do? In picture 4, they just circle around each other and starve even though there will be plants right nect to themWhat Makes Species Different?The answer is: Nothing. If you look at picture 2, you can see that everything looks reletively the same. They're all green cylinders. Some are short, some are fat, and some are less green, but they're all green cylinders. This goes beyond a simplistic artstyle, this is just wrong. I have spammed ""generate random plant"" probably hundreds of times in my short time playig, and I've seen no substatial difference between any species except for that. I usually can't even tell which plants are the same species, even if they're closeby each other. Animals are also the same way, but with somehow even less differenciality. Their only difference is size and color.OVERALL DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AS IT IS A SHAM AND NOT ANYTHING LIKE IT IS ADVERTISED. STAY AWAY FOR A LONG TIME UNTIL THE DEV GETS HIS♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER"
76561198297666844,Not Recommended,627620,31925819,Posted: 23 May,all,rcrhinehart,"Played 2 hours and pretty much did everything there is to do.  Yawn.  Love the concept, hope it improves."
76561198002908997,Not Recommended,627620,31722023,Posted: 13 May,all,Snark Hunter,Game has severe performance issues when things get busy.
76561197960273224,Recommended,627620,31753423,Posted: 14 May,all,Wits,"It's OK. A bit hard to find out what the genes do, and their effects seem a bit unimpressive. I can't seem to build stable ecosystems unless I just use plants - with animals they always slowly dwindle out, and ther doesn't seem to be anything I can do. I wish someone would do something more like SimLife, that was better than this."
76561198044866622,Recommended,627620,31735641,Posted: 13 May,all,The Fake Slim Shady,"Recommended with a few caveats...Still needs some optimization. Seems to start to slow down VERY quickly.Why do all my plants start randomly catching fire? I assume that's what they're doing?What do these different genetics do? Absrobtion rate? Root densisty? Very unclear explainations as to what effects that might haveIt's a very cool and ambitious concept, but the tutorial is very basic. There's some absolute potential here, Just needs some more explaination"
76561198072694930,Not Recommended,627620,31758955,Posted: 14 May,all,Smoolz,"Maybe I missed something crucial, but there didn't seem to be any clear goal? The tutorial showed the different functions of the UI, and then just set you free to keep spawning in plants and animals? I don't get it. It's very slow paced, and I found it very boring. You basically just spawn in a bunch of plants, the game lags for a little bit. The plants grow, you spawn in herbivores, the game lags a bit. The herbivores start eating plants, so you spawn in carnivores. Game lags.... Then what? I thought it was going to be a bit more hands-on, it's pretty much a paint drying simulator. Would recommend holding off until more features are added."
,Not Recommended,627620,31962898,Posted: 25 May,all,[AJSA] skprog,i dont normly bash games. but here is a feature list.!!!!!Fully modeled artificial life with genetics and AI ( no its not fully modeled) !!!!!Genetic crossover through breeding  ( you cant breed force breeding or view breeding)!!!!!!!Genetic mutation caused by radiation ( no demostration of radiation)!!!!!!!!!!!!!A climate model which tests the robustness of your plants and is effected by the ecosystem you design3 lines that represent random numbers that are used as your weather for that hour. no rime or reason behind weather patterns.!!!!!! Invest in genetics research to unlock new abilities  !!! invest my @#*&@  building a building and waiting in real time 4 hours.did i mention there is NO SPEED SETTING !!!!!All of the data collected during your game is exported to xml for you to analyse WHERE @.@ what data.Steam achievements and leaderboards ( achievment collected you clicked a button.)you want to make it better. allow a txt file to change your controls
,Not Recommended,627620,31723867,Posted: 13 May,all,The Mind Castle,"Had I met this little game ten years ago, I'd have played the hell out of it; as it stands, it doesn't really have anything ""bad"", it simply does not stand up to modern gaming standards, both graphics-wise and gameplay-wise."
76561198271547119,Recommended,627620,31714637,Posted: 12 May,all,kingofdragomSuperiorServers.co,I grate game with a intesting consept and I love it
,Recommended,627620,31719564,Posted: 13 May,all,meguca,i bought it to make a funi negative review about how evolution is just a theory but its ok
76561198053922320,Not Recommended,627620,32605153,Posted: 20 June,all,Beyonder,this game crashed immediately. i cannot get it to work.
,Recommended,627620,34646353,Posted: 31 August,all,Teriderol,"uhm, decently done, needs a bit doom scenario polishing.yes, i am talking about everburnig fear scapes"
