user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,628710,32222394,Posted: 6 June,all,Soundneko,"I play a lot of early access games, that means I also refund a lot of them. This game will remain in my library. Its fun, it looks good and the frame rate runs pretty well even with a full 50/50 unit field in play.So far the only ""complaint"" I have, is the way joining games are handled. If under the ""Ping"" column it says ""Game Started"" you just can't join, at all. Having spoken to the devs, they are working to implement a way to join these games.Numerous references will be made to games like Orcs Must Die and Dungeon Defenders, which isn't a bad thing. Those games are super fun takes on active tower defense. This game, in my mind, is a welcome addition to that family of games and I look forward to seeing how it progresses."
,Recommended,628710,32223972,Posted: 6 June,all,Bazgrim,"The game is extremely fun and addictive. A similar game to compare it to is dungeon defenders, but you don't swap out characters and time is limited between each wave. There is a lot of potential here and I hope the developers see the amazing opportunity this game has and go beyond in the customization options outside of the current perk system.Currently you'll probably get 10-20 hours worth of enjoyment out of the game, maybe more if you have friends that buy into it as well. If you're a tower defense junkie like I am, this game is a must have.My only complaint so far was the 60FPS cap, which a developer has already responded saying it will be removed in the future when stability increases. That said, I'm running at a solid 60fps with my high end hardware. (5820k and gtx1080) If they keep their word with pushing out bi-weekly updates, I see this game being extremely successful."
76561198067851126,Recommended,628710,32265925,Posted: 8 June,all,Dread Baron Beardly,"I bought this fully expecting to have to refund it imediately.Dood... I just played my first two rounds this morning. This game is f'ing awesome. They are selling themselves way short. I admit I was expecting garbage but that isn't what I got at all.My feedback and comments:Some of the animations are quite chunky. Specifically the mob animations and the moving platform animations. I am not sure if that is an optimization thing but I am running on a super-rig and hero animations were smooth and fine so I doubt it. Still it is very playable how it is right now.I need a private game option ASAP. I was able to play solo this morning because almost no one was on and I started the game fast but that is a very important feature for me.I really love the tower design. Like really love. My one complaint would be the ability to only pick up 1 tower at a time (Although this could be devloped into a kind of cool mechanic). My other complaint would be how easy the towers are to get. I never felt like I was working up to get a tower, it was more of an open market ""ok, i'll take this one, and this one, and this one."" I am not sure the solution to that but can think on it.I like the tower centric but cool heroes feel of the game. Much more original Orcs Must Die feel and something the new iterations of DD2 and OMDU are missing. They are too hro centric IMO.You need a better store page video. The game is way better than what that vid makes it look like. The store page vid makes it look like game runs horribly which isn't the case at all. The mob chunkiness/optimization issues that I mentioned previously do not make the game look as bad as the video suggests at all.Features I would really like to see:Some playable female wardens.Solo/private game option.Some hero customization in terms of gear (cosmetic only would be ok but weapons and spells as well would be awesome).I compared this game a lot to DD and OMDU but it does have a uniqueness that seperates it from these as well.*edit*Oh and I forgot:The controls seem kind of janky at first because they don't match other similar games but they become intuitive quickly. I only tried KB&M.*end edit*TL;DRI hate saying this about EA but I would absolutely support this especially if the new Dungeon Defenders and Orcs aren't properly scratching your itch. This game could surprise you.Update 6/24/17:I feel the need to add this additional info to my review. I am always skeptical about buying EA these days but this has seriously already been such a positive EA experience so far. The devs reply in the forms, focus specifically on improvement and requested features from the community, drop reasonably frequent and meaningful patches. It makes me sad fewer people seem to be buying this one in EA. I see this game doing very well once it is releaed hopefully."
76561198210015540,Recommended,628710,32263081,Posted: 8 June,all,Little Dumpling,"I'm a broke college student with no job so spending $15 on something that isn't food is a life or death situation.  I'm glad to say that I'm going to strave to death.This game has great potential!  It is different in a good way.   It combines many aspects (RPG, Action-fighting, Tower/Wave Defense) in the gaming community and makes it something unique and quite entertaining.  This concept deserves 10/10.The gameplay itself is entertaining.  Being able to move/jump while fighting is great and having towers to defend with is fun, but it does eventually wear off because your character only has 2 skills and a normal left click attack.  Hopefully they will expand the skill bar system. There's also no actual dodging key.  To dodge you just simply side step away from the attack using WASD keys. My action-combat immersion is ruined!  The attacking animation for the AI enemies are simple, easy to spot, and slow.  There's no variety in their attacks, which sucks in my opinion.  You can die in the game by either falling off the platform on certain maps or simply by dying to the enemies.  There is no death penalty except waiting 10 seconds to respawn (I wish there was just to add more of a reason to stay alive).  Gameplay at the moment: 7/10.The graphics aren't revolutionary, but it is far from ugly and isn't cartoonish.  7.5/10The game can be played with a group up to a max of 4 or solo and as a hardcore introvert I am glad that solo is an option.  10/10 because there's a place for intoverts.  However, there is no private servers.  So there's a chance for someone to join your server.  Hopefully, they will add private servers as an option in the future.The frame rate of the game is good.  I'm getting a solid 45-50 fps on highest settings and capped at 60 fps on low to med settings with my laptop's spec: Intel Core i7, 8GB RAM, GeForce GTX 960M.As of now, the game provides 4 maps, 8 defense ""towers"" (Swarm of birds, catapult, short fatty with a cannon, a hammer wielding dragon, a shield of men, a mage, archer, and a balista), allows you to place a max of 50 ""towers"", 3 characters to pick to play as and if you only play characters that have a nice rack, well, you'll just have to wait, and a max lvl of 25 at the moment with every 5 levels letting you pick a perk.The difficulty of the game is is there especially on ""Nightmare Mode"".  As for normal mode, it's not too much of a challenge once you get the hang of it. At the moment you can only play a total of 5 rounds in one instance then you get ported back to your safe hub.  Things get a hell of a lot more fun and challenging at round 5, but it gets cut short.  Hopefully, one day the devs will allow a ""press blank to continue slaughtering"".The game does lack character progression.  The only aspects of character progression at the moment are levels with a max of level 25, and less than 10 perks to pick from.  Of course this is early access and I expect them to add cosmetics, more perks, levels, more playable characters, and etc as the game progresses.I personally have faced minor issues with the game, but nothing rage inducing.  When in close melee combat, monsters tend to ""vanish"" only to reappear when you back away.  The movements of the characters are a little wonky.  It isn't terrible, but could be improved.  The jumping needs some tweaking as well.  At times it can feel as if you're sliding or it doesn't respond and you fall into a pit of fire and become BBQ for the demons.  The zoomed in aiming for the class ""Deadeye"" needs improvements.I don't know anything about how this game was advertised/marketed in the past before it's early access release on steam because reading hurts, but from what I've seen from the disscussion page, the devs seem to be very active and friendly and are trying their best to help resolve any issue that we may face.  Listening and helping out consumers in any form of business is one of the best way to show that you respect and care for your consumers' happiness, but also about YOUR OWN product you are trying to sell/promote.  So far I see this in the devs.  This is definitely a huge plus.  10/10Overall if the devs are able to keep at this, this could turn into something wonderful.  Overall score 8/10.10/10 would starve to death again."
76561197962535802,Recommended,628710,32297954,Posted: 9 June,all,[Tr]ozzmosis,"A suprising gem and a very entertaining game indeed.. Had a great time with a few players and love the design of the different classes where each class has a very define role in the team.The game is quite challenging and definitely needs good team work inorder to get pass all 5 stages. Hope they can release more classes soon!!!One thing I hope they can add is the ability to resituate the towers ..overall so far so good, hope the developer can continue to fine tune and make the game better."
76561198254850609,Recommended,628710,32224754,Posted: 6 June,all,Anduvius,"The playstyle is interesting, but overall I rather like it. I haven't tried the higher difficulties yet but from what I've seen so far it looks very stable and already lots of action going on."
76561198107341854,Recommended,628710,32242083,Posted: 7 June,all,個人名稱檔案,Good game. Have great potential.
,Recommended,628710,32342471,Posted: 11 June,all,Sir Pencil,"Hell Warders is an Early Access title, and in some ways it shows. In short, I'd call it ""Dungeon Defenders meets Dark Souls"".Hell Warders harkens to a playstyle which will seem very familiar to fans of Dungeon Defenders. You play as a Hell Warder, a hero capable of summoning powerful defensive units, and your goal is to use your unique abilities and strategic talent to hold off wave after wave of terrifying enemies.Hell Warders borrows most of its gameplay from Dungeon Defenders. Your chosen hero brings unique traits and perks to the battlefield and the best defenses will be those which capitalize on the strengths of multiple heroes. The game's theme sets it apart from Dungeon Defenders and it has a theme that is very gothic (a la Dark Souls) which a strong goetia blend.What sets it apart is the unique twists to the gameplay model. Towers are pick ups that spawn throughout a match, forcing you to strategize with the tools you have available. Most enemies have at least two different attacks and can inflict debuffs or pull the heroes with some impunity. As you defeat enemies you gain Warder score which can be used for in-match level-ups and also counts towards an over-arching ""Warder level"" which provides permanent buffs and perks.The game is playable in its current state but it is not without its flaws. It can feel a bit clunky at times and there's definitely some balance to be done but the developers are very attentive to concerns and observations so if you're looking to get into an early access experience that's got some rough edges and can benefit from your feedback, then Hell Warders might be your cup of tea. Otherwise if Early Access isn't your thing or you'd just rather play more Dungeon Defenders, then remember that Dungeon Defenders 2 is a thing."
,Recommended,628710,32408759,Posted: 14 June,all,Robb Stark,"I don't usually write reviews but this is one of my favourite genres - a fusion of Tower Defence and fast-paced co-op combat. Imo, $15 well spent into supporting the devs. I'll be here for the long-run. Give it a shot!"
76561198354230376,Recommended,628710,32327343,Posted: 10 June,all,MorbidFate,"This game is really good. There arent a lot of players yet, but is such a fun game with friends. Really deserves more attention"
,Recommended,628710,32325024,Posted: 10 June,all,Otacon,"Great TD game, but a fly in the ointment is the music and sound effect."
,Recommended,628710,32247420,Posted: 7 June,all,The One Lock,"Found this game pretty fun. Should have some protentials as this is only early access. If you like games such as Dungeon Defenders and Orcs must die, this has some protentials to be a good competitor."
76561197967258430,Recommended,628710,32264906,Posted: 8 June,all,jasons_ai3,"I see great potential in this game, the core gameplay is an unique mix of Tower Defense and Hero-based Action Game, but the game doesn't bother you with complex Resource Management and numbers crunching you see in traditional TD Games, or those tedious Inventory Management in Hero-based Defense games, you can go right into the action and slay monsters from the very beginning of each game.I am using a GTX 960 Graphics Card on my machine, with maxed out display quality setting. Suprisingly, the game runs very smooth for me even with hordes of monsters and defensive units on screen, constantly getting 50+ fps from start to finish.Currently the game lacks a bit of polish and is missing a few Quality of Life features here or there, but it is well worth the bucks since it has only been two three days since the launch of the Early Access, I will definitely come back and check out the game every few weeks!"
,Recommended,628710,32241578,Posted: 7 June,all,đéo mẹ,"This game is basicly good, nice graphic with a good game gameplay, but it's a little glitchy to control your heroes. I have spent 0,3 hours in game, and I can say this game has potentials to become a great game, but now, for me, Im going to wait for the next updates. Some glitches can make you feel uncomfortable while playing, but it's exceptable for an early access game."
76561198066137135,Recommended,628710,32242475,Posted: 7 June,all,MortalEngine,"First time trying this game, I can see the potential in this game. Firstly the graphics and gameplay is very attractive to me and made me feel I want to support this game to build to it's potential. I can see this game turn into something different, but still appealing to crowds of dungeon defenders / orc must die.At the moment, this game is lacking a bit of content but its understandable because of early access. Apart from this, you could see most of the gameplay with the current status.I would definitely support this game and had fun for around 2 hours, trying out the characters."
76561198015251527,Recommended,628710,32303250,Posted: 9 June,all,GingDie,"a really interesting game! had lots of fun playing it.the harder lvl's are challenging and will need some nice teamwork to passis there a function to check what each troops do? like thier dps and traits? i had to figure it out myself by experience as i play. it was no big issue but it would be nicethis game had lots of potential to grow with more charaters, monsters and change in enviroment"
,Recommended,628710,32317802,Posted: 10 June,all,Fido,Amazing game!Had a small issue with ultra wide resolution mode but the support solved it in less than 30 min from reporting.Definitely recommend!Can't wait for more content...
,Recommended,628710,32402401,Posted: 13 June,all,asliceofpizza,"7/11/17The heart of this game is going under some major reconstruction and the update is marked for the end of Aug. This update looks to bring more replay value to the game with the introduction of quest/missions. The tower system is also going to have a major upgrade. All-in-all, this next update should make the overall flow of the game much smoother. I will be patiently waiting for it to drop. I believe after said update, the games potential will only continue to grow.Update^Like you will read elsewhere, Hell Warders is a Tower Defense game with an RPG twist, putting the player right in the middle of the action. Sounds awesome, right? Most definitely!I have read where others have compared it to other games that are apparently similar, but I have not played those games sooo, I cannot speak to the truth of those comments.  I will let you decide, maybe you have played them.It is an EA game at the time of this writing, so it still has some bugs, new content continues to get pushed out, and things are bound to change on down the road. Personally, I am totally on board with helping out with this EA title. Something about this game just resonates with me and I am thoroughly enjoying my time playing this game and helping the Devs with their continued work on the game by providing them with feedback.I will more than likely come back to update this review once I have added some more playing time and take some time out to properly write-up my thoughts on the game so far (I got a bunch already). But for now I just want to hand out another positive review for this game and maybe help convince you to throw some money at it. I think most people who decide to buy this game will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,628710,32307793,Posted: 9 June,all,Faygo,"Very good game, full of potential.Just played for 2 games and cant wait to write a review for it. Currently only 3 characters to play but you can see more is coming from the menu. From melee to ranged, a third person tower defense game which require company to play with.Group play is definitely more fun than solo game as characters has their unique role.Hope the developer will optimze/fine tune animation from the melee character, when you play on higher difficulties the gameplay will be challenging and it required more from melee hero."
,Recommended,628710,32797388,Posted: 25 June,all,To,"Although the game is not very polished yet, the concept is insteresting and I'm looking forward to future updates to add more characters and improved gameplay. The game is especially enjoyable when playing together with your friends to complete missions."
76561197960617139,Recommended,628710,32313413,Posted: 10 June,all,PP@@,"I just played 2 rounds of it. My first impression is...game is full of potential.First of all, this game is still under Early Access, so normally i would expect bugs and balancing issues. But turns out the game is pretty good. The only complaint i have is the character movement is a bit odd. If they can make character movement more smoothly that would be perfect.Overall Hell Warders is fun and good. I definitely will spend more time with my friends on this game. Because TD game always is my my favorite!"
,Recommended,628710,32515901,Posted: 17 June,all,Leo,"To be honest, I did not expect much in an indie game, but turnout some aspects do deserve the appreciation.Although many ""déjà vu"" from other games might be found, the game's theme and style are absolutely intriguing and eye catching.Things I especially like:- Samson III - I'd like to call him the beggar king, with a skill like Kamehameha and the appearance are strangely matched, it reminds me the beggar I saved a lot from Metal Slug.- 3D Modelling, the appearance of Dead eye (or the Hunter from Bloodborne :D) and some orbs is very detailed and well-polished. I wonder how good will it be after released, it was not expected from an indie game.- Doge - wow, much concealed, very secret.However, sth you might consider improving (I completely understand its still under development.)- Incompleted tutorial - it doesn't even teach the player how to ping on the map.- Tedious orbs (or towers) picking, and missing function description and leveling system behind the towers. I think you guys are working on it, so let's see~- Lack of strategic elements - apart from positioning the orbs and leveling up in the talent system, there is no other things required any thinking or planning tactically nor strategically in-game.- Weak feedback after winning - nothing besides calculating the EXP, maybe add a cutscene?- Types of orbs and monsters - in a typical TD game, there would be different types of monsters and towers e.g. Air, Armored, etc. This can enable more strategies for players. Having some sort of ""aura"" orbs can let player focus on whether to develop the character they are using or to enhance the attacking orbs.- Gore - as a dark souls themed game, gore is a must.- Low skill threshold - If this is meant to be an Action game rather than a traditional Tower+Hero Defense, then the Action part could be a bit weak. Different combos in basic attacking will be appreciated. The action gaming skills required in the game like dodging the monsters' spells or attacks are too little, not challenging. Either I will get one hit to the death or repeatedly shooting the monster, waiting the skills for CD and cast again. This is dull and may consider adding some features in character's action?- Same player progress as everyone else - this is a common issue in many co-op games, maybe let the player have one custom orb that could bring down into the map?- Delayed Input - Idk if this is my pc performance issue or sth else? While in low graphic settings, the input is much more responsive."
,Recommended,628710,33738301,Posted: 23 July,all,That Guy ☆VG☆,"Hell Warders is a action-defense type game set in 3rd person view. You choose one of (at the moment) 3 unique characters, each with their own unique playstyle. The game is set like a mature version of Dungeon Defenders or Orcs Must Die, where you set up your defenseshowever you deem fit, leaving a huge potential for min/maxing optimal defense via location, choke points, certain set ups, etc.You start out at level 1 with one of the characters, being able to level up perks when you hit a certain level. In-game you can also have mini level-ups called talent ups to further individualize gameplay style, such as increase HP, or increase damage, which reset upon the end of the game. It looks like the gameplay is leaning heavily towards multiplayer so I'd assume it's MUCH more fun with friends.I realize this is an Early Access game, and I'm looking forward to this game's future as it has so much potential to be an amazing game. It's already ridiculously addictive, and so far I've only played 1 game with another player (I've done a few games solo). Dev's are quick to respond and are constantly updating the game, making this game's future very bright. At the moment, I started the game at 7/22/17 which would be during Patch 0.4.Pros:+ Easy learning curve+ Great concept+ Fun and extremely addictingCons:- Needs more characters- Fluidity for jumping is not very smooth, little details such as characters waiting around the game lobby have parts of their body clipping through the ground- Needs an option to be able to join during a game, many players just simply start the game because no one at the EXACT moment of game lobby creation will wait around for people who may possibly jump online and find a match - this deters players from playing and enjoying the game to the full potential- Game is connected via client side host, so lag issues persistTL;DR:8/103rd person action-defense styled after Dungeon Defenders/Orcs Must Die but in a more mature way. Extremely addicting tower defense-esque game in which you plot strategic defensive placements while you control one of a handful of unique characters with their own playstyle. Early Access still but has a lot of potential to be great.Will keep updating my review as the patches roll in.7/22/17 Patch 0.4:So far the only ""complaint"" I have, is the way joining games are handled. If under the ""Ping"" column it says ""Game Started"" you just can't join, at all. Though the dev's have said they are working to implement a way to join these games."
76561198017418708,Recommended,628710,33547406,Posted: 14 July,all,天诛,"First of all let me say that even though I ""recommend this game"" I do not urge anyone to buy it. It is an Early Access game and currently there aren't many players around and I doubt it will generate more ( as with many EA games ).Now onto the review.It is a weird game. It feels like a stable beta BUT it needs A LOT of polish. From Hit detection / sounds / animations melee combat and enemy reactions / death animations ETC. It needs a LOT of work. It is playable as it is now and its quite enjoyable but only if you have friends to play it with. It seems like difficulty does not adjust to 1 Player.Personally it gives me Kingdom Under Fire Circle of Doom vibe. Except combat mechanics are shallow and does not have proper hit detection / animations / sounds as I have mentioned before. It feels like you are swinging a stick with no resistance to flesh and bone which is a let down for me. No blood splatter etc. Bottom line : Needs more polish! / updates.I got this game because I got hooked up on Dungeon Defenders. However I hate aestetics of DD.This game is more mature visually and I personally like it. There is enough perks to choose from and even skills after each wave you can choose ( those are lost after the match but Perks stay with a character. ) Strategy mechanics are... simple however I would appreciate some sort of manual so you can read about the defensive units ( str and weaknesess ). Enemies seem to pass one another or clutter I would appreciate if they had walk in line :P so you can see properly when they attack. A lot of games in this genre suffer from these issues. Gameplay as in melee / shooting mechanics are arcady' and unprecise. Coming from Dark Souls this feels really weak.I do hope they improve on UI and GFX a bit. There is this blur all over the place and I can't seem to change it ;/ I want my games crisp / sharp : ) Also I wish they had implemented zoom / zoom out from a character and Map Overview.There is enough maps for EA and currently only 3 characters to choose from. Game didn't crash even once and it seems online matchmaking works well ( albeit I haven't had a chance to find a lobby and test for lag ). Give it 6 - 12 months and if they do polish it up I would recommend to give it a try."
,Recommended,628710,32235680,Posted: 7 June,all,PO,Has potential to be something great
76561198093696020,Recommended,628710,33587530,Posted: 16 July,all,CASP3R,if all orcs must die was a solid beta that was set in the dark souls/bloodborne universe you would get this game. right now it still feels like the early access that it is. looking forward to seeing how it develops
76561198098214461,Recommended,628710,32415767,Posted: 14 June,all,andy_menear,"Worth more than £11,  fun, you can feel the tension as the enemy swarms in"
76561198023340319,Not Recommended,628710,32626222,Posted: 21 June,all,FixXxeR,"Not recommended in current state (21-6-2017)+ Concept (big fan of interactive TD, like DD, Sactum, etc)+ Looks- music- defence system (random orbs)- speed (to slow)- Depth (current state is pretty shallow)To my opinion, paid EA games need te be more than just the barebone concept"
,Not Recommended,628710,32243117,Posted: 7 June,all,wwwizzarrdry,"Controller support is horrible. Xbox controller doesnt work in most of the menus so you need a mouse to start the game.Then, once you''re in, its a framerate nightmare and the gane doesn't respond to your controller half the time.This game has potential but its probably more than a year away from a proper release. Feels more like a money grab in its present state.The folks over at Robot Ent. actually know how to program, so i'd recommend ''Orcs Must Die 2' over this alpha release for now.hopefully I'm wrong, but they have a lot of work to do before this is anything more than a prototype."
