user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198044110464,Recommended,628900,32284393,Posted: 8 June,all,Calavontis,"Alright if you already play Terra Mystica, yes, this is way better than what we have currently for online gaming.  The interface is solid, although things are a little clumped and you need to do some clicking and open some menus.  But since it's terra mystica, that's like a given.As a big time terra mystica lover, I am trilled to find this game.If you DON""T know what Terra mystica is, it's one of the most heavy borad games out there.  It is praised for it's depth and complexity, a boardgame that incorporate a lot of boardgames mechanics such as worker placement, resource management, terrtorial dispute, timing, etc.  It's a really well done board game.Problem: if you don't enjoy heavy and in depth board games, don't bother with this.  Please leave.  This♥♥♥♥♥♥ain't Settlers of Catan, although it may look like it at first glance.  My friends complained to me that this is worse than doing taxes when I tried to teach them this.  One of them rather do his CS homework than play it.Explanation: Terra mystica isn't so much as complicated than it is dense.  There is a lot of mechanic and stuff that you have to know about.  None of them is difficult to understand, it's jsut that there is a lot.  The real issue is that every turn your action seems compleatly arbitrary.  You will start off not knowing what you are suppose to do.  There seems to be so many ways to get points, so many ways to make reasources, etc etc.  But that's the whole strategy of it.  The entire game is based aroudn coming up with a plan during the set up, and know how you can maximize your points while growing your economy.  Knowing where to compete and where to spend reasource in order to disrupt opponent.  It is a really well made game in the sense the strategies are truely fun to solve.  Again, this is meant for people who love games because they enjoy learning as part of the process and solving the startegies.Lastly, you know what is really amazing.  This game has zero luck factor.  Okay well maybe 5%.  It is all in the set up.  You see what the tiles for points and passing bonuses are, and the rest is all up to playe decisions.  No dice, no RNG, no bulls*it, ALL SKILL."
76561197964120473,Not Recommended,628900,32306482,Posted: 9 June,all,bigfuzzymonster,"06/2017 I was really excited to see this get ported to Steam.  I was tempted to get it for Tabletop Simulator, but I didn't feel like managing all the bits, and I would have liked an AI to play against.The good:It's Terra Mystica with the rules enforced, no fiddling around!AI to play against!The bad:The interfacethe interfaceand the interface.Oh. My.GodEyes.Seriously, this looks like it was directly ported from aniPadiPhone, with the graphics scaled up proportionally (though thankfully done in higher resolution).Everything is HUGE.  It's like playing with binoculars strapped to your face.  I can't do it.  I just can't.I have to move my laptop 5 feet away just so I can make a menu choice, everything is so in my face.  And then it zooms back out to the map, so I have to get close to the laptop again.  This isn't such a big deal because I happen to keep my laptop on a conveyor belt, but I'm wearing out the backwards/forwards buttons FAST!Basic tile selection that you can do easily wiith a physical copy is impossible because everything is 4 times as big as it needs to be.Glancing at 5 inches of bonus tile choices becomes scanning across 14 inches screen.Choosing your starting race involves scrolling through fist sized icons of race portraits.  Look at your fist.  Just look at it.  Thats how big the icons are.  WHY???I just can't recommend the game currently as it is.  Do yourself a favor and look at some screen shots, full sized, and get an idea of what you're going to be in for."
,Not Recommended,628900,32338097,Posted: 11 June,all,Humuhumunukunuku,"As a huge fan of the boardgame, this was rather dissapointing.Pro's:- The board is as gorgeous as ever- The computer keeps track of how you can spend power and other resources so you dont have to- Way faster setup than the boardgame- Option to ""always accept power"" if the VP cost is low enough.Con's:- Clunky interface, tutorial blocks itself with text boxes- You have to add friends that are already your friends on steam to play with them- TERRIBLE settings. No volume sliders even.- Ugly graphics (very basic, feels like a game from early 2000's) in general for the stuff not ripped from the game- Unintuitive interface! For me this is the biggest deal. It's not apparent how to cancel an action for example. If I need to remember which are adjacent terrains for terraforming I have to go through several clicks. There's no confirmation or clear hitbox when placing priest on the cult track.- No option to use the ""always accept power when under X victory points cost"" in single player.Overall, I sadly cannot recommend the game in its current state."
76561197987967350,Not Recommended,628900,34109448,Posted: 8 August,all,Sandmann,"First of all:I own the boardgame version of this and also have the mobile app.Sadly I can not recommend Terra Mystica on Steam right now for several reasons:1. It is just a bad mobile app port. Let me explain:Basically they did not adjust the controls and UI at all. It still feels and handles like an app. It is clunky and counterintuitive. Some buttons are just huuuge. Like my fist huge. Indicators on what to do are missing. as well as tooltips. No effort was put into the UI for the port - that is clear.2. The graphics are a mess. Some are just a big blur, because they where obviously never made to be shown on such a big screen. This is completely inconsistent though. So some graphics are fine, but most are blurred. To this day and after several patches there where not any improvements to this. Even though it is a pretty easy and fast job to replace still images. I mean we are not talking about 3D Models here.3. The netcode / servers just don't work properly (whatever it is). Right now it is simply unplayable with a friend. Constant desyncs. You have to restart the game every 2 minutes to get updates on the progress. AI is not adjustable. This is supposed to be a Multiplayer game it always was. So a main core feature is simply not working.Update: 31.08.2017 - The desyncs are a bit better now. But it happens at least once per game that you have to restart the game because of network problems. AI gets stuck in MP mode, so you can forget playing with it - so if you can not gather 2-3 friends you are out of luck.4. Even the Singleplayer is of no use. The AI is laughable at the moment. They have 3 AI setting  - all of them easy. But even on easy the ""smartest"" of them takes 15 whole seconds for its turns. So with 3 KI opponents it takes sometimes up to 45 seconds until I can do something again. I wouldn't have a problem with it if they would not suck so hard. Sometimes they just do random stuff. Sometimes they completely ♥♥♥♥ up their turn. Turns not even the most dense player would do. So yes - Singleplayer is merely there for slight practice - nothing more.- Edit: 31.08.2017: To this day they still have not added the promised harder KI (medium and hard settings) but are working on the DLC for some reason. Selling this as a fullprice title is a joke. This game is far from ready.Edit for more points:5. The game is full with bugs. It seems that every patch, when they fix a part something else breaks. Multiplayer is currently unplayable. What is a bit strange to me is, that they do not concentrate on delivering a finished and polished product ( or at least it seems like that ) - they rather spend their time at building a DLC.I am rly sad that I have to give it a thumbs down right now. Wish it would not be the case.Once the bugs and huge problems are fixed this will be a great game but until then I can not recommend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,628900,32367794,Posted: 12 June,all,Colonel Cupcake,"TL;DR 4/10, unclear/not fully encompassing tutorial, buggy, and unattractive digital board game.Pros:+ The game itself has potential+ Different theme music for each class+ deep strategyCons:+ Terrible tutorial+ Rampant spelling and grammatical errors+ Extremely limited options menu+ Many bugs/errorsI was very disappointed with this game. I bought this with no prior knowledge of the board game, but am an avid digital board gamer so I thought I’d give it a go.The tutorial is not only confusing and not fully encompassing, but it’s filled to the brim with spelling and grammatical errors which was really distracting for me. The options menu is extremely limited, giving you only the possibility of full volume sound or muting. In addition to this, the AI player speed options are only slow, medium, and fast, not terrible, but certainly not ideal.The game is the definition of too much. The various menu’s you must use for gameplay are VERY busy and overwhelming looking. I understand that with a deeply strategic game there is a lot going on and it can be difficult to simplistically convey that to the player, but this is plainly not the way to do it. The number of completely separate windows you have to open on a single turn is really cumbersome and takes away from the enjoyment of the game.This game is still new, which means it has the possibility of being improved, so I will keep checking up on it to see if it gets any better. For now, would not recommend."
76561198002568256,Not Recommended,628900,32300913,Posted: 9 June,all,Morvas,Playing against AI. There is a network error. Pleae check your connection. Game resets to the menu. This has happened 3 games in a row. Why do I need network connetion to play a AI game!?!
76561198023037882,Not Recommended,628900,32333971,Posted: 10 June,all,Jester,"As others have noted, the interface is absolutely atrocious.But as I found out the tutorial is completely unplayable, with large chunks of the explanation and game play zipping by, unreadable, leaving me completely at a loss to how to play.  They do provide a link to an online copy of the rules, which was better than nothing, but they still leave a lot unexplained, and a lot of basic stuff to be figured out by trial and error."
,Not Recommended,628900,32310337,Posted: 10 June,all,Stroom,"I was really hyped about this game, especially on PC. But the PC version is a blatant copy of the mobile version. This immediately drives me away from the game.PC screen is larger so you could easily fit more info on the main screen. Swapping through different screens manually is so annoying. And often you don't even notice all the things going on in the game due to that.Bug: When playing vs AI, even if the game ends, it will never be ""over"", just saved in the Running Games section forever. Or you have to cancel the game.Please create a new UI for the PC version. The current one makes you seem like you wanted to lazily grab more money out of PC gamers."
76561198032323857,Recommended,628900,32285004,Posted: 8 June,all,BlindshO_oter,"The game is very good, I've been playing iOS version and it has all what it should have. And I definitely recommend the game to any boardgamers and those who dares to step into the world of top-5 board games of all time.Although, there are few things that I'd like to be improved and mostly all of the issues are because this game was a port from mobile platform. The full screen pop-ups (when you click on faction icon or any of the menus) are way to big and I suggest them to have some max size, because on my big screen this looks unnecessary cumbersome and inconvenient. Same for cult tracks - now you see up to 4th position but I don't see why not picture whole tracks if screen allows. I hope my points are clear - game is great, AI is decent, user interface is what bothers me right now."
76561197985172866,Not Recommended,628900,33974406,Posted: 2 August,all,Deke Zander,"I enjoy Terra Mystica, but this is a shameful iteration that feels more like a bad mobile port than a fully fleshed out PC game. It's riddled with graphical bugs and typos, the animations are weak and robotic, and the UI feels like it was meant for an iPad. It's a barely passable game missing about 3 months of polish. I can only recommend it in its current state if it drops to $5 or less."
,Not Recommended,628900,32352603,Posted: 11 June,all,Soharmanx,"I wanted to give this game a shot, because we love the board game version so much.  Unfortunately it has several issues/bugs:  When you trade in priests to workers / workers to coin it still says you can't afford upgrades and other turn actions you obviously CAN afford.  And trying to report bugs caused the game to crash into an infinite reload mode on me, constantly resetting my turn.I didn't have trouble with the graphics since I play on a TV, and I thought the layout worked fine.  But the bugs make the game practically un-playable.  Until they are fixed I would recommend saving your money for the board game version."
76561197988553621,Not Recommended,628900,32611527,Posted: 21 June,all,Schatzy540,"Broken. A lot of the game could work well, but it is fundamentally broken. At the end of the turn, it gives the cult rewards that should go to you to the person who now has your place in the turn order; so, if I was third last turn, my income for the next turn goes to whoever is third in that turn. You can't play a Eurogame where your economy building ends up being income for a random competitor. Awful and unplayable right now."
76561198003857786,Recommended,628900,32426847,Posted: 14 June,all,Ivan,"Well, the game looks hilarious at the beginning. Enormous icons, inconvenient vertical scrolling (if you use mouse wheel the page will scroll by 1px per 10 or 20 wheel scrolls), inconvenient way to understand what will be after you click somewhere (no popup hints and animation after you hover clickable object).The great minus in the computer version of terra mystica is the algorithm of exchanging power points (PP) to money at the beginning of new turn if available movements of PP exceed the quantity of power points in the third cup. The algorithm is absent!Nevertheless, the game is still perfect and all the minuses written above being ignored after 5 hours of playing."
76561198036823250,Recommended,628900,32411974,Posted: 14 June,all,markakeen,"I've never played the board game, but I'm having a blast with this PC version. I've mostly just been playing the AI, but I do have some turn-based games going too.I'm really surprised that the game is getting such negative reviews. The interface is a little clumsy, for sure, but it's manageable once you've gotten used to it. I am at nearly 18 hours already, after only a few days.Everyone keeps saying that the game is a port from mobile. People have got hung up on this, and they are wrong. These days developers build games from the ground up, so that they can be released on multiple platforms all at once. It is not a port from a mobile platform, but a game build decision that makes it possible to actually release it cost effectively for them and at a reasonable price for us. It also means that players can compete together regardless of the platform they are playing on, which means multi player games have access to a much bigger player pool.It seems that many reviewers here would prefer games developers to simply skip the PC market altogether..."
76561198061859631,Recommended,628900,32634715,Posted: 21 June,all,drsmoothpants,"I'd never heard of this game before, but my wife and I love boardgames in this vein. Kind of ""Settlers of Catan"" meets ""Stone Age"" combined with ""Small World"" and a dash of ""Seasons"". That isn't 100% accurate, but it might give you an idea of what to expect. There were some hurdles learning how everything worked, and the UI doesn't include tooltips, but after muddling through a couple of games we get how everything works now and it's a lot of fun. The program isn't without some rough edges, but I'm in no way disappointed with my purchase."
76561198082060403,Not Recommended,628900,33977184,Posted: 2 August,all,gslu16,"the tutorial is helpless.  if you are new to this game, you can hardly enjoy it."
,Recommended,628900,35427881,Posted: 2 October,all,Alex Jones,"This game is amazing... if you can get around the terrible, unintuitive, and buggy UI as well as it's complete lack of explaination of the game mechanics.Basically, this game is a lot like Settlers of Catan. You build cities, you get points, player with the most points win. However, this games strength is the complete lack of dice rolls and RNG that enhances the skill cap rather than hampers it.For instance:In Settlers of Catan, you can get absolutely screwed and play a game where the diceroll never lands on the resource you need.In Terra Mystica, however, you don't have those streaks of bad luck. Resources are determined by your buildings. Everything you do is left entirely up to you, meaning there is no sense of getting screwed by RNG that you ocassionally find in similar games.However, the game is incredibly complicated with 5 or 6 separte layers that all need detailed explaination and the game does a pretty poor job of explaining it to you. Hell, I still don't understand how the 3 power pools work. But after a few rounds most of the game should make sense.Get this game if:You don't mind one of the worst and most frustrating UIs you've ever seen.Learning the games incredibly complex mechanics by trial and error.Have friends to play it with who enjoy deep strategy.Avoid it if:This is your first deep strategy board game.You don't want to sink multiple rounds just to figure out how to play.You're just planning to play against the AI.I, personally, love it and my girlfriend and I have a blast trying to come up with cool strategies but the actual polish on this game is very, very poor."
,Recommended,628900,32302688,Posted: 9 June,all,Graydon,"The game translates the boardgame well to the PC. I have played the board game ten to twenty times and was able to make my way around the interface fairly well. The game is adapted from mobile which shows in how many of the information screens take up the entire monitor, but there are a few handy popout screens on the right and left that give some of the more important information at a glance.I would reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys the board game."
76561198029300088,Not Recommended,628900,32353829,Posted: 11 June,all,yenkin2001,"I am mixed on this game, I have not played the board game as I have tried to read the rules a  few times and have not really got a feel for how to play the game.  That also includes watching a few videos.  Since first impressions is typically what I base games on, on first play thorugh I got to say I am on the fence.  I had to go back and look at Rahdo's run through to finally get a better idea of how the game is played.After a second game while I rate it a no, it really is bubbling up to a maybe. despite  the interface which is in line with what they did with a few other digtal board games, however because of the number of menus it does come across a bit clunky.  No horrible but not that great either.  I would say Adequate is a good word on the interface. I would like to have seen my player matt on the main screen, I think they could have made better use of the screen all and all.There is a tutorial, but to tell you the truth it really does not go into how to play, it shows you how to go through the motions but trying to figure out how to play, not really a big help.  I got through my first game and lost, 133 to 111 which apprently is not to bad. But had no clue what I was doing.  Because I think the playe matt is hidden you miss the relationship between what is going on.  Cause and effect is missing, i suppose more play will help make this game more understandable, but not sure.  The tutorial  might have benefited by a bit more hand holding through a beginner game.All and all, for 12$ Canadian it is not a big investment, but if I was to base myself buying the board game based on the digital version i would say no thank you, but maybe perseverance will pay off."
76561197992213591,Recommended,628900,32348436,Posted: 11 June,all,this30mg,"Pros:Fun game.  Never played the actual boardgame, but this game is just fun.  Mechanics are good.  Strategy seems deep.only $10Cons:interface bad.  clunky.  Not a huge deal but still.  game is only $10 after all.Got a few bugs that can get annoying.Tutorial is awful.  Was seriously thinking about just forgetting this whole game and never playing it again after going through the first 4 tutorials.  Don't know how they messed it up this bad.  The way the tutorial explains the game makes no sense.  Its just feels like a jumbled pile of random instructions that give no insight into the rules or mechanics of the game.****Big tip here:  Skip the tutorials and watch one of the instruction videos online about how to play this game instead.  An 18 minute video is infinitely better and will make everything make sense:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Yg2vIWCSmgSkip the tutorials."
,Recommended,628900,32370830,Posted: 12 June,all,Narkulus,"TLDR: 7/10. A great board game port somewhat hampered by its mobile roots.Let me get the bad out of the way first, this is a mobile port with very little enhancement for PC and it shows. The game's use of screen real estate is very unoptimized for large screen monitors. Large Icons and game elements could have been shrunk down and more elements of the board game allowed to occupy the main screen. Two side menus on each side of the game could be left open by default, but everytime you restart the game and even when your turn comes back around, the menus are tucked away again, they should stay open by default as they don't obstruct anything.Some newer players have complained about constantly having to access information hidden away in menus. This is only partially true as most of the info an experienced player needs is on the main screen. For the benefit of those experienced with the game  I'll list the menus that people think have info hidden away and what is actually visible on the main screen without opening those menus. Satellite menus include: resource exchange screen with power bowl, town tile screen, players score status screen, player bonus tile selection screen, favor tile screen, cult track, power tiles, round score tiles. The main screen does present you with a lot of that info without opening those menus including, with the side menus open: home terrain with terraforming costs for other terrains (left side menu open), current round score tile and power tiles available to use (right side menu open). Player info cards at the bottom include: current workers, coins and priests available and income levels for next round, power bowl summary, cult track positions. So that's quite a bit of info available reducing the need to open those menus.So the real star here is the board game itself. Terra Mystica is deep, complex, and presents you with many choices each turn. The game consists of 6 rounds of expanding your fantasy empire using different factions all with their own unique powers. A round consist of 8 possible actions with each player taking one action then the next player taking their action, this continues until all players have passed and then the next round begins with each player recieving their income and performing their actions again. Every round has a different way to gain points so many of your action choices will revolve around what will score points during that round. The game has some interesting synergy, when you build certain structures next to a neighbor, you get a discount, in turn, they get the option of gaining power at the cost of some victory points based on the value of their adjacent buildings involved. Power is very important for some actions, but so are victory points, so it's an interesting trade-off to consider. There are many ways to earn points throughout the game and of course the winner is the faction with the most points at the end of round 6.A future expansion ""Fire and Ice"" are included in the price and will add more factions and game elements.Single player has 4 easy AIs based on time starting with a 1 second thinking AI up to a pretty tough 15 second thinker. A Medium and  Hard ""learning"" AI are promised in a future update.Multiplayer has chat and is cross-platform so you can play with Android and iOS players and games seem readily available.A lot of reviews and players have bashed the tutorial pretty hard. I'll just say that this is a complex game and writing a long complex tutorial to cover all elements of the game would have been an expensive time sink for a small team, so I personally had no problems reading up and watching some cardboard playthroughs. I didn't bother with the tutorial.Overall, I find Terra Mystica a gem of a board game and can easily forgive the shortcomings this digital implementation has. A must buy for true board game fans.Pros:Uses original board game art with only a few digital embellishments.Easy AI is pretty good with harder ""learning"" AI to come.Fire and Ice expansion will be included in a future update.Deep, thought provoking gameplay with little left for chance.Cross Platform play for multiplayer.Ability to play a deep boardgame on something other than a phone/tablet.Cons:Mobile roots are obvious.Oversized elements meant to be visible on mobile are oversized on large monitors.Screen real estate not optimized for PC monitors, needs more game elements on-screen.No tooltips make it a little tough for newcomers.Game is too complex for the tutorial, newcomers should probably watch a cardboard playthru."
76561197968515916,Recommended,628900,32574461,Posted: 19 June,all,WereChihuahua,"Nearly perfect digital conversion of one of the top rated boardgames. Slick interface, high production values and since the mobile versions have been out for a while and updated several times we got a much more finished product on PC. The iPhone guys did all our beta testing for us. LOL.It is NOT a simple game and the tutorial only teaches you how to use the interface, not how to play the game well. Go to BoardGameGeek and watch some videos on the tubes to get a better idea. I have played upwards of 60 matches now against the 1 second (easiest) AI opponents and not won yet. It is a very deep game strategy wise and people who are dice phobic should note that there is NO rendom factor in the game at all. It is ALL skill.I like this one enough to have bought it on Steam, iOS and Android."
,Not Recommended,628900,32373024,Posted: 12 June,all,Drorian,"I played the tabletop version and bought this, it's really unoptimized, cumbersome menus you need to popup to be able to play, no way to save*, pace way too slow.Be warned, if you try to press an icon you don't know the purpose of you could be disconnected from your local vs ai game, happened 3 times in a row.This is a really terrible port, probably from the tablet version, definitely not worth the money nor the time.*edit: ok so thanks to a comment I found out there actually is a way to save and keep playing the LOCAL games you've been kicked from for some reason, still no way to save and reload at a specific point in the game, maybe to undo a misclick on a terraforming or special action that cannot be changed during one of the last turns.Also there is a way to speed up the animations, still having to wait minutes for the ia to spend a single power point per coin at a time tho, making the wait time a bit tedious.maybe if I didn't fear losin my progress due to pressing those no-tooltip icon I could've better explored the mazelike menus."
,Not Recommended,628900,32373277,Posted: 12 June,all,TheJoat,"I REALLY wanted to like this game, but the interface kills it.   Unlike the board game where everything is easily viewable, you have to constantly go back and forth between multiple screens, and I often forget to look at something and have to go back because I'm reminded of another alternative.    There are unexplained options just starting the game.   In the game, there are some indicators that I have yet to figure out.And, just as I was about to win, I can't continue the game.   Round 5 ended with a free spade, and there's no place to dig that only costs one spade.   I have zero workers and zero gold.   Argh!TL;DR.   The interface is not nearly as good as everybody says."
,Not Recommended,628900,32354816,Posted: 11 June,all,WeCringeAbout,"Too barebones, UI is a clunky outside of the network issues I wouldn't really recommend this for someone who just interested in the game. Tutorial lacks finesse, the text gets in your way of playing the tutorial. Seems like a mobile game not a PC game. UI Information isn't displayed well.Based on this company's port of agricola I'd say the base of making board games and tutorials were done and they decided to quickly port two popular board games they could get the rights to.Must like the board game to start with to overlook the issues with this board game port."
,Not Recommended,628900,32309923,Posted: 9 June,all,Sid,"One of my favorite board games.  Not bad version for $10, but network errors which kill local vs AI games... major ow.  I cannot give a thumbs up until that is fixed.  Noticed a few other weird bugs as well, e.g. I did a terraform + build action, forgetting I already had max dwellings out, but the game still asked then let me pay the 1w2c, and didn't place a dwelling.  Oops."
76561198010119332,Recommended,628900,33929803,Posted: 31 July,all,lauregv,Very good game.
76561198075402000,Recommended,628900,33693308,Posted: 21 July,all,John Hunter,"I've been playing the Terra Mystica board game for a few years and I love this online version. The AI is indeed easy, but I'm only a moderate player so it feels good to win for a change (sometimes only just; it's usually a nail-biter).Be warned though; if you've never played the board game you'll probably find it a confusing experience. The tutorial is pretty basic and I couldn't finish it due to an interface glitch. The PDF didn't fill in all the gaps and I had to Google what some of the interface elements meant. An in-game Help screen would have been handy.Apart from a few niggles, the user interface does an admirable job of putting the sprawling board layout onto a screen. I play on the TV in my lounge so I appreciate that they didn't condense everything into one display area and opted for multiple screens. The graphics are faithful to the board game, and the theme music for the factions is atmospheric and non-obtrusive.It only has two maps and the basic races, but it does have some of the mini-expansion tiles and scrolls, which has been a pleasant novelty for me. I'm definitely going to buy the expansion. Hopefully, it will have extra maps as well as the new races and a more challenging AI."
,Recommended,628900,33921460,Posted: 30 July,all,Tellus Eidolon,"Largely, I'd call this a great representation of the original cardboard version of the game.Personally, I think the overall UI design is great. It's easy to get an overview of the most relevant information, and everything else is handy either by pullout or easily accessible button.The art, the animation and the general ordering of UI elements is great.The game's problem, however, should be found in the implementation. From the opening dialog (that screams ""Unity developer without much experience"") to several UI bugs (in particular related to resetting your actions before committing) are very glitchy. As long as you don't get too frisky with your inputs, the game reacts fine, though.Some people might prefer Juho's version, but I much prefer this one in all but community - and the latter might still come around."
,Not Recommended,628900,33289214,Posted: 5 July,all,pakoito,I wasn't able to complete the tutorial or my first game because some of the UI windows would get stuck or in an inconsistent state. This happened when using the undo function. No Medium or Hard AI is a big minus too.
76561198097363977,Recommended,628900,32306955,Posted: 9 June,all,Super adu,比较期待联网模式能更直观一些，思考时间可以低于100s就更好了
76561198037680270,Recommended,628900,32295335,Posted: 9 June,all,Gixkung,OMG !! 1 move per 72 hr ??? see you tomorrow.
,Recommended,628900,32280550,Posted: 8 June,all,XCFRES,It's Terra Mystica on Steam. 10/10
,Recommended,628900,32327991,Posted: 10 June,all,Benkyo,"""Three computer difficulties"" is currently false. ""Medium"" and ""hard"" are labelled ""coming soon"" and are not available for selection. The ""easy"" difficulty is split up into thinking time categories, from 1 second to 15 seconds, but it seems to make little difference.Very tempted to give the game a thumbs down for that lie alone, but multi-player is what any board game adaption is all about, and I'm just happy to see this available for Windows."
,Recommended,628900,32327744,Posted: 10 June,all,tgchaplain,"So I was on the fence about this, being concerend about the interace on this amazing board game. I finally decided to just give it a go. I gotta say, I'm really happy with how this turned out. The visuals on pretty on point, the optics are fine. The UI is a bit much, but that's because there are a ton of different options for this game. But be clear, this game is not for the feint of heart. It's a very dense game with a lot of different ways to play it. The tutorial is more so there to teach you how to play the electronic version and isn't so much a break down of how to play the game as a whole. There is an option to see the rules via a web browser, but this version was clearly meant for people who are already fans and know how to play.If you are a fan of the board game and are patient with adjusting with learning how to manage a digital version of the game, this is for you. Highly recommended as a board game geek myself."
76561198030755232,Recommended,628900,32350563,Posted: 11 June,all,Owll,"If you know the game,skip the tutorial.Get use of the interface...it takes time...But after that, its Terra Mystica gainst a good AI.Love it.If you do not know the game...well buy the boardgame because you will be lost."
76561198008925748,Recommended,628900,32884663,Posted: 27 June,all,Stevil,"Awesome board game gets an awesome video game port.  There's a bit of a learning curve if you haven't played the tabletop version, but there are plenty of youtube videos that can show you how fairly quickly."
76561197983456469,Recommended,628900,34805063,Posted: 7 September,all,BrazilianRogue,"Not the most attractive representation of the board game, but the mechanics are all there. The quality of life enhancements finally make it possible to have a ""quick"" game of TM. Overall I've enjoyed this game/version. Not for first timers though. This version doesn't do quite enough to be a good learning tool. But it being Terra Mystica, maybe nothing short of a few patient friends and 6 hours will ever be good enough."
,Not Recommended,628900,35030921,Posted: 17 September,all,Auzette,"I looked forward to Terra Mystica, not just for myself but for others who could learn the game and enjoy it that didn't have a nearby audience that would be attuned to these types of games.The digital version, instead of facilitating adoption, inhibits it with a grossly haphazard interface that adds even *more* confusing learning points than the game itself.Terra Mystica is a simple game with lots of iconic considerations. The digital version obscures the simplicity beyond esoteric interface decisions, a tutorial that leaves more questions than answers, and a lackluster presentation rife with inconsistencies and dead ends.As a rendition of Terra Mystica, it's sufficient in the way a service elevator will get you to another floor, and no more. Absolutely could have been a highmark achievement and an opportunity to make Terra Mystica available to a large audience, but fails."
