user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198034642823,Recommended,629000,34309926,Posted: 17 August,all,Citizen of Steel City,"This review was written in English and Russian in purpose to save your money and time.«You pass by a little child, you pass by, spiteful, with ugly words, with wrathful heart; you may not have noticed the child, but he has seen you, and your image, unseemly and ignoble, may remain in his defenseless heart. You don't know it, but you may have sown an evil seed in him and it may grow, and all because you were not careful before the child, because you did not foster in yourself a careful, actively benevolent love»/Fyodor Dostoyevsky/Lydia is a story-driven game about substance abuse from a perspective of a small child developed by a Finnish indie development team.A feeling of pure hopelessness surrounds this poor girl's story, and as she delves deeper into a surreal journey with her pink Teddy bear, players discover the increasing severity of her fractured world. It's a mournful experience, for sure, but it's also emotionally draining and incredibly dark so if you're looking for pure escapism don't play Lydia.“A beast can never be as cruel as a human being, so artistically, so picturesquely cruel.”/Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov/Lydia is not a traditional adventure game that involves in-depth puzzle-solving or inventory management you'll only interact with whatever's available at the moment in every chapter which consists of no more than three side-scrolling screens.Instead of dialog trees you select Lydia’s emotional state but I think your choice doesn’t affect the story. The gameplay itself consists of clicking environmental objects and through dialogs which need to trigger some specific actions. There’s only one mini game in Lydia (very simple one) so getting stuck or stumped is impossible.The game skillfully shows different parts of Lydia’s life in several chapters. We see how she’s searching “a monster” from a child to an adult daughter of a manipulative alcoholic. The ending of the game is particularly poignant.«And the more I drink the more I feel it. That's why I drink too. I try to find sympathy and feeling in drink.... I drink so that I may suffer twice as much!»/Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment/While the story remains strong there’re some problems. First, you can see some mistakes throughout the subtitles, ranging from simple grammatical issues to full-blown misspellings. Second, the use of foul language almost seems forced and out of place.«Love children especially, for they too are sinless like the angels; they live to soften and purify our hearts and, as it were, to guide us. Woe to the man who offends a small child»/Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov/Having completed the game in less than two hours I have mixed feelings about Lydia.It did not feel like an adventure. It is rather a very short interactive story besides not very fun. Even if you would like the game you don’t enjoy it.I recommend the game only to those people who like a gameplay-lite adventures that deals with real-world problems particularly those of a darker nature like Lidia.I was impressed by this depressing story about wrecking a family because of alcohol addiction and emotional abuse but it’ so incredibly short so I do suggest you ought to wait a discount.«Grown-up people do not know that a child can give exceedingly good advice even in the most difficult case»/Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot/Love and care for your family._____________________________________________________________________«Вы проходите мимо маленького ребенка, вы проходите мимо, злобно, с уродливыми словами, с гневным сердцем; вы, возможно, не заметили ребенка, но он вас видел, и ваш образ, неприличный и неблагородный, может оставаться в его беззащитном сердце. Вы этого не знаете, но вы, возможно, посеяли в нем злобное семя, и оно может расти, и все потому, что вы не были осторожны перед ребенком, потому что вы не воспитывали в себе осторожную, активно доброжелательную любовь»/Ф.М. Достоевский/Лидия - это разработанная финской инди-командой игра о злоупотреблении психоактивными веществами, рассказанная с точки зрения маленького ребенка.Чувство чистой безнадежности окружает историю этой бедной девочки, и, когда она погружается глубже в сюрреалистическое путешествие со своим розовым плюшевым мишкой, игроки обнаруживают возрастающую тяжесть ее раздробленного мира. Конечно, это скорбный опыт, а также эмоционально опустошающий и невероятно мрачный, поэтому если вы ищете чистого эскапизма, не играйте в Лидию.«Зверь никогда не может быть так жесток, как человек, так артистически, так художественно жесток»/Ф.М. Достоевский «Братья Карамазовы»/Лидия - это не традиционная приключенческая игра, которая включает в себя решение головоломок или управление инвентарем, вы будете взаимодействовать только с тем, что доступно на данный момент в каждой главе, которая состоит из трех экранов (не более).Вместо деревьев диалога вы выбираете эмоциональное состояние Лидии, но я думаю, что ваш выбор не влияет на историю. Что до геймплея, то вы кликаете на объекты и в диалогах, что должно вызывать определенные действия. В Лидии есть только одна мини-игра (очень простая), поэтому застрять и зайти в тупик невозможно.Игра умело показывает разные части жизни Лидии в нескольких главах. Мы видим, как она ищет «чудовище» от ребенка до взрослой дочери алкоголички-манипуляторши. Конец игры оставляет гнетущее впечатление.«И чем более пью, тем более и чувствую. Для того и пью, что в питии сем сострадания и чувства ищу... Пью, ибо сугубо страдать хочу!»/Ф.М. Достоевский «Преступление и наказание»/Хотя история оставляет сильное впечатление, существуют несколько проблем. Во-первых, вы можете увидеть несколько ошибок в субтитрах, начиная от простых грамматических описок и заканчивая действительными орфографическими ошибками. Это относится не только к англоязычной версии игры, но и к русскоязычной. Во-вторых, использование мата кажется почти надуманным и неуместным.«Деток любите особенно, ибо они тоже безгрешны, яко ангелы, и живут для умиления нашего, для очищения сердец наших и как некое указание нам. Горе оскорбившему младенца»/Ф.М. Достоевский «Братья Карамазовы»/По завершении игры менее чем за два часа у меня возникли смешанные чувства к Лидии. Это не приключенческая игра. Это скорее очень короткая интерактивная история, кроме того, не очень-то и веселая. Даже если вам понравится игра, вы не получите удовольствие.Я рекомендую эту игру только тем людям, которые любят не отягощенные геймплеем приключения, которые касаются реальных проблем, особенно тех, что являются мрачными по своей природе.Я был впечатлен этой депрессивной историей о разрушении семьи из-за алкогольной зависимости и эмоционального насилия, но она настолько невероятно коротка, что я настоятельно предлагаю вам подождать скидку.«Взрослые не знают, что ребенок даже в самом трудном деле может дать чрезвычайно важный совет»/Ф.М. Достоевский «Идиот»/Любите и заботьтесь о своей семье."
,Recommended,629000,32181761,Posted: 4 June,all,Raikors,"SummaryPlatonic Partnership's début gameLydiais a short, 1h+ adventure story tackling an unpleasant subject matter.In detailThe reason I decided to pick up and play this particular game was mostly due to having read the books of one of writers of the game. Especially one book about the history of adventure games and their design evolution through the years was an interesting read. Hearing he'd be making an adventure game of his own my initial thoughts were that the game should be coming from someone who has a love for adventure games and knowledge about designing them despite not having previous game-making experience. Are they able to harness that knowledge and incorporate it in Lydia's design was the question.There's not much in terms of actual gameplay, classic adventure game puzzles or challenge for that matter; You're mostly just reading dialogue and moving the character to the next point of interaction. Actual dialogue choices are implemented as selecting ""a mood"" for the response, which isn't a new thing but can work a lot better than having a word-to-word list of phrases to pick from. I don't know how much (if at all) the choices affect the progress or outcome of the story as I only played through the game once, but at least there's some variance.Where I think the game shines the most is in its hand-drawn background and character art. The backgrounds aren't always ultra detailed but the surreal perspectives, overall dark tone and use of graphical filters is consistent throughout. Most of the audio stuff was also surprisingly good, but I wasn't particularly fond of the ""pseudo-language"" voice acting the game has. It affected my ability to imagine the voices of the characters myself and I would've much preferred to be able to toggle that off.As final technical notes: The game didn't properly capture mouse cursor inside the window in full screen mode which made it a bit annoying to play in multi-monitor setup. Some people have also experienced issues with saving/loading the game, but as I played through the game in one sitting that didn't affect me. I also played the 1.0 version so these issues will probably be addressed in the future patches.RecommendationAll things considered, it is not flawless but the point of the story comes across and the style makes it worthy of checking out. I'll probably do another playthrough after a few patches to see if there are different paths to the story."
,Recommended,629000,32750545,Posted: 24 June,all,katzeapfel,"i am impressed and touched by this short ""game"" because of many reasons, two of them are very personal - but i guess thats what ""user reviews"" are all about: to get as much subjective (!) opinions about something you're interested in as possible to help you decide if it is something for you or not... the personal reasons:i got a father myself quite recently (my little boy is almost 8 months old), so you have to understand that i judge (any) media regarding children now very differently (i guess, you know what i mean if you have children yourself). in my opinion lydia is a powerful reminder of how much influence and responsibility parents have and how important it is to be aware of that.the other personal reason isthat my parents are divorced too, so i know a little bit about that.i love the small but great ideas in lydia, which distinguish the ""game"" from others of the same kind. i really enjoyed the mixture between humour, the overall pacing (the game is short, but the way how it unfolds is very well done imho) and the childish, naive tone in which the makers approach important, very serious and dark adult themes in a fresh way. bravo for that!i also love the artwork. the backgrounds are very atmospheric, the character design very creative and spot on and the animations are perfectly fitting for what lydia wants to be. dialogues made me smile, think, suffer and wonder, clicking anxious to reveal the next one, which is a lot of praise in times where aaa-production chats beween characters can't make me feel anything anymore. its a great mixture between exaggerated cliches, realistic lifelike extracts and dreamlike inbetweens.the sound and music was very well placed too and i really enjoyed that you did not have tutorial boxes and information about where to click and what to do anywhere - lydia forces you to find out - playfully, which is a good thing.the ""game"" plays with your expectations, keeps suprising and i am glad that i had the opportunity to ""play"" it. so, thank you platonic partnership, can't wait to see more from you guys in the future. for generations to come."
76561198024805343,Recommended,629000,32194398,Posted: 5 June,all,Farelle,"I have to say that I didn't expect this game to affect me quite as much, even though I had to deal with similar childhood issues. In that sense I have to say they really did great on capturing some of the less well known effects on someones psyche, which is the judgement, the anxiety, the hopelessness and the extreme unfairness that comes from growing up in such a situation, but because they did it so well and it hit me so unexpectedly, I also have to give out a bit of a warning. If you had a childhood where parents or caregivers were having any form of alcoholism or addiction, you might want to be careful with this game, because for me it has triggered quite heavy thoughts.Which in my opinion, is just a sign that they did it really well."
76561198048834324,Recommended,629000,32180907,Posted: 4 June,all,Aarree,"One of the most memorable game experiences I've hadI am a point and click fan, and my expectations were pretty much a point and click game with quite little gameplay, which didn't pose a problem as the writing was definitely something else. This is one of the games which have been circulating in the local game scene, and one which I have been holding high expectations about. They were certainly met, but I didn't realize how high the bar would be set in terms of game writing.Games which have a message quite often lack credibility, and at worst, are tacky and preachy. It is all in the control of the subtleties, really. The art of implication as opposed to heavy handed delivery. I felt genuinely like♥♥♥♥♥♥while playing this and I say this with the highest possible regard. My cynicism as an avid player of story driven games for nearly 30 years was broken with grace. And grace is, which makes this game one of the greats, in terms of story delivery."
,Recommended,629000,32198600,Posted: 5 June,all,Mewna,"Game tells us the story of a little girl called Lydia. Her life is dark and sad, because of her parents alcoholism. Fortunately she finds a way to escape the reality into an imaginary world with her best friend, Teddy the bear.Graphics and audio were great, but for me the story was lacking. It wasn’t dark enough for me. Maybe it’s because I’ve been playing so many dark and disturbing games, that my heart has turned into stone and I can’t feel anymore. Or maybe it’s because I have no first-hand experience of alcoholism in my family.But just because I didn’t like the game, doesn’t mean it’s a bad game. I would recommend Lydia for the fans of story rich and atmospheric games and books."
,Recommended,629000,32299141,Posted: 9 June,all,the-simian,"Lydia is a very short point-and-click style game, very much in the same format as the Telltale games. If you liked those games, you'll likely like this one too. I'ts amazing that a small team can release such an atmospheric title. The best parts of this game are the art and the sound design. It takes a lot for me to praise music and sound design, as I also have done work as a sound designer and am probably picker than most.  It really is excellent, and makes the game good, from the sense of 'space' it provides, to the adorable babbling of the children - it works really well.Visually the game looks like a mix between a comic book and the works of Stephen Gammell, if you remember those from growing up.I really can't stress enough how solid the atmosphere is.As for the story, its pretty heartbreaking. I think your personal experience will very much affect how much it influences your perception of the game.The game isn't 'spooky' but I would say its 'dark' There are some legitimately unerving moments in the game. I don't want to spoil anything, so I won't mention them. The game is short enough, so just see f0r yourself.There are a few blemishes in the game, nothing major. I'll mention them in the effort to make the review through. I detected a couple mispellings, and at one point there was a z-index issue, and I coudl wak behind some furniture. These are pretty minor though, and I suspect they will be fixed by the team.So, who should buy this? Do you want an atmospheric, short story you can finish in about an hour and a half? Buy it. Do you want a fist-full-of-frags? skip it. Do you need 90+ hours of content? Don't. Are you somone that has a busy life and want to experience a game that is succinct and enjoyable? Get it.For me? I thought it was great. I'm happy to suppor this studio - I hope they do more work!"
,Recommended,629000,32203307,Posted: 5 June,all,spilat12,"Great little game with heart-wrenching story that takes you back to somewhat Jungian moments of your childhood where you are left alone and forgotten, trapped inside emotional prison, while seeking escape from the Monster in the darkness of your closet. Especially I would like to pinpoint amazing music and sound effects design, great job!"
,Recommended,629000,32828577,Posted: 26 June,all,The Bait,"I rarely write Steam reviews and even though this game is made by people I'm personally acquainted with, I couldn't resist.The initial impression almost makes the game a disservice. During the first minutes I saw a rough-around-the-edges game with a homely visual style and some clunkiness. I actually had to force myself to continue on another day after trying it for a couple of minutes at first.The story and tone, which are the most important aspects of the game are heavy and personal. I came to realize the sound design and visuals were a very good choice. The story is abstract enough to not be patronizing, yet clear enough to be understood what it's really about. Having experienced alcoholism or similar illness of a relative or a friend makes this game a heart-wrenching and personal experience unlike many others.It's also not a feel-good game. This game will make you sad and angry for all the right reasons. If you go in expecting fun escapism, you're in for a miserable time. The game is also quite short, but it's most likely a good thing. I'm not sure if I could've taken more. At the end I was talking out loud to my computer screen and cursing at the story and characters. This is not something that a run-of-the-mill game or story does to me.My fullest recommendations"
,Recommended,629000,32324086,Posted: 10 June,all,Turbo Tu-Tone,"While the game might be short, clocking in a little over an hour, it's worth every penny! It has gorgeous visuals (keep your screenshot finger ready!) and a gripping, emotional story. The game is a little light on gameplay, with your story choices not having any impact on how events play out, but it isn't a bad ride to be strapped into."
,Recommended,629000,32300713,Posted: 9 June,all,vpostman,"I am going to copy-and-paste from the_simian's review because it really perfectly summarizes how I feel about the game.I will then supplement it with my own notes.""Lydia is a very short point-and-click style game, very much in the same format as the Telltale games. If you liked those games, you'll likely like this one too. I'ts amazing that a small team can release such an atmospheric title. The best parts of this game are the art and the sound design. It takes a lot for me to praise music and sound design, as I also have done work as a sound designer and am probably picker than most. It really is excellent, and makes the game good, from the sense of 'space' it provides, to the adorable babbling of the children - it works really well.""-The sound design was also what sold me on the game.  It's not just the music...it's not even primarily the music, though that is really good, it's the way it's mixed and the ambient noises and everything.  I don't know much professionally about sound design but I am also very picky about music.  They did an ace job.-The illustrations (and it is fair to call them that, they serve a similar purpose and have a similarly sparse composition to the pictures in a children's book) are always engrossing the player and driving the atmosphere.  They are amazingly well crafted.  The animations, especially, are perfectly rough around the edges and sparsely keyframed so as to give the player a sense of dreamlike existential depression, which is not just a tagline.-The descriptions on this site don't do the game justice--I don't know how they could!  But if their elevator pitch scares you away, just remember: I know what the word ""poshlost"" means, and I still liked the story a lot.    Just when you think it's about to turn into a cliche message-story, it maneuvers perfectly ieither into half-charming, visually rich dark comedy or some sort of bizarre magical realist horror tale, and then everything turns back to normal just to string you along.  It's quite clever and very imaginative in a way even I didn't expect.11/10, but in the most literal sense possible.  Only thing it's missing is a follow-up title."
76561198025320158,Recommended,629000,34388046,Posted: 20 August,all,teastained,"Next time you're going to make a game based on my childhood, please ask me first.But for real, I was seeking a short psychological horror game that would emotionally wreck me, and this hit the spot. It's a concept that's been explored before, but that doesn't mean it isn't incredibly important. If you grew up with a parent with substance abuse issues, I highly recommend this game, although it may be triggering. If you did not, but you want a perspective on what that's like, I highly recommend this game.There's not a lot of actual gameplay, though. I don't think your choices impact the ending of the game. Still worth the experience."
76561197972066826,Recommended,629000,33179994,Posted: 3 July,all,Renki,"Lydia dares to approach a subject that has until now been avoided in video games. It's very important for video games as a media and an art form to talk about difficult and hard subjects. Not every game has to be fun and entertaining to be touching. Lydia brings its subject close to the player as only interactive media can.For a small indie studio the developers have made a tremendeously beautiful game. The background art is stunning and the music complements the narrative very well. Animation is a bit clunky but it won't bother either.Lydia is more like an interactive story or a walking simulator in a sense that it doesn't contain puzzles and you can't get stuck. The game is short, only about 1-2 hours, but in my opinion it's well worth it's asking price of 5,99€. The subject of alcoholism and parents' effect on child's emotional growth and mental health is portrayed very well. The matter is unfortunately very common in many countries, Finland especially.I recommend this game to everyone who likes emotional and touching stories. The game can even be therapeutic if you have experiences with alcoholism in your life."
76561197972229891,Recommended,629000,32170094,Posted: 4 June,all,Wusakko,"Dark, sad, touching and made me think. This is art."
76561198002418842,Recommended,629000,32204298,Posted: 5 June,all,Jukidor,Touching and compelling storytelling. Nice athmosphere and beautiful graphics. Really makes you think about alcohol abuse within families with children.
76561198071314821,Recommended,629000,32338320,Posted: 11 June,all,MadAxel,"Lydia has very fresh and interesting theme for a game - alcoholism through the eyes of a kid. The story actually has the potential to make the player feel sympathy towards the playable character.The game itself is just a oversimplified point&click, which is also the weakest part of the whole thing. Lydia should be thought as more like an interactive story rather than a actual game."
,Recommended,629000,32296790,Posted: 9 June,all,Celery,A short but well-made story-oriented point & click game with a strong point to make. The existence of this game is a net positive for humanity.
,Recommended,629000,34189324,Posted: 12 August,all,TheLimpBanana,"This is a real hard hitting game! I found myself getting very involved as I was working through it. It really does show not just how one person is affected but how the 'monster' affects everything and everyone. It was a great concept, presented very well."
,Recommended,629000,32177647,Posted: 4 June,all,MaceAxe,A dark game with an interesting story that'll make you play it in one go. The unique art style fits well with the game's theme and story.
76561198019975879,Recommended,629000,34185684,Posted: 12 August,all,ShadowKenzie,"Dark, beautiful, so upsetting. Very short but worth every dollar. Now, please excuse me while i go hug my child."
,Recommended,629000,32134996,Posted: 2 June,all,fantomchoder,Good game with a dark story that kept my interest until the end. I really enjoyed the artwork in particular which looked great and fit the story well.
,Recommended,629000,34249115,Posted: 14 August,all,Dravvad,"This is not a ""game"" by normal standards, but it is indeed a story that is grounded in crazy amounts of reality while also being extremely surreal. I have played some games with this premise before, but this one is probably the scariest one that I have seen, and it impacted me more than any other.In Lydia, you control a little girl unsure of what is going on, trying to figure out what is happening in her life. I will not go deeply into the story, as it is pretty short, and even the screenshots spoil some details already.Lydia is point-and-click in the simplest form possible. You move around, but do not really explore. You perform a few simple actions during scenes, observe your surroundings, and make some choices in dialogue. While the majority of the dialogue does not really impact the story's path, it still fits very well with the point of the game, and how this girl could be living her life.The art style and sound fit heavily with the story and quite frankly can make you freak out, if you get drawn in enough.Lydia is quite depressing, but I approve the work for it extremely."
,Recommended,629000,33865264,Posted: 28 July,all,Kolzig,"Dark and gloomy tale of alcoholism and how it affects the lives of people and their surroundings. The game is about a little girl who's name is Lydia and how she sees her world. It's an adventure game in the point'n click genre, but shares many things with the so called walking simulators of the few past years. So especially if you like excellent games like Gone Home, Samorost and Firewatch, this is a game for you. The puzzles are very light, but the core of the game is the well done music and sound design and of course the story. Graphics design is grim and dark, but completely in the tone of the story.Everyone will experience the story differently on a personal level depending what you have experienced in your youth."
76561197968175487,Recommended,629000,32162461,Posted: 3 June,all,Pax Mantis,"What enjoyable game though a sad one. You can play though this within couple of hours, but its more of an merit than a negative as the story is well written and ties together nicely."
,Recommended,629000,32608223,Posted: 20 June,all,noryn4rlp,"Lydia is a fun game with beautiful graphics, interesting story, and well-fitting background music but it is not as dark as a lot of the games it was compared to like Downfall or the Cat Lady which was kind of disappointing - I still loved the game's experience though!It's similar to those games but those games are better if you want to have REAL FUN with a HORROR game.Spoilers below:I was surprised that people say this has deep meaning because it is all lost on me - although the mother is sort of like a monster due to her crazy, I'm guessing alcohol-powered bipolar/borderline mood swings, she seems to really love her daughter in her own selfish, totally insane way unlike real people I know - even her stepfather and father were pretty nice in comparison to real people, not to mention random alcoholic friends.However, I think this should be labeled a visual novel because that's what it is and I have no problem with that because I loooooove visual novels.In the end, I think it could have been darker because real life stories like these aren't this pretty - I have friends and their alcoholic relatives are horrible, this doesn't seem realistic in its ""darkness"".Anyway, overall if this is just a story, I think its a 9/10 but if its supposed to reflect reality I'd give it a 4/10 because reality isn't as sweet as this game, no matter how dark it tries to present itself."
76561198004615381,Recommended,629000,34099473,Posted: 8 August,all,Ninjapiraatti,"A touching and stylish game, easily worth the money."
,Recommended,629000,34497988,Posted: 25 August,all,ciabaros,"Anyone, who:1) Has, intends to have, or has ever been, a child by any definition, and;2) Likes to have a drink to any material incapacity, or is an imperfect human being in any way,Should play this game.It is a psychological masterpiece which explains in one sitting, what most people don't learn through their entire lifetimes, or until it's too late, whichever comes first :)10/10"
76561197995902222,Recommended,629000,33560783,Posted: 15 July,all,AmaJer,"A short story about monsters. It's not a scary game, but it is pretty dark in its themes. It starts out slow, but pretty soon it takes a hold of you as you delve deeper in the story. The game might cause anxiety as it's definately not a feel-good story. Yet I highly recommend this game for those who want to try something different or feel a bit uneasy while playing a game."
76561198076486662,Recommended,629000,32162892,Posted: 3 June,all,arttut02,Short game but gives you lot to think about.
76561198334022584,Recommended,629000,32207441,Posted: 5 June,all,Strohmae,"great game, very impressive"
76561197974341558,Recommended,629000,32152493,Posted: 3 June,all,Bottomi,interesting storyline and message of the game came out very well.
76561198056766336,Recommended,629000,33014000,Posted: 29 June,all,angryoscar,Just buy this game and complete it! You'll not regret it!
,Not Recommended,629000,35057326,Posted: 18 September,all,mitchios,"Aside from a short, basically non-playing storyline, the game itself was a touching look at alcoholism, substance abuse, and abusive parenting. It's a short psychological story, not much more, and certainly not a game that consists of many options. I would love to see the creators of this game expand it significantly in options and storyline; then it would certainly be a fun story worth playing."
76561198259532946,Not Recommended,629000,34285491,Posted: 16 August,all,moonythejedi394,"this was rlly interesting, had a v detailed story and the art was incredible, but it was downright depressing. god bless the designers, i rlly hope this wasn't based on a true story."
