user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,629690,35289071,Posted: 29 September,all,photonwarrior,"If you liked similar games from other developers such as the Legend of Grimrock series and Starcrawlers you're probably going to enjoy this one too.Technical details:Windows 10 Pro x64Intel i7-3770k @ 4.5ghz - 16gb ddr3 - Nvidia Geforce 980ti - SB X-Fi audioGame engine: Unity (version unknown)Performance with all settings to maximum (Supersampling scale left @ default 1.0x)60fps @ 1920x1200x32 - consistent with vsync / no microstutters etc., very smooth.Ultrawide resolutions supported per comments from developers on forum.Control system - Straightforward / simple; Full customization availableUI - Uncluttered, easy to understandGameplay:Environmental puzzles. - Solve to find keys to open doors / progress.Story revealed by exploration - find audio & written journals.Secret areas to find with nice loot / gear rewardsEquipment system - Head, chest, hands, feet.  Primary / offhand weapons, dual-wield / 2h melee /ranged optionsLevel up system simple / easy to understand - no bad (aw crap, I gimped myself!) choices.Slow crawl completionist players like myself will likely get many hours out of this; @ 12.5hrs I've only reached level 4 - Note that i've started over a few times to try various char. builds. (Unsure how many levels total.)"
76561198146196139,Recommended,629690,35274399,Posted: 28 September,all,rickser,"I have only just started playing this but its pretty apparent theres a lot of love that went into this game. The atmosphere is great and the production quality is incredible. Sound and music is fitting, and the character is fully voiced. If you liked Bioshock, Deadspace or Grimrock you will love this game.So far I have faced few enemies, but they all have their distinct attack patterns. There is a lot of strategy in battle. When you enter a room and the door closes behind you, you have to quickly survery the situation...memorize the room layout, figure out what baddies you must face and then plan your moves carefully! You dont want to get yourself backed into a corner! Its quite thrilling actually, and a successful fight feels very rewarding.Lots of loot to be found, plenty of secrets.There are plenty of difficulty options, including disabling the quick save, and auto map, so if your looking to up the difficulty, you can!Apparently there is up to 20 hours of gameplay, but I play very slow so I imagine I will spend at least 30 hours on one play through; well worth the $20.00 Canadian in my opinion.I'll update my review once I get some real hours into this game, but I can tell this is one Im not going to stop playing any time soon!!!"
76561197970738041,Recommended,629690,35304427,Posted: 29 September,all,Batty,"Just started playing, first thought is that Vaporum is visually stunning, a step up in detail from Legend of Grimrock which was itself impressive.Only played ~1 hour and can say this is a welcome gift to Dungeon Master/Grimrock players. The steampunk/cyberpunk/Bioshock theme is terrific.Looking forward to playing this over the weekend, will add to this review once I get in more play time.Update: getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me in combat (in normal difficulty!), you need planning, swapping gear, etc. to survive, can't simply kite as in Grimrock.  Good strategy is rewarded as it should be.Update: puzzles on first couple of levels were ehh, thought 'well, it can't all be good' but now I'm on level 3 or 4 and the puzzles are as good (maybe better) than Grimrock.  I'm working through a tough one, intuitive yet challenging and I still have much game to go.Technical: many graphics options including supersampling slider and FPS toggle, again, this game isbeautifullycrafted, best looking Unity game I've played.  Surprisingly, no FOV slider but devs have mentioned adding it.  I'm running a near 4K ultrawide (3840x1600) and if I push the supersampling past 1.0x (max 2.0x) it blows out a 1080ti...in a dungeon crawler! No visual gains really past 1.0x though with hires panel. I do not imply that it's 'unoptimized', rather, it has all the graphical goodness available if desired and the artist(s) have made use of it.With graphics settings on low it remains beautiful and I imagine it will run well on a wide variety of systems.Another review stated that Vaporum is a dungeon crawler version of Bioshock, that is a good summation.  I would add a sprinkling of cyberpunk.Update: now 15 hours in and I have ~1/3 game left, some have finished in 12 hours, I estimate 12-20 hours to complete it depending on puzzle solving ability and propensity to get wiped.  I got stumped once; the puzzles and secrets are quite clever."
76561197995540462,Recommended,629690,35317083,Posted: 29 September,all,jplunke1,"Not normally a review guy, but I think this game is terrific and highly highly recommended if you like the Dumgeon Master/Grimrock type of excperience. Has a terrific atmosphere, looks great and has some great additions to the genre. Very polished and elegant. Fun to play."
76561197983163764,Recommended,629690,35292366,Posted: 29 September,all,BurnTheHorses,"I refunded the Steam version and bought it on GOG.Vaporum is basically Bioshock if it were a dungeon crawler, and it's awesome. Combat is fully real-time, the game is absolutely gorgeous, puzzles are well designed. This one is up there with Grimrock in terms of modern Dungeon Crawler design. Awesome title."
,Recommended,629690,35407731,Posted: 2 October,all,Hoot.avi,"Absolutely beautiful game.I've played a fair amount of LoG and LoG2, and instantly fell in love with Vaporum. The ""steampunk"" (it honestly looks more dieselpunk to me) setting is extremely captivating and beautiful. Lighting, models, textures, animations, and particle effects are all astounding. I cannot express just how pretty this game is. Obviously appearance isn't everything though, but I think Vaporum does a great job in the gameplay department as well. VERY similar mechanics to LoG, but this time attacks have been streamlined to LMB and RMB, and ""gadgets"" (essentially skills) being bound to 1 and 2, with Z being the switch weapon set button. I think it all comes together quite excellently."
76561197992966178,Recommended,629690,35288731,Posted: 29 September,all,QsuSanOzk,"Basically Vaporum is first Legend of Grimrock wrapped in a steampunk shell.And a lot harder imo, in a good way."
,Recommended,629690,35441385,Posted: 3 October,all,Kaese,"Not as good as Grimrock1, but up to par on Grimrock2.The enemies have a bit too much HP and AOE or ranged skill to fully embrace the dancing.After having a rough start, I went full on tank build and it was a breeze just tanking everything(including the  final boss) with my face.Still nice to see this kind of gameplay in a different setting, hunting for secrets and all."
,Recommended,629690,35445187,Posted: 3 October,all,Vio Lau,"Spent almost 16 hours to finished this game, really a great games! Yeah, its totally like Legend Of Grimrock mechanism, but in a good way. 1 person, sci-fi, and gadgets.Gadgets design is good, all gadgets also have different unique function, all enemies have different moves and you have to fight them with care.I really hope more this kind of game, good jobs!"
76561198030651302,Recommended,629690,35279120,Posted: 28 September,all,BenRadish,"You already know it's aceJust take a look at the screenshots and the trailer. If you are a fan of first person dungeon crawlers, you're already able to tell the game is great. Go get it now and have an awesome time bashing robot spiders with a crowbar!EDIT After several hours of playing:The game started strongly and continues being fun several hours in.For my playing tastes, it is even better than Grimrock. Why?- The setting is very atmospheric and original (compared to the standard, Dungeon Master-style fantasy setting of other crawlers).  Now I like fantasy just as much as the average crawler, however it's refreshing to have a change of scenery for once, especially if it's as well done as here.- The combat is really challenging and tactical. Every single enemy I encountered so far (about 8) has to be approached in a different way. No silly square dancing, every enemy and enemy group has to be outsmarted in order to win. Because of that, winning even against the smaller enemies feels very satisfying.- I also like having only one character (I like the crawling aspect, not the party management). Despite my initial worries, you can still customize him very well and he's able to fill out different roles on the fly depending on which weapons, armor or gadgets (= ""magic"" like aoe lightning attacks, acid pools etc) you use.Also, being able to switch weapons sets in combat is genius. Hit the enemy, dodge it's attack, switch to rifle and shoot it, go in, switch to weapon and smash it again before finishing it off with lightning. Works very fluidly and feels really, really satisfying."
,Recommended,629690,35399130,Posted: 1 October,all,Cabadiah,"After recently beating Legend of Grimrock II for the first time, I immediately regained my appetite for another FPRPG dungeon-crawl the very same day Vaporum released. I had never even seen the game listed on Steam anywhere nor had it reccomended, but it looked to be right up my alley, not to mention that it seemed to offer just enough tweaks and changes to set it apart.Surprisingly there is a shortage of steampunk/low-tech sci-fi games in general, so the setting and graphic design were welcome, and the graphics in general are polished and original. The aesthetic of gears and pistons and steam is great, with plenty of dynamic shadows and good sound design, though plenty of areas seem way too dark and sometimes the reflective metal surfaces can be a little overbearing.Rather than having a four-man party as is standard of the genre, you play a single predetermined character, though he doesn't seem very interesting even several hours in. Couple that with some slightly cheesy voice-acting, I would have preferred character creation in a game like this, though the various notes and audio diaries you find develop the story pretty well. The introduction may seem extremely reminiscent of Bioshock, but the story and atmosphere manages to go in a very different direction.Mechanically, there is plenty of customization and development for your character, with different weapon types and gadgets to use, and the combat is pretty tight and fast-paced. Early on you can generally dance around single enemies to avoid damage, but later rooms and groups of enemies will require quick thinking and good memory of tiles and rooms, as well as knowing which enemies to pick apart and which to knock out later.Besides combat, there are plenty of traps and puzzles to fiddle around with, usually involving switches, turrets, buttons, trapdoors, and even the occasional block-pushing puzzle. The obstacles never feel annoying or obnoxious, though for some reason there are pits full of spikes that will instantly kill you in this pseudo-modern sci-fi tower, so do remember to manually save often and watch your step.The introduction of the game is pretty easy, but it quickly gets challenging or outright frustrating. Despite that, if it feels like a level is too hard or unreasonable, you can take different paths in order to find equipment and enemies more suitable for your character. There are also secret rooms with unique equipment or stat upgrades throughout the game, so cooling off from a difficult area and experimenting is beneficial.At this point, I've tried at least three different character builds, so most of my play time has been playing through the first few hours multiple times, but the game has plenty of content and good variety of obstacles and environments, as well as consistently giving you new puzzles with interesting solutions. Developing your characters skills and stats also drastically change how you can play the game, so there's plenty of potential for replay value.In terms of content, the only disappointment so far is that the game reuses most of the basic enemies and introduces new enemies very gradually, with all the old ones simply getting higher stats.If you're in the mood for a different flavor of first-person RPG, I'd say it's definitely worth the money, though I may suggest playing on Easy even if you've beaten other games like it."
,Recommended,629690,35396793,Posted: 1 October,all,khamsun,"Great little dungeon crawler (in-game timer says ~9h for a completionist playthrough). Bioshock-y atmosphere, challenging real-time combat and rewarding exploration - some secrets are really tough to find, though. Very responsive developer interaction, it's obvious these guys are dedicated to their baby, but do appreciate feedback. I hope to see more from them!"
76561198043344689,Recommended,629690,35305407,Posted: 29 September,all,zeksbeetlesnuff,"This short review of Vaporum is based solely on my experiences in the two first levels of the mysterious Tower, but I doubt that my initial, very positive opinion of the game would chance later.Technically Vaporum is a traditional, first-person dungeon crawler, but what separates it from the other modern additions (Legend of Grimrock, Dungeon Kingdom etc) to the genre is the steampunk setting and the fact that you play as a single character instead of controlling a party. Vaporum does not try to reinvent the wheel: You will come across levers, buttons and pressure plates, traps and puzzles - and of course adversaries to fight against in the classic ""hit, strafe, turn, repeat"" style. Good old square dance we all know and love. :) On the Normal difficulty level the monsters (which come in mechanic and organic forms) appear a bit too easy to overcome, but I am sure things get tougher the upper you venture in the Tower. The puzzles so far haven't posed any real challenge either, but I expect them to become harder later on.To summarize, Vaporum is a fresh addition to the genre and well worth its price. If you love first-person dungeon crawlers (and are perhaps a little tired of the usual fantasy setting) I recommend to give this title a try. I doubt you'll refund it. :)"
76561198005303643,Recommended,629690,35410233,Posted: 2 October,all,Oji,"A good blend between Bioshock and LoG. A bit less sophisticated and shorter, but very solid. No bugs or crashes."
76561197999018200,Recommended,629690,35457631,Posted: 3 October,all,Lord Azlan,"TL:DR Morris Dancing with a few new steps. We now need a different danceThere were a few moments where I decided this game was good:1. Stepping in between two deadly turrets expecting certain death and then suddenly realising if I quickly stepped back they might fire on each other. They did.2. Running away like a pathetic coward from four deadly soldiers and then a thought appeared into my tiny brain. There was a room spitting fireballs not too far away. Maybe I could lure them there?3. The time a treasure trove was beyond my reach due to a pit of certain death and then I thought, maybe, just maybe, I could move a large block into its deadly jaws and easily cross?The game makes me secretly pleased about my own intelligence.But before we go anywhere else, let’s talk about Dungeon Master and Morris Dancing.There are only two games in my personal gaming history that made me want to upgrade my computer. One was Dungeon Master and the other Ultima Underworld.Dungeon Master was magical, captivating, scary and wondrous. Grid based exploration with real time combat. Let’s see:*Had to eat food and monster flesh to survive;*Had to drink water as well;*Unique magic system using symbols;*Full steam into walls caused damage to your thick head;*You could fall down floors of the dungeon and hurt yourself;*Keys and locks and doors;*Hidden switches;*Torches ran out and when darkness came you were blind;*Luring monsters into doorways and killing them by shutting the door on their stupid heads;*Running around in panic;*A party of four adventurers to manage where onlyusinga skill allowed you to improve.It spawned other games like Eye of the Beholder and Lands of Lore.Then like the name ‘Reginald’ it disappeared from our world until Legends of Grimrock brought some life back into the genre.Does Vaporum bring anything new to the genre?Let’s talk about Morris Dancing first.1. Take two steps to your right, turn around and whack with all your might.2. Side step left and 180 degrees then whack the troll, killing is just a breeze!Combatin these games is typically known as square dancing where on a 2x2 space you could typically kill any creature just by moving a step and then waiting for it to follow you. It’s sort of lame but staple of the genre.Vaporum tries to innovate here and I acknowledge the developers tried to stop this from happening. Now I am beginning to think it is simply a consequence of the genre. In this game there are many instances of having to take on more than one opponent at a time, but still the square dancing arose, sometimes due to my own design.Combat though is interesting. You can build your character in melee, guns or magic or a mixture of everything, including defence.We still encounter the common situation in the genre where stepping through, the door closes behind you and a few monster types attack you from previously closed spaces. One time I saw an enemy elevated through the floor which was neat.3D puzzlescome back with a bang. These range from leaving a little brick on a pressure plate to timing puzzles involving blocking rays of light. At one point two at a time!Some of these puzzles will make you mad with frustration and lead you to searching the forums and walkthroughs. Personally I liked the Sokoban puzzle.I don’t remember the puzzles being a staple of the genre in the early days and maybe it was Legend of Grimrock that brought enhanced puzzling into the arena. Now we have timing, throwing, falling, stepping, any of which often stop your progress. Many times I question why these puzzles are there in the world. It’s almost like the player is caught in a rats maze with the developer trying to establish our intelligence. As if the game was an elaborate IQ test disguised as a game. In Vaporum I asked myself why in this world I had to solve THIS puzzle to proceed. It made no sense.Beyond combat the levels are of different design to keep things fresh but the individual maps are too small. Dungeon Master was a bit sprawling but this game is more compact. I suppose because you are in a building, not a random, meandering underground dungeon. We do have the ability to annotate maps which is a plus but unlike many other games where I would have loved to have had that option, in Vaporum I found myself only using that option once.Monsters are well designed and at least one causing me to soil myself and another jumping out of my chair.I hate the little spider things. There is a wide range of abilities and some have patterns that can disrupt your Morris Dancing. These are good.Your single character is part voiced which is good innovation for the genre. There is a slight Bioshock meets Dungeon Master feel to the product which is fascinating in what else can be done in the future.  Some of the background story can be read and others heard via recordings.I liked the levelling system and the options to build your character as it was quite flexible. If you had played as a melee character there is a good possibility you might try another play through using magic.The graphics and sound are almost stupendous as a representative of the genre. It’s a shame though that I have not found any light switches to see what the engine looks like in full brightness mode.In summary then, as someone who has played a lot of games in this genre, I like it a lot. It has certainly brought some innovation to the genre and I am looking forward with some positivity to the future. Ultimately though, this game only adds a few new steps to Morris Dancing and I think it’s time we have a completely new dance."
76561198131387728,Recommended,629690,35461449,Posted: 3 October,all,Lefty,"Being a fan of the genre and having just been disappointed with Elminage: Gothic, I was hesitant about giving this game a chance. I'm so very glad I did.It creates the atmosphere of being in a dark, creepy, danger-filled tower. The game is kind about detailing the basic mechanics and game functionality, but it does lack a little in explaining some of the finer details you need to know. (Turning pedistals, secret switches, the Argo-thing) The graphics are amazing. I have the settings maxed out on my PC and it does a great job of lighting and refracting as needed to make you look closely at details around every corner. Even a large amount of the small/secret switches blend right in with the background.The combat is classic FPS grid-based (Legend of Grimrock's ""Grid dancing"") which I enjoy. This game even throws a nice twist at you being that some monsters can move quicker or slower than others, instead of having them all move at the same speed. It threw me off at first, but it made for a great mechanic.The puzzles are familiar, yet unique. I saw some classics that just jump out at say ""I know how this one goes,"" then you'll have the ones that will leave you wondering what the hell you're trying to do. Heck, just finding the secrets can lead you through one hell of a puzzle as well. I actually felt more relief and accomplishment for solving the puzzles and progressing through, rather than ""OMG that was stupid/too easy/bland/whatever.""My only gripes had to be the somewhat sluggish mouse movement while trying to hit a switch or click on inventory items, and using the ""R"" key for healing. I found myself accidently hitting ""R"" while trying to turn right with the ""E"" key.If there was any recommendation I could make to help this game reach a broader audience, I'd say add partial controller support. Partial, being that when I was in combat, I was wishing I could just click one of the bumper buttons to side-step.Overall, I STRONGLY recommend this game if you're a fan of the genre and can keep yourself from throwing your mouse through your monitor."
76561198099707263,Recommended,629690,35309967,Posted: 29 September,all,Charon,"After 7 hours in a game I can say that it's very solid dungeon crawler. There is a really great atmosphere, I don't know why but it remins me Bioshock. All who deeple miised dungeon crawlers like me, give it a try :)"
76561198017425718,Recommended,629690,35352423,Posted: 30 September,all,Sluggeto,"I'm a huge fan of dungeon crawlers in the Dungeon Master style (one of the first on the planet to beat the game on the Atari 1040ST), a big thank you to the developers who took time to create this wonderful game making fans like me very happy.I'm having a lot of fun exploring, fighting off the denizens of the dungeon and keeping my fingers nimble enough to push the right buttons quickly enough... and the best part, I'm not constantly looking to see if I need food or water!Advice: Start off with a tank (defense) leaning spec, it will allow you to save health packs for later in the game when you'll need them more and allow you time to adjust to the mechanics of the game... you can add damage dealing elements as you advance through the levels."
,Recommended,629690,35453314,Posted: 3 October,all,BunkerBear,"Vaporum's major drawback is that it feels like an outright clone of Bioshock on a much smaller scale. What if Bioshock was a group of about 200 people messing around with godlike powers instead of a whole city. That and the VA for the main character falls the ♥♥♥♥ apart. He reads lines too fast, he has no emotion, and he sounds so ♥♥♥♥ing boring. But the gameplay is solid and the level design is pretty good as well. Pretty good game but it takes some self drive to keep going because the story and male va sure as hell didn't have me pushing forward. Get this game if you want a solid RPG, good puzzle mechanics, and fun combat. If story is what drives you in an rpg maybe pick something else"
76561198014897217,Recommended,629690,35436782,Posted: 2 October,all,bondy034,"Disclaimer: This is an initial impression from the first few hours of gameplay, will update if my opinions change drastically laterVaporum is a game well worth a look by any fans of 1st person dungeon crawlers ala Legend of Grimrock. You only control a single character rather than a party but despite that, there is a good amount of variety in the combat because you can switch loadouts on the fly and often have to to take advantage of particular enemies.Pros-graphically very pretty-decent depth in character customisation-plenty of secrets and puzzles-good enemy varietyCons-the voice acting is a mixed bag - the main character is okay, but the audio logs are pretty hammy at times-the writing so far has been fairly meh.  It has moments but generally is pretty bad-instant death via pits is a horrible idea that Grimrock dealt with far better and more interestinglyAltogether, its definitely worth a look for fans of the genre and its few failings are generally where it tries to do things (full voice acting etc) that you wouldn't expect a game by an indie studio of this genre to do anyway."
76561198024505662,Recommended,629690,35450298,Posted: 3 October,all,Finn Kaenbyou,"When I learned Vaporum was a Grimrock-esque dungeon crawler, I grabbed it as fast as I could. The combat is a lot more intense than in its inspiration - square dancing isn't always enough, and the game loves to throw you into corners against a ton of strong enemies. Healing is limited too, so you need to play very carefully and quicksave often if you want to get anywhere.I had a bunch of fun with this game! My start was slow and awkward since I decided from the beginning I was running a thauma build, but by the end I was confidently taking down full armies with nothing but quick wits and an armful of gadgets. Good puzzles, decent worldbuilding, and some neat little tidbits that got a laugh out of me (the Unity Shield and the 'note' left in your office, in particular). If you enjoyed either Legend of Grimrock game, it's an insta-recommendation."
,Recommended,629690,35479650,Posted: 4 October,all,Gamer_R,"Great game, neat graphics, one of the best of its rare genre"
76561198024440060,Recommended,629690,35352818,Posted: 30 September,all,Dr Matrix,"Bioshock meets Legend of GrimrockWhats not to love?Great game but my POS computer can't handle this game and it over heats it every time I play, to the point that it shuts it offStill a good game though."
,Recommended,629690,35483858,Posted: 4 October,all,BioPhreak,"This game delivers on its promise of a classic dungeon feel. There are similar games with the grid-based dungeon exploration mixed with real time threats but Vaporum seems to do it better. The sounds, story, graphics, and gameplay are all great and done so expertly. I cannot recommend this enough if you are a steampunk genre fan or dungeon crawler RPG fan.You can watch a video of my First Impressions of Vaporum herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZSKXm8QVgk"
76561198055017547,Recommended,629690,35505018,Posted: 5 October,all,Kasiornis,"This game plays and feels as spiritual successor to Legend of Grimrock 1-2. If you really wanted something more like it yet possessing equal quality - you just found it. The game IS what it seems (a rare quality these days) - a steampunked and grim version of LoG. It feels so familiar yet so interesting and addictive.Apart from that I should note almost perfect optimization at launch, it plays smoothly and nice. Another rarity among new games.Overall its a nice experience and if you're fan of the genre it definitely worth a try."
,Recommended,629690,35455330,Posted: 3 October,all,Hairyknollz,For a 4 man team it was unbelievably good
76561198013254800,Recommended,629690,35492999,Posted: 5 October,all,verblin,Amazing game.  Very close to grimmrock but somehow superior over the concept of the dungeon crawling and scenario. both the details of the enemies and the level design is superb. im looking forward to see a sequel or even a dlc.
76561197980067391,Recommended,629690,35504157,Posted: 5 October,all,FunkyBacon,"What can I say? It's an oldschool dungeon crawler in a steam-punk setting with the usual puzzles and hidden secrets.This one however adds its own twist by using only one character instead of the more common 4 man party often seen in this genre. Personally I don't think this takes anything away from the gameplay itself as many different playstyles still are available, they just took away the crappy ones for the most part.The combat itself feel a bit more strategic compared to the Grimrock titles with enemies that are faster, uses more AoE attacks and generaly have more different ways of dealing with the player from the usual ""hit or shoot anything in front of it"". Some enemies side step, others will knock you back, some lunges at you from afar or spit poision and others will blast the area around them, some might even grapple you.To level the playing field you yourself will gain access to various gadgets and weapons that mimic many of the enemies attacks along with the skills unlocked as you level up. Just keep in mind that enemies that deal a certain type of damage is often immune to it themselves, so hitting a poison spitting enemy with a poison attack wont do anything.There are also no real weknesses to certain damage types other than blunt weapons doing a bit more damage to mechanical units and bladed weapons doing a bit more to fleshy organic enemies.As for map design, the visual aspect is really good. The place is dark and full of cogs and pipes like what you'd expect from a spooky steam-punk place and the lightning is beautiful. May wish the flashlight was a tiny bit better however. The layout itself doesn't do much make it feel like a huge tower or research base where people lived and worked. It's a lot more like a typical dungeon full of traps and puzzles. Speaking of, the puzzles are pretty good and I personally never found one that didn't make sense or felt that it suffered from ""moon logic"" in any way. Solid stuff there.Then there's the secrets. Oh gosh the secrets! Talk about hiding stuff in plain sight. It is another thing game does to step it up a bit. Usually you would be looking at a brick wall and see a rock that stands out a bit, but nope! here we got everything from the regular buttons to tiny screws and valves well hidden from view. Sometimes you think it will be a button somewhere and then they go and hide it in a place you wont look. Frustrating but also rewarding if you find them without help.And lastly, the story. While it's nothing amazing or anything it does drive the game forward and give a good reason to do all these things in the first place. The voice acting is decent enough, ranging from pretty good to alright and it's always fun to find the next recorder or note to read more about what really happened here. It's more good than bad with only a few times where it would feel a bit meh.Would I recommend this game?Yes! Yes I would.Would I recommend this to someone who is new to the genre?Eeehh.... if you're good at learning and figuring out game mechanics then yes, if not I would suggest trying out the first Grimrock instead cause I think that game is both easier and better for getting people into this genre. and if you like that game then go get this and Grimrock 2!And while you're at it give ""Heroes of the Monkey Tavern"" some love as well, it is simpler and not as good with a more face tankey combat mechanic, but hey, it's a dungeon crawler and this genre needs all the love it can get. <3"
,Recommended,629690,35431622,Posted: 2 October,all,KnuckleHead,"Fun game in the same vein as Grimrock.  Only one character but lots of combat, puzzles, and great atmosphere."
76561197970934684,Recommended,629690,35318112,Posted: 29 September,all,Aetrion,Oldschool fun with an unsettling atmosphere and a cool steampunk setting. Definitely worth a try!
,Recommended,629690,35266784,Posted: 28 September,all,Jackety,I liked it
76561197980037668,Not Recommended,629690,35360562,Posted: 30 September,all,Whitt,"Played for about 20 minutes.  Got through a few fights and then was slain by mechanical spiders.  The combat was underwhelming and very deterministic -- there was nothing I could do to change the course of a fight.  Click attack with crowbar, wait a second, click attack again... just watching my health bar count down as a spider is beating on me."
76561198076698165,Recommended,629690,35501447,Posted: 5 October,all,Mourk,"Very nice surprise with this game.A classic, yet immersive, dungeon crawler that does the job. Not a single bug from release day, hats off gentlemen!The only small cons I could point out are that the puzzles remain a bit easy if you're a veteran and it's a bit short. We want more :)"
