user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198369785936,Recommended,631980,33845736,Posted: 27 July,all,Aleks Kuzmanovic,"So before I go into this, I should mention that I am a huge sucker for anything soulslike, so I have a special place in my heart for games like this. Immortal Planet is, as advertised, an isometric souls-like game. It uses the same familiar stamina system. There is no rolling, but you do dash, so in that regard it's more like Bloodborne.The story is captivating, the controls are tight, all enemies require study to defeat. So all is good in that department.The bosses are also very interesting and complex. The two I've faced so far have 3 phases which are outlined by some UI bars above their heads. The boss hits deal HUGE damage, but they are very well telegraphed, so it works out.The character leveling system and customization is also reasonably robust. So far I've discovered 3 spells that all have interesting and situation dependent properties. A lot of strategy here.I think anyone who's a fan of the souls series would not be disappointed with this indie title."
76561198006654808,Recommended,631980,33904823,Posted: 30 July,all,DAC96,"In short, I enjoyed playing this game, it was more enjoyable than I originally thought it would be. Before I go on though I would point out that, I am very much the targeted demographic being a huge fan of this style of gameplay, having finished the souls series multiple times. Also note that I played the entire game using an Xbox 360 controller so I cannot confirm how well the keyboard handles.Pros:•	Level design is well done, and encourages short cuts•	The combat is immediately familiar and holds up to other titles in the genre•	The weapon and item selection is quite varied allowing for replayability•	Every single boss is good, some even great (Alpha Twin = Prince Lothric?)•	The artefact choice at the beginning is great (needs to be a way to swap them)•	From first glance, the builds that are possible seem varied and extensive•	Dash into enemy to stun is a great mechanic whilst not perfect•	The story whilst not perfect is surprisingly interesting, and a great take on the whole hero keeps resurrecting idea that the souls games are known for•	Not to spoil anything but the challenges to get more healing is something I personally really like.Cons:•	Dash is not the most accurate of movements which causes some issues in both traversing the level and during combat•	Resting resets the state of your weapon•	Door mechanics can occasionally force an area reset•	Some enemy attacks can be hyper specific at any distance (Prisoner One Laser Beam)•	There is the occasional attack which does not give any time to react leading to some unfair deaths (Toxic grenade, Psycher Rifle)•	Parrying seems a bit too easy (maybe just me?)•	There needs to be some obvious rest point after a boss which isn’t always the case•	Blocking does not seem to stagger enemy chain attacks•	The mimic enemies are too random and I was mostly annoyed by themBugs:•	Small thing where going up an elevator into the hub section, before the elevator even arrives you can move the camera like you are walking normally before you are even in the level.•	There were two points where I had to reset the level as a door closed as an enemy on the other side of it had seen me•	The biggest issue by far is that the final boss in the ship got stuck on walls a whole bunch, which ended the fight prematurely for meSummaryI beat the game in 8 hours, and I did not feel I was rushing, the time whilst not huge is fine for a game like this as the levels don’t vary significantly and the game does not want to waste your time. Because of the 2D plane the combat whilst enjoyable is not as nuanced as something like dark souls, and the shorter time means that it does not get exhausting like a 20-hour game would. In summary, I don’t think the game is for everyone but souls/ soulsborne fans will enjoy it, I personally would pay full price for this but getting it during a sale would be even better especially if people see value for time put into a game as it is not the longest of experiences. I would love to see more of this, especially some kind of local/ online vs mode."
76561198059685593,Recommended,631980,33873124,Posted: 28 July,all,andynystrom83,"Very interesting game, I'm enjoying it immensely.  It has a very sedate pace.  Combat has almost a rythm to it that is easy to lose and then you start to become frantic but if you keep with the ebb and flow and it is truly great.  The story is told in small descriptions found in the compendium.  When you defeat a new enemy you get a small introductionary blurb but if you kill enough of them you get asmall description about the Immortal society.  So in this way you have to keep checking your  compendium, looking at the enemies you defeated and reading about the items you gain and you learn a little bit more about what's going on and this world you are playing in.  If you have an open mind, enjoy story rich games and are willing to treat each battle with a certain level of respect and focus the game is great and highly recommended, already lookin forward to possible DLC."
76561197995669628,Recommended,631980,33849033,Posted: 27 July,all,Sorokonojka,"Immortal Planetis an Isometric RPG with a soul-like format and cyberpunk theme. I think the game has great combat, dialogue, level design, art direction and immersive atmosphere. The pace of the combat can be a little slow due to reliance on stamina and avoiding attacks. Everything that this game does has a purpose in my opinion but someone who is not familiar with the genre may find movement a little stiff. In short, I think this is a fantastic game for people who like methodically slow gameplay that relies on timing, patience, and reflexes. It also has a limited 90-degree animation which is nostalgic but causes some aiming problems.FAQGame Length:I hate that question. Approximately 8 to 12 Hours. I have beaten DemonSouls and DarkSouls but I don't rush through games. It was a respectably long experience for the price.Replay Value (moderate):After beating the game you can play Nightmare mode which changes some things like dialogue. The game is fun enough to play around with different builds and weapons. Unfortunately, no achievements to encourage that.Level Variety (good):There are 4 main areas and they all have different enemies, backgrounds with lots of detail and unique challenges.RPG elements:You can level up your stats and find many different abilities that scale with the stats. There is virtually no actual loot/armor or skins. Although there are couple unique weapons that change gameplay.Difficulty:Very hard game but if you suck you can farm quickly enough until it gets easy.GameplayIf you ever played DarkSouls it is heavily mimicked after it. Just about everything you do requires stamina like attack, dash, run, block and even shooting. Reliance on stamina is what creates back and forth combat that many Souls fans enjoy. Whenever you kill an enemy you gain currency that you can spend to increase stats. If you die the currency stays on the ground for you to pick up on next try. The level layout is very user-friendly and even incorporates limited platforming. You can't really jump but you can dash across platforms and die if you misjudge the distance. That plays a bigger part in gameplay when platforms start moving or when enemies use gaps to their advantage.This game sort of has a Bleach(anime) treatment for weapons. Each weapon has 2 forms that have different range, damage, and sometimes special ability. Balancing between weapon forms can be questionable and some of them feel very similar to other weapons. It is a very fun feature but I would have preferred more abilities between fewer weapons . Around the game, you will find all kinds of consumable items like flying discs, mines, pistols and even several different spells. It adds a lot of depth to combat and fun factor in general. Spells and some items scale in damage depending on stats. At higher stat numbers the maximum item/spell capacity also increases.The difficulty is fair. Don't get me wrong the game can be frustrating but I never felt like it was BS. Even if you find the game too hard you will eventually overcome it with flat stats like spell damage if you want to make it easy. I don't like some of the balancing in the game and in that regard, the developer should have added achievements for using less ideal tactics. (like beat the game with no spells)Level DesignLevels are very easy to memorize and the lack of a map is not a huge problem. Each time you beat an area you will usually get a short cut to travel faster. If I am not mistaken main areas are Temple, Archives, Prison and Fortress. They take 1 to 3 hours to complete based on difficulty. In a true spirit of Souls, you can do a harder area first . I really enjoyed the artwork and unique set pieces around the levels ( they are not just color swaps )Music/Dialogue and ImmersionI found the game to be very Atmospheric. It really reminded me of Harbinger which is one of my favorite immersive games. The ambient music is not very noticeable but it really fits the tone of the game. The story is told through next but it was well written. The subject of immortals who are stuck in an eternal struggle for the purpose is very intriguing. I got to say that the regular ending was extremely disappointing. You will probably get a very sour taste by the end ( considering that game was so good up to that point )Rating 9/10Immortal Planet has a very specific target audience that likes a good challenge and mothedicly slow combat. If you want to progress fast you will pay for it with sweat and tears. I am sure not everyone will like it, especially if this is your first Souls game. However, I have to rate this game based on what it tries to accomplish and it is great Souls-Like game. Few things that bother me are very nitpicky and overall they did not ruin my experience."
76561198018230437,Not Recommended,631980,33874123,Posted: 28 July,all,I'm relaxed and doing fine.,"After playing this game for a while I really can't recommend. There are a lot of things about that I like ,the aesthetic, setting, even the combat, but there a lot of little things that when brought together drag this game down.1. Slow combatThis isn't actually a bad thing, and the combat is enjoyable. My only gripe is that the best method is often just to knock enemies off the edge since it can be much quicker than killing them straight up.2. Slow movement speedWalk speed being slow doesn't really matter, but the sprint speed is barely faster, and this just makes the game annoying to play.3. Collecting healsLike dark souls you spawn with a healing item. However, in immortal blood you can only ever spawn with one, and if you want more you must collect them. On its own not a problem.4. DoorsDoors won't let you pass if there is an aggro'd enemy nearby. Not usually a problem, except one time I tried to bait an enemy who was waiting for me at the end of a hallway. I aggro'd him from outside of the hallway, but the door just closed blocking us from reaching each other. Leaving the area and returning did not reset the door, and as it was the only path fowards I had to jump off an edge.5. Random spawnsenemies will randomly spawn from chests which contain heals. On its own no big deal, and makes the game more interesting.All of these things on their own are fine, but when they are all present in the game they slow it down so much that it just becomes a slog. This is epecially the case when you are trying to go fight a boss. You have to try to dodge all the enemies (so you can get through the doors) while also collecting some heals, which could also randomly produce an enemey. Its slow, but fighting enemies is even slower, and it just becomes annoying to have get through each time you want to fight a boss.TL;DRAesthetic, lore, setting are good.Combat is slow, movement is sloor, doors are funny, only 1 innnate heal must collect others, random enemy spawns from chests. On their own all these things are fine, but together they just make the game really slow and suck the enjoyment out of it."
,Recommended,631980,33847278,Posted: 27 July,all,Saturn,"* Will add stuff as I play further or if there are any patches, I guess.Pros* Dodging and killing is satisfying af* If you played any SoulsBorn game, you already know how to deal with stuff* Good artistic design* Although kinda trial and error, it doesn't feel unfair nor it gets tiring, as every enemy is a new challenge* Shorcuts are love, shorcuts are lifeCons* TOO clunky. Dark Souls 1 is like playing Cap'n Falcon on SSBM compared to this* Your stamina bar drains in 5 hits no matter how much points you invest* Leveling up attack damage seems to have zero effect on the real game, as I killed the first basic enemy with 5 hits on experience level 1 AND on experience level 25*FPS die in Challenge rooms"
76561198182568597,Recommended,631980,33847663,Posted: 27 July,all,jgar70,only just beat the first boss but am really enoying this. I have become skeptical of most souls like indies lately but am glad i took the chance with this one so far. The first boss I had to try maybe 5 or 6 times but it felt just like in a souls game the satisfaction i got from finally beating it! I can only hope the progression continues to be as enjoyable as the first hour was. Also really hope points in intellegence will be a viable option.
,Recommended,631980,33920029,Posted: 30 July,all,Rob,"Great game so far, verry soulsy feeling for me personallyi also feel that it has potential when it comes to the delivery on the worldbuilding and atmosphere from the hour or so i played.something that its currently lacking is the control scheme customization and more options in the options menu.other than that from what ive played i like it.I would say that if you like the following titles you will probably like this:-Darksouls-Darkmouse-HyperlightDrifter-Sunderedand other titles that have a similar progression based and lowfi story deliveryi might update this later. but for now it stands as it is. i also advise you to consider that this is based on my personal opinion and i dont care to deliver a polygon/kotaku tier type ""review"" lambasting it for no reason or glorifying stuff for random reasons such as smoking some pot mixed with swineurine and sweat.  this is my personal noncorporate opinion, are you looking for shills ? well move right on.thanks for reading."
76561198069059655,Recommended,631980,33935927,Posted: 31 July,all,Utharakhand,"the game's good, too bad that i'm horrible playing it :X"
,Recommended,631980,33940436,Posted: 31 July,all,HeatGenbu,"Edit: I added a few things now that i've beaten regular mode.Out of all the indie Soulslike games, this is probably one of my favorite.Since i like the patient way of fighting, I really like the Dark souls series, especially 3, but I don't like Bloodboure all that much. If you are looking for Dark Souls mechanics in a different way, this is probably a good choice, if you like the isometric view of the camera and controls.The gameplay is very solid, everything you do is meaningful in terms of fighting. Do you attack? Should you dodge as soon as you see the attack? Should you block? Is it safe to heal? This game rewards patience and reflexes. However mechanics wise, i have issues with the dodge/block mechanic. When you are blocking and try to dodge, it does nothing. Which is fine, but the thing is that it buffers the dodge. So when you hold block, press dodge, then let go of block within a few frames of pressing dodge; you will dodge in the direction you were blocking at, meaning most of the time you will probably be dashing into the enemy. Which can turn the fight sour since on how the dodge mechanic works in this game. This has been at least 70% percent of my deaths, where i dashed into a half stamina enemy when i didn't even want to.Also, there is a lack of personal customization. You can't change the controls. To me that is a big minus, since I honestly do not like the button setup on both the controller or the keyboard and mouse, but I've delt with it for now. Can't really do much on the visual and audio, I mean I like playing my own music while playing the sound effects of the game, can't do that either. All sound and music is a combined volume.When it comes to equipment, the idea is ok. The way how items work is fair. No qualms with it. BUT, I'm hoping down the line in, can an option be there if i just want equip all spells or gadgets. As well as the healing item should be it's own slotNow when it comes to weapons, each weapon may have different versions that changes how the weapon works and usage. Usually it's like a weaker version and then a stronger version that consumes more stamina compared to the weaker version. There are a few exceptions, but not the norm. Usually the difference comes when you ""awaken"" the weapon, or transforming the weapon. All weapons seems to have to their own unique mechanic when they ""awaken"" which is neat. Some may have passives, i just don't feel like it's really explained very well if they do or not.Which comes to my next topic, information. Specifically detailed gameplay information. I mean sure, it paints the lore really well, but doesn't really explain game mechanics that well. When you're leveling up, you don't know what your points do and you have to keep shuffling points to see what the points do. When you're shopping, some items need a requirement to equip it, and when you're buying the items, you don't know if there is a requirement or not. you don't know if you're buying an item you can't even use yet. Those are just a few.Even though with those flaws in my opinion, this is a great game for anybody who like soulslike games. 4/5."
,Recommended,631980,33871702,Posted: 28 July,all,KingMud,"Remember your first time playing Dark Souls, how you treked through the Undead Asylum, struggling through these underlings that were no more than wasted flesh and broken swords? Do you remember feeling like something bigger was lurking behind the walls, and that feeling when you finally came face-to-face with the Asylum Demon? Do you remember the story slowly unraveling before you, with the feeling that you were a player in an undertaking unfathomably larger than yourself?Immortal Planet captures that feeling perfectly. The combat in this game is extremely polished; Once it clicks, it clicks *hard*. Soon, you'll be dashing, slashing, dodging, and participating in fast-paced combat that feels natural and intense. Every death feels justified, and the game really demands that you improve.I can't recommend this enough. I've played several hours in what felt like minutes. If you liked Dark Souls, if you liked Monster Hunter, or if you like games that force you to grow as a player as you improve stats and your skills, get this game."
76561198029126609,Not Recommended,631980,34048962,Posted: 5 August,all,Padishah,"I have played enough of the game to the point I simply cant reccomend it. For a lot of issues that when put togethere make the experience a frustrating affair.To start with the positives the aesthetic and lore are all really interesting and unique. It reminds me of hyper light drifter and the way that much better game (in the mechanical sense) presented itself. The level design itself is also really good and has taken the right ideas from the likes of Dark Souls.However it seems along with a lot of other games attempting to be soulsborne-like (what a mouthful) have all left me with mixed feelings only one I really liked with no reservations was hyper light drifter and that game was not trying its hardest to be JUST like dark souls in every way and had its own ideas for once. Many fail to understand the reason why FromSofts games are so good.One of my first issues is just that, the game doesnt feel very unique. It borrows a lot of systems from dark souls and I cant personally place anything really new or diffirent. Not every game has to innovate but it would be nice to have a bit of variation here and there.Secondly everything about it feels really sluggish. From the movement to the combat. Even more so than games within this new genre. This coupled with the janky ""dash"" ability. Sometimes you will plumit to your death when you SHOULD of made the jump. It should be also noted that often times attacks that shouldnt of hit you will because of the bad hit detection. The combat feels under developed and 3 starting weapons dont help.The bosses suck, theres nothing visually interesting about them and whats worse is you have to fight them all twice. Yeah sounds like fun. Whats worse is they dont seem to have much cooldown and just end up spamming attacks. This coupled with the fact they can all stun lock you is no fun at all. Not to mention how cramped the arenas to fight them are.Another annoying feature is the game sometimes locks doors forcing you to fight enemies. A feature that adds to the slow feeling.Finally you have only one heal when you spawn. You cant upgrade it or change that based on settings or difficulty. Making bosses a even greater pain because you have to waste time and health trying to get more heals. This is annoying and frustrating.I have a large amount of respect for the developer and I dont think this is a bad game per say. I really hate ragging on it but as it stands it simply isnt a game I can enjoy because of the various issues.6/10"
76561198127749968,Recommended,631980,33956147,Posted: 1 August,all,laiho01,"Just a tniy bit short....6 hours on my first run. Not that the price ain't right but i wanted to learn more about the world, see more areas, more bosses.But everything else just adds up to a great feeling controller in hand.It is demanding, you need to be focused, you need to learn the patterns and you don't need to farm but it makes it easier."
76561198202943856,Recommended,631980,33957268,Posted: 1 August,all,xanti_dlp,"A surprisingly solid game. I learned about this game about 15 minutes before buying it. And I was pleasently surprised. I finished the game in little under 9 hours. And even though this game is shorter than I would have liked, I can totally recommend it."
,Recommended,631980,33993459,Posted: 3 August,all,bladechild,"7/10 [Just above neutral grade]Around the five hour mark I was loving this game, and thought this might be the next special thing in the world of ""soulsy"" kind of games. But then not long after it sort of ends with very little fanfare, to which all hope of scope is kind of lost.This is made by a one man dev team so it would be harsh to condemn it for that too much, but the game really needed that added scope that you find in similar games. There aren't enough weapons, and builds are kind of thin due to the stat mechanics. Most weapons function the same outside of some very pointless awakening abilities, do the same kind of DPS regardless of whether you level up STR or AGI. Not much thought was given to items and how they function in the game, and being a ""mage"" is sort of a support thing more than anything.The world is interesting enough, and how you progress through the rooms is very clostrophobic but well done thanks to the decent combat.  But with only 2 or 3 areas needed to progress toward the end, there's very little freedom felt outside of choosing which to tackle first. And because there's very little scope to build your character, the desire to keep exploring kind of wanes.This is a worthwhile 7 hours of your time. But I can't help but want at least 3 times the content you get for a more well rounded experience."
76561198038757678,Recommended,631980,33915167,Posted: 30 July,all,Jazgar,Immortal Planet is a great souls-like game. Beautiful art-style and a fun and challenging combat system make this a really great game.
76561198107797443,Recommended,631980,33895579,Posted: 29 July,all,"(CCC,SeaSide)Ginsai","(Edit) After spending some more time with the game and having far less salt, I am going to rework my review. Granted my complaints are still there but hopefully this time I can word them properly instead of letting the salt take hold of me.First Problem:Keyboard controls.I'm just going to gloss over this since the game tells you upfront that its meant for a gamepad, and it shows. Now the controls for keyboard aren't bad but you can really see what they were going for when you use a gamepad. SO yeah, this is a game where a gamepad is a must if you want to be as good as you can be.Second:Immortal BloodThanks to the developer actually telling me in his response to the review mixed in with me reading items, I now know the name of this game's Estus Flask. My complaints are basically the same as my last review. Lets say I have 5 immortal blood and I die, when I respawn I am dropped down to 1, which not gonna lie, is kind of annoying. Granted you can reloot the chests which had them before but it is still tedious to go back and get them. However thanks to the developer's response you can actually go out and buy them from certain npcs. I would have prefered having the same amount when I die but at least its something.Third:Combat (kind of)Now I still stand by my previous review that the game is meant for one on one combat, with fighting more than one enemy seeming to be an after thought. However, it's not nearly as hard I previously made it out to be. I was simply being an idiot and panicking when facing more than one enemy. With that being said it can be difficult facing one oppent when others use moves that you can't block. Granted you can dash buuuuuuuuuuuuut I'll just save that for my next point.Fourth:DashingNow I am fairly sure this is a problem with me specifically but I want to point it out in case anyone has a similar one. Dashing is honestly hard for me to do properly, though this is mostly when I am in a bind more so than anything else. Though from what I have seen with keyboard controls you generally just aim the mouse where you want to dash. Sounds simple enough but the mouse is kind of insane with how precise you need to be. Being slightly off can often result in you just passing enemies with low stamina or even falling to your own death. But like I said, this is me sucking at the controls. I just wanted to point this out as a nitpick more so than anything else.Fifth:Looting SurprisesI recently discovered this and am now puttign it in this review. Sometimes when you loot a chest you can face the possibility of an enemy sort of popping above the loot and attacking you. However this seems to just be a percent chance of happening with specific chests. Unlike the first Dark Souls games they don' t seem to have a specific feature showing that they contain enemies. Unless I am just an idiot and miss the clear warning signs.Sixth:Unblockable attacks (kind of)This is mostly about the bosses you face later on and is mixed in with dashing, but I'll get to the point. Bosses will have three stages of attacks shown by bars around their health. Each stage with show new attacks and pattens. Some of these include a dash which stuns you and gives your enemy a free hit, or more annoyingly, a beam of light which can set the ground on fire along with causing decent damage. The main problem I have is that the move itself seems to have some obscure tracking to a degree. Plus mix this move with orbs that will lauch themselves at you at different times and you have an annoying obstacle to overcome. Now this could just be me sucking with the dash, but more often than not my attempts to dodge just leave me getting hit.Seventh:BlockingSuper small nitpick but sometimes enemies can get a free hit dependent on where they are standing, since they might slightly be at an angle that I can't block. You see your character faces in four ways, and has a bit of aoe when they block, sometimes enemies can be just outside of this aoe but you can't really tell since its so small.(Edit 6):Red Highlighted EnemiesSometimes if an enemy is highlighted in red you can block the attack, and others you can't. I'm ♥♥♥♥ing sorry, what? Who would make such a stupid design choice? Sure you can learn from playing which ones you can dodge and can't but that is such a♥♥♥♥♥♥move, leading me to believe that I can block specific attacks when the enemy becomes red, and then being punished for it since the game lied to me. Honest to god I'm not sure if this is an over sight or just a♥♥♥♥♥♥move on the dev's part.And that's about it, just a bunch of small nitpicks which might not even exist if you use a gamepad like the game tells you. Even with all of these problems I have a love-hate relationship with this game likely the hate coming from a mixture of me sucking and not using gamepad controls.  Though with that aside the game has pretty nice art, interesting NPCs similar to the first Dark Souls game, along with lore and concepts seemingly from dark souls but with a nice sci fi element to them. However, I am still not 100% if I can recommend this game with confidence without using the game pad more. BUT, if you have a gamepad I would highly recommend this game, if not, you might want to wait a bit.Ultimately this game is a lot like souls, with bosses being difficult, individual enemies having the ability to kill you on their own, along with a lot of interesting story and character concepts wrapped up in a neat package.(Edit 2) After spending more time with the game I have something quick to say. The bosses are ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. I'm sorry, but the first few are actually pretty good imo, anything past the alien commander and Prisoner one if I am being generous, is just cheap. The enemy before twin alpha begins to show the cracks with him just throwing so much crap at you. It's not difficult, just tedious. Then you have the actual twin alpha or whoever boss fight which is 1v2 style boss fight. Which honestly seems like a cool idea but its just not done well.As of now I am bit stuck on Twin Alpha but I plan on beating the game at least once in order to get my money's worth. And my last nit pick for now. The chest do indeed have random enemies popping up at random chance, which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. At least have something different about them visually, like a different shade of blue, a different color in general, a symbol on the chest, or at least make it so the enemy is stunned for a bit so I don't get face ♥♥♥♥ed. If this is a feature then please someone tell me what the signs are, I am tired of being low on health, then getting face ♥♥♥♥ed by an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who ia redo of Prisoner one. Honestly I am just on the edge of putting this game as a non recommend since the bosses are just so ♥♥♥♥ing obnoxious. Granted there are exploits for certain items but if I have to spam specific items to win then whats the point?(Edit 4)Fairly certain that I am on the final boss, and oh my, it is awful. It's basically like you face another player, they have items, different weapon modes, spells, et cetera. In fact they can even heal themselves along with regain all of their god damn stamina. Doesn't that sound like a fun boss? Oh and the best part is that they split off and make two of themselves. Along with contain moves from all previous bosses and use spam them even more. So yeah, pretty fun game with terrible bosses after prisoner one.(Edit 5)This isn't so much a review but as I was killing the final boss my boyfriend said ""Become Saitama to win."" So that was interesting."
76561198025384221,Recommended,631980,33894853,Posted: 29 July,all,flash.exe42,"Great little game with very satisfying combat and an adequate difficulty curve.  The attack types (both hostile and your own), dodging, blocking and the stamina system makes you think a bit and fight to a fast but not too fast pace.  All of the gameplay holds true to the challenging souls-esqe genre it claims to be a part of.  I love all the asthetics as well (the lore, the visuals and the soundtrack).  My favorite part of the game definitely had to be the rebel twins boss fight (best combat sequence and song in the game imo).  I beat this game on normal mode after about 6 hours and have yet to do nightmare mode (ng+).The only real complaint I have about this entire game is that it just came out, so there's no expansion or sequel for it yet.  Would love to see more.  ;)    As it stands:  solid 9/10 from me."
76561198058638791,Recommended,631980,33899563,Posted: 30 July,all,thethomasgeorge,The hardest part of this game is dealing with the hypcrisy of enemy stamina.A good teeth grindy game. Thumbs up
76561198149027868,Recommended,631980,33917814,Posted: 30 July,all,Arthos,The damn game don't work. Just says Running when I click play. Did everything in the books in attempts to fix and it still doesn't work. Looks so awesome though.. Really wish I could play.
76561198056455198,Recommended,631980,33936552,Posted: 31 July,all,Cheeseburglar,"Fun, challenging, souls-like RPG"
76561198025165191,Recommended,631980,34560424,Posted: 28 August,all,zjwillie,Outstanding souls-like. A bit on the short side but well worth the money. Would love to see more.
76561197971240868,Recommended,631980,34153563,Posted: 10 August,all,Joking_Phantom,"Great combat and gameplay, without any of the overwhelming min max crap and abundantly useless items you encounter in other RPGs and games similar to Dark Souls.For people who don't have time to waste on frills, this game is a perfect 3-8 hour playthrough on normal. Every enemy is someone to learn from. Strategies for dealing with enemies are naturally formed as they obey the same rules and use largely the same moves the player does.Nightmare mode tests the skills you learned on normal, and gives the player additional lore that those engrossed in the story and setting will appreciate (the story is ignorable, but for those who enjoy it, the good ending is discoverable with sufficient gumption).You can build physical and/or magic damage characters. For players who are less mechanically skilled, grinding up a build that can stomp the hardest of bosses will only take a few hours - but defeating the final boss with zero upgrades is a plausible, albiet difficult task.All in all, the gameplay is compact and concise - the experience does not require tens or hundreds of hours to fully appreciate, which is a positive for players like me. The combat system manages to maintain simplicity throughout the game while simultaneously leaving multiple styles of combat open for the player - players can tackle a majority of the enemies through any mix of dodging, blocking, and dash stunning (bosses may require more than one, naturally). Magic damage can be used to supplement physical combat, or downright replace it with sufficient levels (no mechanical skill necessary to beat any boss and enemy if you just nuke it to death).To those who find frustration or boredom out of a need to build up their character, this is likely your own fault. Beating the game in a timely manner does not require mechanical skill - the least mechanically inclined players can beat it in less than 10 hours by being careful with spending their experience at safe intervals - the only thing this game punishes is recklessness and thoughtless actions. If physical combat is too difficult, magic can make the game a breeze by removing much (but not all) of the need to read and anticipate your enemies actions.tl;dr: get gud, or nut up - this game is fun."
76561198015172420,Recommended,631980,34197273,Posted: 12 August,all,artofwar,"Very solid gameplay of the ""tough but fair"" variety - now that I'm experienced I always feel that it is my fault when I die.The lore really comes together when you take the time to read through it all, though I wish more of it came from NPCs instead of item/spell descriptions.  The good ending may be a lie, but I'm not too upset about it.Only thing I would improve is to give the locations more visual variety and to add a few ""challenge"" acheivements to keep me playing (no death, level limit, etc.)"
76561198067520831,Recommended,631980,33997048,Posted: 3 August,all,Doctor J,"Hard as hell, but every death is earned so I can't complain.8/10 would die again."
76561197968003522,Recommended,631980,34033637,Posted: 5 August,all,^.^,"Immortal planet the game that makes me want to smash my head against a wall until all the grey matter leaks out and there is nothing left but a bloody mess,,,"
76561197972266460,Not Recommended,631980,33987236,Posted: 3 August,all,Twosday,"Well it looks good, I'll give it that.But thats about it.You are given a choice of 3 different weapons to start that are all basically the same thing, it has a pseudo ""awaken"" for each weapon similar to bloodbornes trick weapons, but in this game it doesnt really do much other than extend your reach.The combat is clunky. Judging where you need to be to play optimally is not intuitive and you run out of stamina quickly.But the most glaring problem, is the fact that they give you ONE health regen stim upon death. ONE. A single enemy can make you waste that stim easily. So you have to play like a god, or you just wont go anywhere.This game was just trying to copy the dark souls formula, and it did a bad job of it."
76561197974734944,Recommended,631980,33908160,Posted: 30 July,all,RUSTYWARCOW,Easy recommendation to anyone that enjoys the Souls games.
76561198038016365,Recommended,631980,33884683,Posted: 29 July,all,InvisC,Combat is fun and well designedBosses are challengeIt will test your nerve
76561198026454216,Recommended,631980,34353518,Posted: 19 August,all,Yvy-boy,This game for some DLC or a follow up. I could not get enough and the ending left me wanting more.
76561198040083733,Recommended,631980,33921112,Posted: 30 July,all,Guurakh,gud
76561198027048670,Recommended,631980,33902198,Posted: 30 July,all,el bobo,shot and kind of addictive ;)
,Recommended,631980,33917083,Posted: 30 July,all,FTr,nice
76561198020109566,Not Recommended,631980,34563438,Posted: 28 August,all,NoGas,"It's just TOO slow. Even with fast builds I still feel like I'm struggling in quicksand just to take a step. It's a beautiful game with a lot of potential, but it's mired in an attempt to be a very different formula.There's a lot I really want to like about this game, but it's missing a special something to truly be a hit."
,Not Recommended,631980,33916206,Posted: 30 July,all,amjh,"The description of the game promises combat that isn't based on just reflexes, but it is one of the twitchiest games I've played. Also, some parts of the gameplay seem broken, like hit detection where many attacks don't match their graphics."
,Recommended,631980,33895505,Posted: 29 July,all,Volkanfury,Amazeing soulslike roguelike!
76561198002315662,Recommended,631980,34385450,Posted: 20 August,all,wallacetothe2,"+Gameplay++ Good Boss Fights- A couple of the Boss Fights happened ""twice"" I felt that was uneccessary after having learned the general pattern once.+The creeps fighting moves are designed well. They're not to difficult but you can lose 1v1 if you don't keep track of your resources.+ The dungeons are layed out well with well placed enemies and fair suprises.+ No wierd crashes/stable~ The auto-focus  works well but makes the dungeon navigation look wonky. I'm guessing this is due to the art style.+Story--It may resemble Dark Souls in gameplay but its story passable.+The story isn't necessary/you don't need to interact with it.+Graphics++ Works well for the gameplay.+ It's easy to tell what's going  in the thick of the action+Music+The music is solid and fits the gameplay.OveralllI'm glad to have bought this game. If you're not into action games this my not be your thing because it doesn't bring anything else into it's gameplay. However the mecahnics aren't hard, so new players can pick it up and start enjoying it in no time."
,Recommended,631980,34412306,Posted: 22 August,all,Perski,Great game. Souls games fans should try it.
,Recommended,631980,35449585,Posted: 3 October,all,Ragna,"Game is worth it , not very much , but it is.You could call this game Slow Souls or Snail Souls because it clearly tries to emulate dark souls but with the slowest FPS and speed possible.Lore is almost no existent(even for DS level of lore) ,maps are repetitive and i could finish the game in 6 hours.The good things:Very hard, boss battles are very fun ,Spells and itens are ultra usefull unlike Dark souls.Good variety of enemies with unique fighting abilities.6/10"
