user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,632000,32190099,Posted: 4 June,all,danopian,"Another gem in the crown of Matthew Brown along with HexCells and SquareCells. I'm astounded at this guy.I wasn't sure about this at first because of the math-y presentation, but if you're OK at doing simple equations in your head this is surprisingly readable. There were a few times I felt like making notes, but never ended up needing to because the scale of the puzzles is kept manageable throughout.As with his other games, the presentation is minimalistic but serene: simple but satisfying audio, an underlying hum with clear notes that ping out when you click tiles, with a subtle intimation that the tiles are just above or just below a layer of water covering the screen.If you liked SquareCells or HexCells, buy it. If you didn't, this probably won't change your mind. If you haven't tried those, definitely do!"
,Recommended,632000,31971104,Posted: 26 May,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Matthew Brown makes the best logic puzzle games on Steam, hands down.If you love one, you love them all. There is never any guessing, and the sense of achievement is always great. The price is too low for such quality content.If you enjoy high quality puzzle games at all - you owe it to yourself to get any game in this series."
,Not Recommended,632000,32004033,Posted: 27 May,all,Punny Bunny,"I absolutely adored all the HexCells and I HATE this game so far. HexCells is all about carefully thought-out logic and if-then theories. CrossCells is primarily about math, especially once multiplicative squares are added in level 20 and beyond. Not only is it about math, but order of operations is important, too.It's overly convoluted and takes what could have been a simple and fun puzzle game and makes it irritatingly full of doing math in your head, realizing you made one tiny mistake, and instantly being sent to the menu when you click one wrong square.Additionally, there's a nauseating ripple effect on your cursor at all times.Deeply disappointed in this compared to the three brilliant HexCells games. Matthew's first real misstep, in my opinion."
,Recommended,632000,31972668,Posted: 26 May,all,Fart of Presto,"It's no Hexcells but it's still a pretty enjoyable casual puzzler.Math-based though, so if you enjoy sudoku or something like Everyday Genious: Squarelogic, there's a good chance you'll also enjoy this.The multiplication parts are tricky at first, as the operater isn't really introduced that well when you have to take into account the direction you are totalling up.The biggest gripe is really the lack of ""just one more level"" feeling that Hexcells had, but other than that it's a nice 1-2 hours of puzzles."
,Recommended,632000,31971179,Posted: 26 May,all,Pixieking,"Number/Maths-based puzzle game that's a weird combination of nonogram and sudoku.It's good.Reallygood. And hard. 50 puzzles doesn't sound like much, but I'm currently stuck on Puzzle 14.14!Three issues - one a preferences, one a real flaw1) It's disappointing that there's not much in the way of music - Hexcells OST is pretty relaxing, and I was hoping for something as dreamy.2) There doesn't seem to be any saving in the middle of a puzzle, unlike the developer's previous games. But whilst that's a flaw, it's not anything to stop from recommending it.Absolutely worth the money if you like logic-based puzzle games or problem-solving."
,Recommended,632000,32016457,Posted: 28 May,all,Ooops,"The latest in the *cells puzzle game series. This one feels different, much more so than Squarecells differed from Hexcells. There's an arithmetic focus here, with additions and multiplications.The puzzles remain good and challenging (In that regard it is more like Hexcells Plus than Hexcells), but there are two problems:1) Unlike previous games not all the rules are given clearly, some have to be deducted by trial and error. The designer has thus tried an approach akin to The Witness, but it doesn't work as well, and can lead to needless frustrations.2) The way the game treats errors is awful: any mistake wipes your progress  in the puzzle and takes you back to the main menu. I didn't like how it worked in previous games, but this is even worse. I'd much prefer if the game let you make your mistake and let you realise it yourself when you end up reaching an impossible situation. (with maybe the addition of a ""did I make a mistake so far?"" button)Still, the quality of the puzzles is good enough that those problems shouldn't convince you to pass on it.By the way, unlike Hexcells but like Squarecells, this game could have been a puzzle book, because no new clue is revealed as you progress into the solution."
76561197992684539,Recommended,632000,32031984,Posted: 28 May,all,smooks,"Note: I played the game about 80% through prior to the 1.1 patch that fixed a few things. I finished it post-patch and replayed a few levels to see if my original concerns were met.This is another enjoyable and well designed puzzle game by Matthew Brown.  If you've played any of his games already (HexCells, SquareCells) and enjoyed them, chances are that you are the type of person that would enjoy CrossCells as well.CrossCells takes the basic foundation of a nonogram puzzle and adds it's own new mechanics, as well as a heavy dose of arithmetic.  Each puzzle is well designed and will have you really churning out logical ways to elminate squares to work through the puzzle.This may end up being Brown's most devisive game, and I can see how some players may be put off from the heavy emphasis on equations.  The player may end up stopping for long periods of time working out possible equations and how those may fit or not fit the puzzle multiple steps down the path to the solution.  It can feel like a lot more work than the more straight forward HexCells or SquareCells.  I think it will come down to personal taste on whether or not you enjoy this type of puzzle as much as others, but there is no doubting they are well designed and challenging puzzles.There are 50 puzzles total and while they are all great, I always wish there were more.  I understand how difficult these must be to design, but I'll keep my fingers crossed for an expansion or something one day (and SquareCells and HexCells too!)I want to add (to help explain to potential players) that pre 1.1 patch I had an issue with one of the mechanics and many other early reviewers did as well.  The way multiplication was introduced was a bit mishandled in my opinion.  I was able to figure out the rules within the game, but doing so required a bit of trial and error to ""prove"" the games rules so to speak.  When dealing with equations, order of operations is important and the game wasn't quite clear on how it handles the order of addition and multiplication.  Thankfully this is all cleared up post patch, so please keep that in mind when reading other reviews that mention this as a negative.  The slightly tweaked levels do a great job showing the player the way multiplication works without blatently spelling it out.  Another minor thing was the ripple effect is quite distracting at first and looks quite bad when it goes over text.  Thankfully, it doesn't interfere with the puzzle blocks or numbers and post-patch can now be toggled.  Thank you to Matt Brown for quickly addressing these issues, I think the game is much better for it.CrossCells is another fine addition to a great library by Brown and I'd recommend it to all puzzle fans.  Please keep in mind if reading other reviews that I believe the early problems have been answered by the patch and you can play without any concerns.  Thanks again to Matthew Brown for a great puzzle game and I'll be looking forward to his future work."
,Recommended,632000,32697544,Posted: 23 June,all,Urist McDorf,"Another little bit of perfection from the creator of HexCells and SquareCells (though I didn't like the latter as much). This is a game of math - nothing complex, only addition and multiplication - that makes you unravel the puzzles, one by one, until you arrive at the only possible solution. Short, but sweet and relaxing, a great return for its small price.Note: apparently, before the 1.2 update, puzzles reset whenever you made a mistake. Most of the negative reviews seem to stem from that. This is certainly no longer the case."
,Not Recommended,632000,35128778,Posted: 22 September,all,atro city,"I really wish Valve would give a ""Neutral"" option for reviews. My opinion of CrossCells is thoroughly mixed and while at its core it's a great idea, the major grievances I have with it make me hesitant to recommend it.To start off, I love Matthew Brown's other games, Hexcells and SquareCells. However, CrossCells is fundamentally different from both of those. In Hexcells/SquareCells, if you mark or clear a tile incorrectly, you are penalized with a mistake, and that encourages you to solve the puzzles with zero mistakes, which is completely doable because everything can be figured out via a series of logical steps.With CrossCells however, there is no mistake counter. If you make a mistake, you won't know until you run into a contradiction later on. This leads into my main problem with this game. In Hexcells/SquareCells, sometimes two options will be possible, and those lead to their own logical branches. However, those branches almost always converge a few steps later, where you see the branch you took either leads to a contradiction or the right path. These branches can be calculated in your head since they are short.In many CrossCells puzzles, these branches extend the entire length of the puzzle, making calculation beforehand nearly impossible unless you have a natural gift for it. This takes what could have been a fun game of logic and arithmetic and turns it into a trial-and-error slog where you have to follow the branch all the way to its logical conclusion, and if it doesn't work, reset the puzzle. Since there are no penalties for CrossCells, this further adds to the trial-and-error aspect since you can mark/clear tiles all you want without fear of repercussion. It's a step down in design in my opinion because it does not take advantage of the fact that it's a video game. CrossCells could easily be put on paper, whereas Hexcells and SquareCells by their nature could not.It's a shame because some things in CrossCells I found really clever. Sometimes I had to use a sort of ""meta logic"" to solve the puzzles. For example, if there are two tiles, and one or both of them can be cleared, but there are absolutely no other informational clues in the whole puzzle related to those two tiles, I had to make the deduction that since the game would not force me to guess in such an obvious manner, both tiles can be cleared.However, given the heavy trial-and-error aspect of long logical branches combined with the lack of any penalty for mistakes, I simply can't in good faith recommend CrossCells."
,Not Recommended,632000,31998506,Posted: 27 May,all,Commissar Wheasal,"Hexacells is a much more enjoyable game. Play them all instead.The biggest issue with CrossCells is how it responds to failure. I mess up in Hexacells there is a failure sound, I lose the potential at a perfect score, but the game continues. I can learn what I did wrong, experiment, learn the game systems and the rules I forgot about. It gives me the opertunity to understand.CrossCells response to failure is to kick you back to the level select screen immediatly. No chance to understand why what you just did was wrong, it just was and you're dumb, better luck next time idiot."
,Not Recommended,632000,33174922,Posted: 3 July,all,Artibius,"PROS:+ interesting puzzle gameplay+ nice chill soundtrackCONS:- not much replayability- no level generator- no stars/rewards for careful approach- UI seems like a downgrade from the previous game(s)Comment:A numbers game where you select or hide cells/squares based on special rules shown by numbers on the sides or brackets. Levels get harder each time with new rules appearing. These rules could be better visualized as there is not much of a tutorial for them after level 20. Relaxing music is present again with the same style as the other Cells games. What is not present is the dark mode, which seems like a downgrade from the previous game - SquareCells. There are colors you can choose but nothing that would make the game less white/bright. Ripple effects are annoying but you can turn them off. I imagine it was supposed to look more interesting but for me it just felt distorted and weird. No stars system to reward the player either. So this makes brute force approach the best, which is unfortunate considering the point seemed to be to carefully try each puzzle. The ""Select Puzzle"" menu is a bit off where you instinctively want to do the first block but the numbers are split between the two blocks (you need to go per row). No level generator, after doing the 50 levels there is almost no replayability. Some of the above was nitpicking but I have a reason. As this game is part of a bundle of five games it cannot avoid the fact that it's inferior to the other four. I think Matthew Brown has done some great work with these games but this one lacks some polish and so just falls under the edge of recommending. If it gets updated I will totally update the review. But as it stands now it's not recommended.------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
,Recommended,632000,35142968,Posted: 22 September,all,paralipsis,"I recommend this game with one significant caveat. Namely, I consider this the weakest game in the series. So if you have not played any of the HexCells or SquareCells, I recommend those above this game by a significant margin. Only if you've played all of the other games would I recommend this to scratch a similar itch if you feel the need, and even then, it comes as (what I perceive) a step down in engagement.I don't regret playing it, but I had higher hopes. It's hard to say exactly where this really falls down for me, but I think it's that I had a harder time juggling all the interdependent variables in a way that tipped the scales a little more towards work than pleasure compared to the other games in the -Cells series, or my beloved Picross games. It may well be that smarter players than me might find this more rather than less enjoyable than the other -Cells games. I can't discount the possibility that I lack a large enough working memory to make this more enjoyable to play. That said, I feel that there's a fairly narrow segment of players who want to work harder on their puzzles, but are satisfied with doing so for only two hours. For me, CrossCells sits in an awkward middle ground between the chill-out style puzzle games like its precessors and deeper and more complex games such as those by Zachtronics (e.g. SpaceChem, Infinifactory, et. al.). It's fine for what it is, but I'd rather play something that's more towards one extreme or the other."
,Recommended,632000,31982926,Posted: 26 May,all,Levitate,New game by Hexcells developerA more detailed explanation would be better (especially around stage 22...) but overall another solid puzzle game.Does not have infinite mode or community content so total playtime might feel short.
,Recommended,632000,34299940,Posted: 16 August,all,Skye,"After reading some of the negative reviews from other players who had also played the Hexcells trilogy, I was prepared for some disappointment, but I ended up enjoying this combination of math and logic perhaps even more than I enjoyed Hexcells.  Having numerical values to bear in mind added another layer of reasoning that I imagine I would miss if I were to replay Hexcells.My only complaint is the length of the game:  for me, around 3 hours without guessing or cheating.  Of course, I have played and enjoyed shorter and worse games for the same price, but I can't help but compare this one to the Hexcells trilogy.  According to my Steam statistics, Hexcells Plus took me around 10 hours to finish and Hexcells Infinite took me around 20.  I'm hungry for more, so I hope that this game is the start of a new series that will grow in difficulty and game length accordingly, just as Hexcells did."
,Recommended,632000,34125444,Posted: 9 August,all,Ava Tris,Another logic puzzle game by Matthew Brown. Not the best in his portfolio - I don't think the concept of CrossCells is as addictive as his others - but still worth buying.
,Recommended,632000,32097585,Posted: 31 May,all,Admiral Rinj von Scoot,"While HexCells is still probably my favorite from this dev, CrossCells stands out on its own as a fun puzzle game. It's a bit complex in the sense that one has to keep a lot of mental notes about each board while solving it, with no in-game option to tentatively mark squares à la Minesweeper's question mark. I'm not particularly good at that, so each puzzle felt like my brain trying to balance ten spinning plates at once. This aspect made the later puzzles feel weirdly intense, in stark contrast to the much more laid back nature of the other *Cells games. It's not what I expected, but I enjoyed it nonetheless.I played through CrossCells over the course of about a week, and during that span the developer fixed my only two real complaints about the game: the intro to multiplication is a bit more intuitive than it was originally, and there is now a toggle to switch off the ripple effect on the cursor. Useful, timely patches, what an amazing concept. Some might take issue with the unforgiving nature of this game--the player is immediately kicked out of a puzzle as soon as a mistake is made. That's how I played the other *Cells games, so it didn't bother me.A note on playtime: I left the game running in the background a few times, actual playtime was closer to about three hours.These games are some of the only ones I buy blindly nowadays, and they're always a treat."
76561197970219980,Not Recommended,632000,32007829,Posted: 27 May,all,The Milkman,"I really enjoyed Hexcells and Squarecells. I've played all 3 Hexcells twice already, so I was quite excited to see the new release by Matthew Brown.Here is the review short and sweet: while the core mechanics of the game are really interesting, and follow nicely in the ssries of number-based puzzles that were released before, this game has some frustrating flaws that really turn me off from playing it. Fortunately, these flaws mainly pertain to the interface and can be easily fixed.1) When you make a single mistake on a puzzle, the game brings you back to the puzzle selection menu. This is incredibly frustrating, especially since the transition animations to and from the puzzles are rather slow.2) Some of the core mechanics of the game are not explained properly (if at all - such asmultipliers).3) There is an annoying ripple effect that follows the mouse mouvement and that cannot be turned off."
,Recommended,632000,32475295,Posted: 16 June,all,gullevek,"I am a huge fan of the three HexCells game and I think they are the best Puzzle games I have ever played.  I also enjoyed SquareCells although it was much too easy.This is a very different type to the previous game. I see it more as a Sodoku/Cross word puzzle type. There is less logic, but more a lot of calculations to find out what is possible and what not. I liked it, but I didn't like it as much as the HexCells ones.Still, compared to other puzzle games, this one is really great. And I still got a wonderful feeling of victory once I solved a level.A note: The level layout is very confusing and I played in the wrong order and so had super easy next to super hard levels. Levels are not in one block ordered, but over both blocks. If you don't play the whole full line, you will miss out on some basic training levels.In short, recommended if you like puzzle games."
76561197998300997,Recommended,632000,31988963,Posted: 26 May,all,Barry,Hexcells is probably still the high water mark but this is more great stuff.If you enjoyed his other work then you'll enjoy this.Mobile versions please!
,Not Recommended,632000,33408110,Posted: 9 July,all,durnsey,"The hexcells games were fantastic, the squarecells game was a similar concept but more limited, and this game just doesn't work for me.Its certainly a 'me thing', not a 'game thing' - i found the addition of math to remove the logical abstract thinking which i so enjoyed in the other games. It made it a chore, rather than an interesting exploration."
,Recommended,632000,32340522,Posted: 11 June,all,shlam,"Same as everything this developer puts out. Fantastic stuff. Pick up Hexcells first and when you fall in love then grab the rest of his games.One criticism is that there is no reset button, which is a strange step back in development since all the other games have such an option."
76561198086773104,Recommended,632000,31984168,Posted: 26 May,all,Cookie 🍪,"Crosscells is a logic game. You have numbers on a grid of cells, you can enable a cell, or disable it. There are numbers outside the grid giving you hints on which cells you should enable, such the sum/number of activated cells in a column/area. The game introduces new rules and elements almost every 5 levels to keep itself fresh.For such a low price as this, 50 levels are more than enough. However, it didn'tfeelenough to me. The whole game felt like a build-up for the final levels. Even though the levels were very well-made and I enjoyed solving every one of them, at the end, I was left thinking there could've been much more to the game. (Read: Matthew, please give us a sequel)tl;dr If you are a fan of number based puzzles, or just logic games in general then this game is definitely for you.If you want alternate games recommendations, you should check out the Logic Puzzle Pack Bundle, (I think XCells Bundle would be a better name for it, the current name is pretty generic)"
,Recommended,632000,34516619,Posted: 26 August,all,greevdef,"A game about logic, addition, and multiplication.  It's only a few hours long, but it's good."
,Recommended,632000,32858743,Posted: 27 June,all,Nalgas D. Lemur,"Not my favorite Matthew Brown game, but it does enough to be interesting and worth my time. If you have issues with basic mental arithmetic or holding those concepts in your head it may drive you nuts compared to his more straightforward games, but it worked for me as a nice change of pace."
,Recommended,632000,31997747,Posted: 27 May,all,Nooobody,Only thing missing is the Perfectionist achievement!
76561198108183039,Not Recommended,632000,34183272,Posted: 11 August,all,DiabolicalDude,"I liked Hexcells but not really this.It’s a similar concept as hexcells but with math. The thing that really drags it down is the fact that you can go all the way to the end of a level, while making an error in the middle and have a messed up solution. At this point, you just have to guess and change things or restart because there is no undo and the solution isn’t counted correct/incorrect whenever you click on a square. Plus, some of the logic is pretty much having two options and seeing which one works. This is fine when the chain is one or two but when the logical flaw comes in 5 moves later, it just means you have to restart because there is no way to undo."
,Not Recommended,632000,32013043,Posted: 27 May,all,Cyril,"I was already feeling that this game just doesn't quite work. The game does not give you the proper tools to keep track of solutions like it feels like it should resulting in puzzles being really taxing in an unfun way. And then, as has been pointed out quite a lot, level 46 does not have a unique solution and is legitimately guesswork after a certain point (EDIT: This is fixed, but I am not removing this from my review as it's absurd the game was released with this issue in the first place). Which is frankly unacceptable. I was already not really enjoying the game much up to that point but that's decisively the breaking point for me. Sorry, but this is the first Matthew Brown game that I cannot recommend."
,Recommended,632000,32209418,Posted: 5 June,all,ettglasjuice,"Another challenging mind twister from Matthew Brown. Quite a bit different from Hexcells, CrossCells requires the player to solve relatively simple math equations as part of the puzzles. The game flow is however quite similar in that it requires using sparse clues available to deduce which cells have to be part of the puzzle and which can not. Gradually working your way through the board, keeping several states in mind and finding patterns.Since I am both a fan of math puzzles and love this style of Mine Sweeper/Picross/Sudoku-esque puzzle games, CrossCells was an absolute joy to tackle. A must for the deducing puzzle fan, as long as adding and multiplying numbers while following the order of operations in mathemetics do not scare you away."
76561198155668134,Recommended,632000,32601228,Posted: 20 June,all,wbthvohp,"This minimalist puzzle game is as great as any other by Matthew Brown!As always, the puzzle set starts with basics that are easy to grasp, and then slowly but appropriately works its way up in difficulty and complexity.The puzzles are great at making you keep arithmetic sums and products in your head along with quantities of tiles and combinations of numbers, and are overall a great exercise in logical thinking.If you enjoyed this game, I would highly highly recommend the other puzzle games by Matthew Brown, especially the Hexcells series, as I've found them to be wonderfully designed minimalist puzzle games, all with basically the same style of slow atmospheric music that helps relax you as you think, and puzzles that feel intuitive and balanced in their difficulty progression.The only complaints I'd have is that the ripple effect in the UI blurs the font that is small enough that you might already have to squint to see (thankfully, this doesn't carry over into the actual game). Having ""only"" 50 puzzles may make the game seem a bit on the short side as well, and I'd like to see more, but otherwise I love CrossCells and the other puzzle games like it!"
,Recommended,632000,32152076,Posted: 3 June,all,Dknighter,"The mechanics are very basic. Just simple maths puzzles but they can be very challenging. It's worth the price. The game did quit out once you make a mistake, making it very annoying but that's been changed now."
,Recommended,632000,32007586,Posted: 27 May,all,GORF,"Neat little puzzler. All this guy's games are really good for a relaxing few hours puzzling. Not quite as good as his earlier Hexcells games, but still recommended."
76561198174655965,Recommended,632000,31976592,Posted: 26 May,all,KaiserPinguin,"CrossCells is a puzzle and logic game that requires just a little mathematic thinking (summation and multiplication of single-digit numbers).The game contists of 50 increasingly challenging levels and introduces new puzzle elements every few levels. Overall the game is not too challenging and can be completed within a few hours. All 50 levels are immediately available and can be played in any order.In the current version, the difficulty is heavily reduced by the fact that every wrong guess will interrupt the level and bring you back to the level selection menu. Thus, every wrong guess is immediately clear and can be avoided the next time playing the same level. I would have prefered a system like in Minesweeper where you can put a flag on an uncertain tile as a visual aid.Another flaw is the not-so-clear introduction to the MULTIPLICATION RULE. As a hint:- The position of the goal number indicates in which direction the numbers have to be added and/or multiplied.- A multiplication tile multiplies all numbers that are in front of the factor, e.g. 2  4  x2 would equal (2+4)x2=16.Altogether it is a short but enjoyable puzzle and logic game, which, hopefully, will be a little improved by the devs."
,Recommended,632000,31992700,Posted: 27 May,all,SCHAAP!,"Neat little puzzle game, although I wouldn't mind if there were more puzzles...Completed the game within 2 hours, well worth it though."
76561198053723706,Recommended,632000,31988180,Posted: 26 May,all,GarrettChan,"Never disappointed by Matthew Brown. Never have enough logical puzzle like this. Really enjoy the thinking process. Of course, I have 2 complaints this time:1. It's somewhat annoying when you click something wrong, you are automatically thrown back to the level selection. Probably directly resetting the puzzle would be better. There's no point to prevent people by clicking around randomly in order to finish the level because this is a waste of their own money.2. The arrow for calculation order should be reversed. Now, right arrow on the left side means calculation from the right, which is very confusing."
,Recommended,632000,32025608,Posted: 28 May,all,Teun2408,"It isn't as good as hexcells, but it still is a great game"
76561198040466770,Recommended,632000,32087522,Posted: 31 May,all,abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz,"wonderfully logical game that requires me to conduct mental simulations to solve puzzles.  Makes me tired from brain overload like all of Mr. Brown's other games.  I feel right at home.....except for this new ""wavy"" aesthetic whenever the cursor flows over something.  Not game breaking by any means....just weird."
,Recommended,632000,31980243,Posted: 26 May,all,weev,"An easy recommendation for anyone that like's Matthew Brown's previous games.  However, I think it suffers even more severely from a flaw present in all of his other games, that there's no way to temporarily mark cells to visually think you're way through different logical sequences - like the question flags in minesweeper.  This is probably welcome by some visual thinkers who are able to visualize extended sequences in their head, but in some of the puzzles I had to resort to taking a screenshot and using Paint to mark my guesses to eliminate a particular cell."
,Recommended,632000,32002160,Posted: 27 May,all,Grant,A puzzle game with good progression and level design. Watch that you get the levels in the right order - the layout is misleading.
,Recommended,632000,32003389,Posted: 27 May,all,Salty Catfish!,"EDIT: I can gladly say that two of my three caveats have been patched out -- you can disable the shimmer and the puzzles no longer automatically fail upon your first mistake. Great to see a developer listening to feedback! Here's my original review when the game was released:It's a Matthew Brown game, so you probably have some idea what kind of puzzles to expect: CrossCells is a math-based logic puzzle that's a variation on the basic idea of the Japanese kakuro (essentially a numbers crossword). And, for the most part, it delivers exactly what you want. But this is a recommendation with some caveats:- The game is badly in need of a tool to mark cells as ""maybes/maybe nots"" instead of forcing you to commit to either locking in or deleting a cell.- This is exacerbated by the game abruptly booting you back to the main menu upon a mistake. Let us play it through! It's tough to learn from your mistakes when the puzzle vanishes as soon as you make one.- A minor one, but the shimmery effect on the white background can be somewhat visually irritating.I still recommend it, particularly if you're a fan of Brown's previous games, but I would also rank this as his weakest game yet."
76561198044566427,Recommended,632000,33736985,Posted: 22 July,all,alias.sqbr,"An elegant and understated logic game. Not quite as satisfying as the Hexcells series, sometimes I'd stumble on the right answer and instead of going ""aha!"" would just go ""...huh""."
,Recommended,632000,33503123,Posted: 13 July,all,bob loblaw,"Ok, it's not as good as the hex series. But they are the best damn levels anyone can make with these arithmetic mechanics.As I came to expect, the levels build up in difficulty and teach you strategies, preparing you for the later harder ones, which makes the game very satisfying to complete."
76561198023110756,Recommended,632000,31988548,Posted: 26 May,all,Shadowbubbles,"Matthew Brown does it again, again."
,Recommended,632000,31978922,Posted: 26 May,all,The™ Baron,"CrossCells is another fine puzzle game from Matthew Brown, but certain rules pertaining to multiplication could have been conveyed better."
,Not Recommended,632000,32845645,Posted: 27 June,all,MrAgLi,"All the other game made by this guy was good. It was satisfying to get all the stars. But this one doesn't have a star system. Hell, all the feels good feelings whenever you finished a level is all gone. Even the levels that I finished with great care at once were just another annoying things that have been finished. I couldn't played it straight like all the others. In Hexcells all the break I took because they were hard because it has a system. This one was just if it doesn't work, just click. Some of the equation were random at best. What worst was that the tutorials is way too long, in fact until levels 15 or so it stop feeling like a tutorial. It start to be annoying. And NO this is not because of math, because I love math. I took pleasure in math at school and still do, in fact I'm subsribed to a daily mathematics challenge because of my love towards math. But this is annoying at best. At worst, I felt like refunding this. But that means that I have to give up all of the other one that I have bought them bundled with, which was a better mind cracking games. Also my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ specs can't handle unnesessary water effect, it broke my cheap speaker."
,Recommended,632000,32895827,Posted: 27 June,all,Illusionary,"Not as superb as the HexCells trilogy, but this is another solid puzzle game from Matthew Brown. The game is somewhat more reliant on maths/mental arithmetic that I typically like in puzzle games, which is worth bearing in mind if you're considering a purchase. However, after this feeling peaking around halfway through the puzzles, I found this then gradually to become less of an issue as I become more adept at spotting the key patterns that allow progress to be made, without as much trial-and-error of potential scenarios. Recommended."
,Recommended,632000,32034150,Posted: 28 May,all,dark_horse_414,"Definitely recommend this math puzzle game.  It's challenging for sure.  A few things of note:1 - After the recent update, you are able to turn of the wave effect that happened when moving the mouse cursor.  This greatly reduced dizziness for me.  Thumbs up for that change.2 - Some people ask for a way to click on boxes within the puzzle without having an automatic puzzle fail, kinda like having a piece of scrap paper.  I'm torn on this idea.  If we were able to do that, it'd be too easy I think.  The fact is, every box of every puzzle is solvable without resorting to guessing, so the game forces you to find the boxes, one-by-one, that have an absolute solution to them.  I like it how it is right now.3 - It's a bit short right now, but for $3 I feel I got my money worth.  If he releases an add-on I'll definitely buy it.---- I should note, it took me 2.4 hrs to complete all 50 puzzles, so about $1/hr, pretty good value."
76561197969447988,Recommended,632000,32038004,Posted: 29 May,all,Osmium,"This deviates from both hexcells and squarecells in that you can't interact with a square without commiting to a solution. You can't leave question marks on potential squares and any failure resets the puzzle. This means you have to hold a lot of numbers in your head all the time and you usually can't fill in any of a puzzle without having the entire thing solved mentally ahead of time. This becomes quite complicated when you're expected to mentally keep track of the sums of 18 different combinations of numbers simultaneously. It isn't until puzzle 30 or so that the puzzles allow you to solve part of it and gradually work towards the solution like a sodoku.I'll still recommend it, but it's not the best game in the series."
,Recommended,632000,31970943,Posted: 26 May,all,A Dull Black Ixian Artifact,Cheap and chill puzzles for a rainy evening.
76561198090847919,Recommended,632000,33261245,Posted: 4 July,all,coleo,"Matthew, please make some levels of your next iteration impossibly hard. This game is enjoyable challenging, but I think that level of difficulty may be susceptible to boredom :)"
76561197966911387,Recommended,632000,34696158,Posted: 2 September,all,Martin Norrman,I might just be in love with Matthew Brown for these games!
,Recommended,632000,32007351,Posted: 27 May,all,Tantalus,"Good, although weakest of Matthew Browns' games so far. Seems kinda on the easy side as well (comparable with the first Hexcells)."
76561198026892903,Recommended,632000,32149628,Posted: 3 June,all,Bijat,"Decent gameShortkinda iritating u have to redo the whole thing if you missklick, shoud instead have a ""upload"" or smth button to test if your right, not the game trying it evry time u klick smth"
,Recommended,632000,35288010,Posted: 29 September,all,pringler,yuh
,Not Recommended,632000,32092437,Posted: 31 May,all,mogwins,HexCells and SquareCells are superb. Logic puzzlers honed to perfection. I'd happily keep paying for more of those.But CrossCells is a mis-step.
,Not Recommended,632000,32084721,Posted: 31 May,all,Ensiferum,"I loved Hexcells and played it until I got all achievements, then played some more. Seeing this game, of course I needed to try it! Well, I did and it just left me irrationally angry.Pro:+ I get to train my arithmetic!Cons:- The ripple effect left by the cursor is annoying, bordering on nauseating- Everything went well up until the point of multiplications. If we're not going to work with brackets, then 1 + 3 x 4 = 13, not 16. And obviously, we're not working with brackets, because these equations need to work backwards in some places as well.- As far as I've seen, there are times when multiple solutions are possible. Yet, somehow, there's only one fixed solution and you better pick that one or...- You get sent back immediately to the level selection menu upon making a mistake. Not only is this annoying, it also gives the answers away. I much preferred the ""Mistakes made""-counter from Hexcells.So, overall, I'm pretty disappointed at CrossCells and can only hope SquareCells, that I bought in the same bundle, is better..."
,Recommended,632000,33202742,Posted: 3 July,all,6ap6apblckaAa,Another great puzzle from Matthew!Instabuy.
,Recommended,632000,33309174,Posted: 6 July,all,LonM,"Another great puzzle game by matthew brown.This one uses similar rules of gemotry as his previous games (match rules within rows, columns, groups), but the difference now is that you have to use basic arithmetic rules (e.g. addition, multiplication) to match a target. Has a good length for the price (50 levels).The puzzles are as challenging as some of his other games although I feel this one could be improved on the technical side as it is lacking a Dark mode, and some of the textual prompts could do with better contrast.But aside from those issues, this is a puzzle game worth playing."
,Recommended,632000,33473212,Posted: 11 July,all,rmz,"CrossCells is an ambient logic puzzle game. Much like other [something]Cells games by Matthew Brown.Ambient music, minimalistic visuals and brain overheating, these are three things you can expect from Matthew's games. CrossCells is no different. What's it all about? Numbers. It's kinda like sudoku, with a twist. You must match numbers shown on the borders adding and/or multiplying the numbers provided in the table.If you don't know any other XCells games start with  Hexcells first, these are still the best. This one, in comparison, might require a bit of luck and/or thinking several steps ahead instead of on the spot logic reasoning you used to progress in the former games. But if you're like me and love these games and finished all of them already you should give this one a try. It's not as good as the previous ones, but still quite enjoyable.I liked:* some levels are really excellent and can melt your brain* this is everything you'd expect from a game by Matthew BrownI disliked:* more times than I would expect logical thinking gets you nowhere and you just have to blind guess* two or three puzzles are awfully simpleGet this if:* you liked any of the previous XCells games* you like minimalistic puzzlersDon't get this if:* you don't like numbers* you're annoyed by a little guessing in your puzzling"
,Recommended,632000,31977478,Posted: 26 May,all,Bashfluff,"There's a real art to coming up with puzzles like this, where you feel like the game has handed you all the tools you need to intuit the answers to the puzzle in front of you. None of the other games in this series ticked that box for me. It always felt like I was left guessing or that I was missing some method of solving a puzzle that was never so much as hinted at.That doesn't mean the puzzles are simple, but they are simple to understand, which is always a plus. Every new rule makes sense instantly, and I feel like the knowledge of how quickly a player could grasp them made for stronger puzzle design. There are only 50 puzzles, but new elements are introduced regularly and I felt like it took complete advantage of the overall concept.Worth a few bucks if you've bored yourself to death playing the more standard logic puzzles, even if it only lasts a few hours."
76561197981706607,Recommended,632000,31998043,Posted: 27 May,all,Amalzain,"This is by the same man who created the excellent Hexcells and Squarecells.  This is sadly not nearly as good as the others. There are only 50 puzzles, which I finished in an hour and a half. The concept is interesting - using numbers of cells and basic math to figure out which should be highlighted, but the interface has a basic flaw that ruins most everything.  One mistake and you're done; it kicks you out to the level select screen. That means that any progress you made is lost, and also, since every cell can either only be on or off, it tells you what that cell should be, giving you an extra hint (if you can remember where you were). This interaction both make the game very frustrating and very easy to 'guess' your way through. Practically any other approach would have made things more satisfying. It is a fundamental flaw to an otherwise challenging logic game."
,Recommended,632000,32016350,Posted: 28 May,all,Russell's 'Mr. Sunshine' Teapot,"I have really enjoyed all of the Hexcells games so far.This game is a tad different as it focusses more on maths.But this is okay, Hexcells Infinite has an endless mode so if you enjoyed those puzzles just play that.The puzzle design is still great, I really enjoyed all of the puzzles.And the mechanics get complex and challenging, so all round really enjoyed Crosscells."
,Recommended,632000,32001808,Posted: 27 May,all,Sanyu,"Fun, not too bad at all. Definitely challenging.Only major complaint - the second you make a mistake, you're kicked back to the main/puzzle select screen.  So if you right-click instead of left-click, entire level progress is reset.It REALLY needs a submit button where you can solve the puzzle, and attempt to validate it.  If you have mistakes, level doesn't complete.  The resetting everything on the larger/harder puzzles is really really tedious.TL;DR: Let the player select / deselect all the boxes, then click a button to check if the puzzle is correct! Don't wipe it on a single wrong click on a square!"
,Recommended,632000,32026948,Posted: 28 May,all,johnnyxel,"SquareCells plus arithmetic, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,632000,32026264,Posted: 28 May,all,GGLucas,"The latest installment of this great series of puzzlers. The new arithmetic mechanics feel rather clunky at first, but there's a  point somewhere along the way where the way the math deductions work ""clicks"", and it becomes super engaging.Here's to hoping for a ""CrossCells Plus"", I really need more of these puzzles!"
,Recommended,632000,31975987,Posted: 26 May,all,Therac-25,"Matthew Brown has made some of the best logic puzzle games I've played on Steam.  The Hexcells games, especially, I have spent countless hours in.  His games are always a treat to get, and I am excited to dig more into this one.  Everything about this looks engaging and flawless.The following has been addressed.  Leaving it in the review for reference:EXCEPT.There is one small, easily fixable flaw in this game, and until it is dealt with in a patch, I simply can't give this a recommendation.   There is a graphics effect that causes a wave to go out from the mouse cursor and puzzle elements that are clicked on.  It's subtle, but it causes a distortion in the playfield which is extremely noticable and a strain on the eyes when you have to be looking at the puzzles for an extended period.Until there's an option to disable the wave effect, I simply can't give this a recommendation."
,Recommended,632000,32128984,Posted: 2 June,all,Johan,"Another good logic puzzle game from Matthew Brown. I like Hexcells better overall, but enjoyed the math based puzzles in this game a lot.However, I dont like that the game sends you back to the menu if you make any mistakes. Its particularly annoying in the bigger puzzles where its hard to remember which cells you had placed correctly.I would also have liked an option to mark cells, to check potential solutions instead of keeping track of it all in your head."
,Recommended,632000,32140211,Posted: 2 June,all,rezoons,"Another great minimalist puzzle game from Matthew Brown, this one more math oriented.The goal is to remove number panels until the ones left satisfies certain conditions or equations. Very simple rules but the levels quickly get complicated. The levels are all well-crafted and requires different approaches to solve them which doesn't make them repetitive. Unofrtunately, the lack of a random level generator or a level creator means that once you finish the 50 levels there is nothing left to do. You can still count about 3 hours to complete them which is very reasonable for that price.I definitely recommand it for those that like math orientated puzzle games."
,Recommended,632000,32194616,Posted: 5 June,all,Bjornwolf,"A nice puzzle game, in a different enough to be fresh, yet familiar, formula. The puzzles are enjoyable and, at times, quite hard, requiring a proper what-if reasoning, and not just reliant on the perceptiveness of a player.One thing is a bummer, though. If you make a mistake, you have to start from scratch. As a frequent miss-clicker, I would love to have a few seconds to undo the click before being booted out."
,Recommended,632000,32187049,Posted: 4 June,all,Marcus80,"I liked the game as much as I did HexCells and co. Many of the negative reviews mentioned some issues with multiple solutions, which I did not encounter (I played the game after the patch of May 28th). The indeed very annoying rippled water-effect can be removed in the game launcher.Many reviewers also stated that, if you mark a tile wrong, the match ends. I can't see anything negative in this. The game is not as complex as HexCells, indeed, so if you would just get a visual feedback if you were to mismark a tile the game would be over very quick, and it would be very boring. With this decission the game becomes more challenging.It is a short game, I needed about 3 hours to solve it. 3 Euros is a fair price for 3 hours of fun."
,Recommended,632000,32203989,Posted: 5 June,all,microcreep,"Some interesting puzzles, and I look forward to the next iteration.By default the contrast on these games is really bad. If you , like me, have low vision or are prone to eye-strain I'd say to skip it until the dev puts in a high contrast or dark mode."
76561197972512460,Recommended,632000,32123766,Posted: 2 June,all,bonuswavepilot,"Another excellent puzzle game from Matthew Brown.  I must admit I had more trouble getting into this one than I did for Hexcells or Squarecells, but now that I am properly into the swing of things I am enjoying it.  The only quibble I really had was being booted back to the menu screen when you made a mistake, but this has been addressed in the 1.2 update!  Glad for the chance to get my teeth into another 50 carefully-designed puzzles of this quality."
76561198010455011,Recommended,632000,31994065,Posted: 27 May,all,WindsorW,"Updated as of June 8: Brown has released an update for the game which addresses my main issues. The user experience is much improved, and I am pleased to now be able to recommend the game.I am a fan of Brown's previous games, and have over a thousand puzzles solved in Hexcells Infinite. So I was really looking forward to trying his latest effort. Unfortunately it is not up to the standard of his earlier work, and I can not recommend it (at least in the current state, hopefully some changes will be made).Some of the mechanics of the puzzles are not explained at all clearly, unlike in his previous work where each new concept was demonstrated with an introductory puzzle or two. Instead one is forced to trial and error to work out how the mechanic works. This frustration is increased because the result of making an error is to be thrown back to the main menu, forcing a restart of that puzzle. I much preferred the system in Hexcells, where the error was flagged but you remained in the puzzle and could think through where you went astray so you could learn from your mistake. Then you could restart the puzzle from scratch and try for a clean solve.There are some good ideas in CrossCells, and I hope Brown makes some changes to address these issues. But in its current form this game is quite a disappointment."
76561198075419687,Recommended,632000,32181961,Posted: 4 June,all,Rubén,"Same than the other *Cells games, it's higly enjoyable. What I find REALLY annoying here is being kicked out of the game when you make a wrong click. I don't know why it can't just throw an ""error beep"" and keep on playing, instead of making you lose all the progress all of a sudden, which is really disgusting on any non-small board. Matthew please change that behaviour. I can't imagine the hard levels on Hexcells being rebooted every single time you make a mistake."
76561197993678192,Recommended,632000,34429835,Posted: 22 August,all,Timoi,"As opposed to Hexcells and Squarecells which were 100% logic, this game seems to be 3/4 logic, 1/4 trial and error (Unless you have very high skills of thinking SEVERAL moves in the future and calculating multiple equations at the same time) Often times I just have to put in something in the puzzle to see if it will work out with the other parts of the puzzle or not.One of the game's mechanics is that it does not follow the standard order of operations (PEDMAS) but instead goes in written order. Therefore +3 +2 x4 +1=21 according to this game's logic. And sometimes it will have you look at a problem from right to left (or bottom to top) so for the line above, the total would become 9 instead of 21.Also to note, the game seems quite short. Even compared to the Hexcells and squarecells games. I don't normally go through games that quickly and have not been rushing through this either but I completed the first 25 levels out of the total of 50 in about an hour. And that includes me doing research in the forums to understand some of the Mechanics that the game did not explain well enough for me to understand. For someone who's a bit faster than me and who doesn't have any problems with the minimal instructions that the game gives, you may even be able to complete the game and still be able to have it refunded being under the 2 hour play time.That said, it's still a nice little fun game for a fairly low price. Maybe wait for a sale if you thought the other similar games were priced just right."
,Recommended,632000,34259129,Posted: 15 August,all,jOrA,"A quick relaxing game especially if you are into maths. Puzzles are interesting, though some puzzle rules work differently to math's laws."
,Recommended,632000,34536658,Posted: 27 August,all,Idunhaël,"This is a math-based puzzle game. It's only got addition and multiplication, thus it's not too difficult. Great when your body is tired but your mind still active. Gives it something to do."
76561197991465987,Recommended,632000,34502594,Posted: 26 August,all,gbors,"I'm immensely grateful that people like Matthew Brown exist. Guy's a real genius with level design, and he has a massive cult hit with HexCells - who would blame him if he kept releasing more handcrafted Hexcells level each year? I'd certainly buy them, for that matter :)But Matthew wants to move further, and keeps experimenting with new gameplay mechanics in the same general genre. Last year's SquareCells had an interesting fusion of several mechanics, and while it was enjoyable, it simply wasn't such a completely satisfying experience as HexCells. So this year, we have a new (or simply evolved?) mechanic from Matthew in the form of CrossCells - now you don't only have to count the cells, you also have to consider their values.I imagine the adding of maths may not appeal to everyone, but for me, it absolutely re-invigorated the formula, and provided the same fun as HexCells. Actually, despite the different core mechanic, it very much feels like the first HexCells game, and there comes its only fault - there are too many ""learning"" puzzles, and there's no real challenge before the last 15-20% of the game. Even so, level 47 was a real bee-tard - it took me quite a while, and I started not to believe that the same relentless logic will lead to results. But eventually, it did :)Most heartfully recommended, and looking forward to the announcement CrossCells Plus, which, in HexCells fashion, should start in difficulty where the initial game ended."
,Recommended,632000,35357149,Posted: 30 September,all,lifeIsWorthless,"Excellent number puzzle game.simple arithmetic equations, that can be solved numerous ways.challenge is that selection of cells is governed by rules that up the challenge.You like puzzling it out against a few numbers ?Then buy this game."
76561197962160968,Recommended,632000,35141958,Posted: 22 September,all,polydorr,"While this title lacks some the mastery of the Hexcells series, it's still a lot of fun and worthy of further exploration.Other reviews have discussed the need for trial and error and the lack of an 'error counter' to let you know when you are branching off into a series of decisions based on an error. I disagree with these somewhat, or at least wish to qualify them with my experience:- Trial and error: at first it seems like most of your decisions *have to* rely on trial and error. After all, he left something out - didn't he? I actually found my initial trial and error approach to be wrong and after enough concentration realized that all the clues for making decisions were actually right there before me. The point is: you don't need to mindlessly click around to finish the puzzle unless you're just impatient or the difficulty level is too high. The information is there if you look.- Error counter: while an error counter might be useful due to the fact you can just try different solutions without penalty, consider this: these puzzles are on average smaller than the massive Hexcell maps - I think it would take some of the fun out of the solve. Not only that, even in Hexcells you could cheese the counter by just restarting the puzzle. I don't feel like losing it really takes anything away from the game.Regardless of your position neither of these issues is worth not recommending the game.CrossCells isn't the revelation that Hexcells was but it's still worth playing and very indicative of Matthew Brown's style, of which I'm a huge fan. I wish we saw more of his work more often."
,Recommended,632000,35263891,Posted: 28 September,all,vunguyendesu,Got 2 hours to spare and wanna do nerve-wrecking puzzle? You got this.
,Recommended,632000,35269489,Posted: 28 September,all,Toysoldier,It is a great game and if you have played the other games included in the Logic Puzzle Pack then this is another game to pick up and play.It isn't quite to the same level as the past games however so I would say to play the other ones first and come back to this after finishing those but still looking for more.
,Recommended,632000,35479296,Posted: 4 October,all,marmot722,"German version belowThis game is perfect for calming down. The soundtrack is, like the design, clear and relaxing. You can just sit back and you only need your mouse to play CrossCells. A basic understanding of algebra is sufficient for playing.In my opinion the logic puzzles of this game are more ""effective"" than inHexcells. It's hard to guess the right solution, if you don't know how to solve a puzzle correctly. Whereas inHexcellsyou can solve a level quickly by just clicking around. That's one of the reasons I recommend this game. However, I find it more difficult to get into the game than in the other titles of the series. You have to find out more on your own.Since there are only 50 levels, I needed three hours for a complete playthrough. That's okay, but not much for the regular price. You should consider this when buying. I'm kind of sad that there is no random generator like inHexcells Infinite, especially because CrossCells is newer. If you can overlook this, CrossCells is worth a try.————————————————————————Das Spiel ist perfekt geeignet zum runterkommen. Das Design ist schön aufgeräumt und der Soundtrack wirkt entspannend. Man lehnt sich einfach zurück und braucht nur die Maus um CrossCells zu bedienen. Zum Spielen ist ein grundlegendes Algebraverständnis ausreichend.Meiner Meinung nach sind die Logikrätsel besser gelungen als inHexcells, da es schwieriger ist die richtige Lösung zu finden. BeiHexcellsreicht es leider aus wild herumzuklicken, ohne zu verstehen, wie es überhaupt funktioniert. Das ist einer der Gründe warum ich CrossCells empfehle. In den anderen Titeln der Serie ist der Spieleinstieg dafür besser gelungen.Man sollte vor dem Kauf bedenken, dass es nur 50 Level gibt. Um das Spiel komplett durchzuspielen hat es bei mir lediglich drei Stunden gebraucht. Dem Einen oder Anderen könnte dies zu wenig sein für den regulären Preis. Ein bisschen schade finde ich, dass es keinen Zufallsgenerator wie inHexcells Infinitegibt. Von dem neusten Titel in der Serie hätte man das erwarten können. Wer darüber hinweg sehen kann, sollte sich nicht scheuen das Spiel zu testen."
