user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,635200,34471500,Posted: 24 August,all,Mongy,"Aw man, I'm really sorry. I feel bad for leaving a negative review but I have to be completely honest, I even recommended this to a couple of friends before I properly played it.I bought this because of the title, game cover and description, everything said to me that this was as close to a proper 'The Thing"" game it was going to get. (forget about the PS2 game for a second, which was awesome by the way)The game runs amazingly, with an isometric view, a creepy arctic theme, RNG map/loot, and a lot of damn scavenging. But it's not actually very fun to play.There is no 'The Thing' here, your enemies are alien anomalies that are attracted to the delta waves that your REM sleep produces, so when your characters need to sleep they are in danger (cool concept, but an anticlimactic enemy) The anomalies are orbs that are damaged by light, so you need to keep a nearby generator running to keep them away, or else they'll enter the building and start killing your survivors.Other dangers that your survivors face are COLD and HUNGER, warmth isn't too hard to come by (during the early game atleast) but food seems to be quite an issue, all factors will damage an overall health pool that each of your survivors have, when their health pool reaches zero then they enter a coma (not death) and they can still be revived with adrenaline, but also become quite a burden as you'll have to give them a shoulder and drag them to safety (another awesome concept) Once all of your survivors are in a coma then the game is over.To win the game you must find the exit through each of the six sectors, each sector is a section of the arctic base you are in (A lot like FTL, which I love)So far it all sounds quite cool, but now I'm going to explain my PERSONAL dislike.There really isn't much gameplay other than scavenging, scavenging, scavenging and keeping your survivors warm, fed, and rested.You may as well just play 'This War of Mine' or something (I'm not a shill, promise)I've only played for 1.8 hours, but it was more than enough to know what I was getting into as the 1.8 hours that I HAVE played seemed to be the same thing over and over.Another really neat gameplay mechanic here are the 'Madness symptoms' your survivor gets when they're extremely tired, they will begin hallucinating and not quite knowing what's real or not, but I wouldn't quite call that 'Distrust'I think if the game had some horror to it then it would be enjoyable, or aliens that aren't spherical, atleast. Also tone down the needs of the survivors just a tiny bit, it's boring.I'm not going to refund, I'll wait and see what else comes of this game because all of the base features are here.Thank you for reading I suppose."
76561197973102814,Recommended,635200,34441769,Posted: 23 August,all,Pepe,"Well made game. No bugs or lags so far, the game feels finished. Clearly worth its low price. Though don't expect much from the Strategy tag, the title or its description about being inspired from 'The Thing'. This is a Top-Down survival adventure in an arctic station. There are aliens (just spheres) but these doesn't play a big role, the game would work without them aswell. And luck plays a pretty big role, even a little more than I like.So the goal is to finish 6 areas each consisting a couple buildings. To advance to a new area one needs to solve a specific task. Finding specific items, using levers and so on. And like in every other survival game one does have short-term goals like fighting fatigue, hunger and coldness that prevent him from solving the respective task of the area directly. If you fail at this not only do your 2 characters (later 3) lose health but they can also get psychoses what requires them to sleep even more. And you really don't want them to sleep because then the aliens may spawn and you don't have much options to fight them. Coffee is best.The devs clearly tried to add some replayability to the game. The areas are randomly generated and so is the loot. There are quite a good amount of different characters aswell though these have just some different passive abilities (and sometimes a few starting items). But I don't expect that I will play this game for quite some time now that I finished it for the first time. And that's fine for a game of this price."
,Not Recommended,635200,34462236,Posted: 24 August,all,SGT Duran,"Resource management game. You have to keep your people fed, rested, and warm. This is done by making smart choices, and praying to RNGeesus. The game gets harder since everytime anyone goes to sleep these things will spawn and hunt and kill your people. They can be stopped, but it isn't easy. Very slow game, and most of the unlocks you can only get from playing on hard mode. Not a fan of that at all. Over all, 6/10. You are better off playing ""this war of mine""."
,Recommended,635200,34452206,Posted: 23 August,all,Atlas (DesertedSand),"So far I like it, but the odds seem rather stacked against you.You're at the mercy of RNG jesus at every corner and I kind of don't like that about this game, but at the same time some runs will give you so much loot and other runs just give you the middle finger.I'd get it if you liked Beholder, it's sort of the same style. I loved Beholder and I do like this game so I guess I'll recommend it till I get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about not being able to make it past stage(zone) 3 of 6(?)"
,Not Recommended,635200,34487867,Posted: 25 August,all,EQOAnostalgia,"Far too much RNG. Something that won't abide in this genre. Wits, conservation of items and experience should be what counts, not hoping for some coffee beans because you can't find a single bed in 12 different buildings. Open a door... WHOOPS cut your hand, better stop everything and look for some rags or you're dead meat. Basically the game forces you to contantly, and relentlessly, without pause, look for the items you need to sustain your extremely needy sims, while trying to find the key items you need to open the door to the next zone.It's a good concept and the setting is fantastic, great atmosphere, music, and offers a lot of charm to John Carpenter fans, which i happen to be. But all of this is dragged down by a constant struggle to find trivial items like pills, coffee and dried noodles. Honestly, if you're into isometric survival games Don't Starve is a must if it isn't already in your library, i also recommend Project Zomboid, it's an oldie but goodie, Darkwood is great as well, but i can't recommend a game that relies this much on RNG, just too frustrating."
,Not Recommended,635200,34493747,Posted: 25 August,all,JimThePea,"I'm just not sure about this game, from the description and screenshots I was getting Invisible Inc., This War of Mine and The Long Dark vibes, all games that I really enjoyed, so I had to jump in.Invisible Inc. is turn-based, letting you deal with one character at a time, in Distrust, I found myself juggling both trying not to have one character idly wasting time while the other is doing something, many times I switched to that idle character and clicked on something just as the busy one finished. There doesn't seen to be much point to keeping them together besides the alternative being more fiddly.This War of Mine breaks up the scavenging with base building, when I muddled through the first area in Distrust (did not appreciate the whole 'pull levers in order' run-around by the way), I was thinking ""Great, I bet now I'll be in a nice shelter where I can recover a little before pressing on, maybe take in some of that lore and stuff"", instead it was straight into running around another snowfield.The Long Dark has you constantly fending off tiredness, cold and hunger, just like Distrust, except it's nothing like as aggressive as it is here. This is compounded by two things: having to babysit two characters that are constantly in need of something (and letting you know about it), and buildings that each offer mostly one kind of thing (no food in the tool shop, no wood in infirmary, etc.), meaning that you're wasting time getting into buildings that end up having none of the resources you need, I feel like it could be much looser about this without breaking the idea.All these issues came together to make me feel rushed and hassled playing Distrust, which could well be the point I'm just not getting, but having played and loved games like Don't Starve and FTL, I know you can have realtime peril while giving the player breathing room. There's the elements of a good game here, but I think the developers could learn more from their influences (whatever they are) without reinventing what they have here."
76561197972507226,Recommended,635200,34453842,Posted: 23 August,all,-Ghost-,"A fun little horror game. Things start out pretty mundane, so don't be put off by the floating orbs and only dealing with the cold. Even on the easier difficulty things got pretty tough by zone 3-4, and you start encountering more problems like sanity, actual monsters, etc. The graphics are simple but nice, with smooth animations and great weather effects.Honestly the only thing I wish this had was something actually like The Thing in there, though I haven't finished a run yet, so it could be out there somewhere."
76561198086497152,Recommended,635200,34451110,Posted: 23 August,all,mouse,"A nice game. I tought that when my health bar came to an end, i would simply drop dead and have to restart, but i eventually found myself dragging my fallen comrade through a storm, while being affected by multiple mild afflictions, frostbite and bleeding. We finally crashed into a new shelter, where i gave him a shot of adrenaline to get him back on his feet. Those desperate moments were the most remarkable for me.A very enjoyable experience, but with room for improvements. I hope the devs release patches with overall polish. Here are a few suggestions:-The GUI for mind afflictions is way too big and covers a good portion of the screen, especially if you accumulare 2 or 3.-The ""Obsessive singing"" mind effect - although very enjoyable and unnerving - has a male recording for when it is a female singing as well. This was really immersion-breaking, and i do believe those female hushed chants would sound even more unnerving.-It would be nice having graphical options for turning off things like the permanent blue outlines, if we wanted to look around for ourselves, or at least have them showing up only when looked at directly, like when the power is off. All controllable via the options menu, of course.-Some minor translation issues. Nothing too serious, but i could detail some if you wanted.Hope to see more from the devs :) I'll play some more for today, might add more things here later."
76561197970967930,Not Recommended,635200,34559182,Posted: 28 August,all,A Pimpfo named Info,"A game mechanic should be designed to reward a player who does things right and make sure the player is aware when a misstake is comitted be that by punishment or simply design.Distrust does not do this, which is what causes me to pull away from it. My 1,8 hours is spent with one solid playthrough where I felt I did nothing wrong. I checked all buildings, looted all contents. There was no real challenge in doing this as long as I did not challenge the anomalies the wrong way.3 zones in, explored all buildings in each sector as before mentioned - I did not have to much trouble with food at this point since I had cooked at stations. But I ran out of medical supplies, finding little to none in every zone. A cut mixed with a poisioning took down one of my survivors. The suggestion that ""pills help"" doesn't matter much when the only pills you have avaliable are those you shape from snow.I do not mind RNG factors on loot in most games because their mechanics balance the loot so that you, as a player, can survive without items, find alternative solutions, etc. In Distrust, if you do not find it, tough luck and restart. I do not feel that the things I can do will affect my chances, outside of ""Do not stop long enough to freeze"" or ""Do not take longer than necessary."". This simply does not feel like a game to me, but I'm certain it has it's charm for some.The graphics were inviting and the madness setup, which I sampled at the end, was a very interesting element which I hope is 'forced' upon you in the late stages."
76561197999866270,Not Recommended,635200,34544442,Posted: 27 August,all,Wykstromius,"Why I issued a refund:The game has a wild lack of balance that puts you in no-win scenarios over and over.  I found that the most difficult part of the game is managing hunger, which depletes at an insane rate for everyone but the girl and turns the game from an interesting story driven adventure into an exercise in futility.That said, I think the game has great atmosphere and potential.  I'd love to give it a thumbs up but it goes beyond punishing into hitting you in the face.  At first I was hoping each area would have a safe zone to replenish but no, you just deteriorate from zone to zone, and in my experience you just keep running out of food.  Eventually, one of my characters fell over and starved, and before I could help him the girl fell over too.  It pretty much sums up how the game goes.Response to developer:  If satiation and stamina are set to drop more slowly (even as an option) and you add checkpoints to the zones where the players can refresh themselves I'll happily try it again."
,Recommended,635200,34482110,Posted: 25 August,all,Simon.cleric,"Pros:+ The game looks very nice+ Setting and atmosphere+ Many unlockable characters with different stats/passives+ Rather interesting story+ Developers communicate with playersCons:- RNG. It's probably unavoidable in survival games and it can ruin your runs- Not ""The Thing""- Story presentation could be better- Can only unlock characters on ""hard"" difficultyIn-depth:First thing first - let's address the elephant in the room. ""The Thing"" inspiration. I wouldn't say it's a lie, but it is a VERY loose inspiration. Yes, it's cold and yes there are aliens. But do not get into this game expecting to be betrayed by your party members or anything like that. It's not a game based on ""The Thing"", not a spin-off, not the same universe (probably). It's more about the same sense of inevitable disaster in harsh conditions.Now, with this out of the way, let's actually talk about the game itself. I think that if ""Project Zomboid"" and ""Tharsis"" had a baby - this would be it. Minus the zombies. It has survival elements of the first and atmosphere of the second.The resource and stat management is done very nicely. You have to manage your temperature and hunger, which is hard with limited food and wood, but what makes this game stand out from other survivals, in my opinion, is stamina management. To restore it you need to sleep. But every time you go to sleep an anomaly spawns. And they make your life either a bit harder or straight up hell if you don't know how to deal with them. And that's awesome. This management of ""should I rest, but see an enemy"" or ""should I push it a bit further"" is quite enjoyable.But of course, the levels and resources are randomly generated. So, while personally I haven't found myself in an impossible situation yet, it can be frustrating. The easiest example of RNG in this game is - you cut your finger while searching the shelves. You don't have bandages. You bleed to death. Will it happen? Not necessarily. But when it inevitably will... oh well...The other point I want to touch is graphics. This game looks beautiful. The light, the shadows, the animations, I love them. And I know this is stupid, but I even love the little animations on action icons. Like when your potatoes and they just jump on a pan or you poke an alien object with your finger... it's... kinda cute. The shadows are great and actually make sense, this game doesn't ignore fences for example and when you light your flashlight on it you can see every hole on the shadow. I know it may not be a big deal for many, but things like this do add enjoyment for me personally.I also liked character designs and the fact that portraits change based on character's condition/mental state.The story... is there. To be honest, I wish there was more of it. More little bits of lore along the way. The thing I enjoyed the most was the ending part, the last zone (no spoilers, don't worry). But prior to it there wasn't much about what happened. The way the story unfolds is very similar to ""Tharsis"", but Tharsis did it a little better in my opinion, putting little cutscenes between it's analogue of this game's zones. I wish this game had something similar, like if when you move from zone to zone you uncovered something new... There are notes here and there, but most of them were gameplay tips on how to deal with anomalies rather than lore.One last thing - you can only unlock characters and achievements (at least most of them) on ""hard"". So basically no reason to play on the easier difficulty. I'm a casual. I don't like being forced into difficulties I'm uncomfortable with.That said, this game's ""hard"" wasn't THAT hard to me. Although part of it was, admittedly, luck. Still, I wish I could play any difficulty to unlock any characters (don't care about achievements that much).Overall, I think it is a nice game. It could (and still can) be better in terms of story and RNG balancing, but even now, especially if you consider it's low price, it's a very enjoyable experience. Looks great, runs great and has great atmosphere. Will definitely replay a few more times to see different endings, but I liked what I got from it so far."
,Recommended,635200,34461835,Posted: 24 August,all,Raigeki,"Solid isometric survival game from Alawar. If you like Carpenter's The Thing, if you like tension and diving into atmosphere - you are definitely to try Distrust. Randomly generated worlds, where each action matters. Each team member can be suffering from mind-blowing madnesses that can change whole mechanic of the game. Many characters to unlock, plot twists, many challenges to deal with and very reasonable price. After 4.5 hrs gameplay, i like it. If you enjoyed ""This War of Mine"" you'll probably love this. I'd throw it in 7/10 for now..."
,Recommended,635200,34459862,Posted: 24 August,all,Claudius,"This has the makings of an awesome survival game with an amazing atmosphere, but is in my opinion held back by the gimmicky anomalies that require you to fulfill various tasks that you would never do in an actual survival situation - put off resting when you have light, heat, food, and may not have another chance for a while, just because the delta waves from your REM sleep attract alien beings; let your hard-won heat out to draw the ice anomaly inside, close the windows to melt it; draw the electric anomalies over traps to discharge them rather than trapping food, etc. In their defense, they were trying to come up with something to make sleeping less of a no-brainer and force hard choices on you. I can see how this might be fun for some people, and because it's well-made I suggest you try it out if this is your kind of thing, but personally I'd rather the game focus more on actual survival and less on aliens."
76561198015953187,Not Recommended,635200,35058342,Posted: 18 September,all,CryinHavoc,"Honestly, I would say the single worst part about this game is the enemies.  The mechanics are all there for a fun little game if it just had a different antagonist.  The game even does a pretty solid job setting up the atmosphere.  It's dark, it's cold, you're all alone, and the music and ambience make it sound like something spooky is afoot.  A couple of times, the ambience would play a noise that sounded like something moving around on the map or growling at me.  This would cause me to actually stop and look around the map a little bit because I was genuinely worried something was crawling around outside.  This, of course, was all before I went to sleep for the first time and realized that the enemies are nothing more than a floating basketball with some different textures for different types of enemies.  To call them anti-climatic would be an understatement.  These things are so underwhelming that I find myself just annoyed by their precense rather than scared or concerned that they are there.  Not only that, but these things don't randomly spawn.  You control their spawn by sleeping so it's not like you're constantly scared of their arrival since you know exactly when they'll show up.  This set up makes the game extremely repetitive despite it's randomized nature for every playthrough.1. Start game2. Loot and such until you have to sleep3. Sleep and spawn basketball aliens4. Deal with said aliens5. repeat steps 2-4 until you die or reach end gameI'm not saying they're super easy to defeat or anything so the game can still be challenging. But before I actually knew when the aliens showed up, I was actually scared that they were there the whole time and that they could be hiding behind each door.  I was sending people through a building one door at a time, ready to have them sprint away if something was inside.  I guess what I'm saying is that there's no tension.  At no point am I afriad to just walk into a building all alone.  At no point am I afraid that my survivors might get ambushed.   At no point am I afriad that I could be killed at any moment.  Even when I'm getting cornered and killed by an alien, it's just so anti-climatic and boring.  They just float up to you and... well that's it.  They just float up to you and you slowly lose health.I don't mean to say that the whole game is bad because I really do think it has all the right stuff to make it an entertaining game for the price.  I just feel that the antagonist of this game falls short.  And since the antagonist of this game is really the core concept, it hurts the entire game for me."
76561198022511491,Not Recommended,635200,34469089,Posted: 24 August,all,legocam96,"While I do enjoy the concept and most of what the game has to offer, I cannot recommend it at this state. The problem rests solely on all of the RNG. I tried to play three different times, even on the easier mode, with each time losing because of the item drops. This becomes a major problem when you cut yourself on picking up planks in the first room, or just digging out snow. The next ten to fifteen minutes afterwards are spent running from building to building, hoping for a bandage, but even the medical center did not have any. It had a first aid kit, but that does not even stop the bleeding. This is a major problem especially for people trying to get in to it. If the reason why I lost was based on skill or a little luck, I could accept that. But the first three games I played all played the same. Pick through something, Get injured, wait for one of my guys to die, and continue. It's a shame too, because I really enjoy this type of game. I hope that maybe they try to lessen the negative effects, or make it where there are other ways of fixing yourself.So long answer short, pretty fun game, but too much RNG to where you lose right off the bat from it."
,Recommended,635200,34588168,Posted: 29 August,all,Korogodin,"Unique mysterious atmosphere, beautiful graphic style, interesting tasks and unexpected solutions - it's all waiting for you in Distrust.If you love The Thing as much as I do - you will definitely like this game."
76561198114064917,Recommended,635200,34474558,Posted: 24 August,all,HealthBar,"I was motivated to write a simple review after clearing Adventure difficulty in 3 tries, and Trial difficulty in a single attempt.I enjoyed Invisible, Inc. back in 2016 ~ 2017, and this game caught my attention with isometric gameplay and similar art style.You control a survivor party usually consisted of 2~3, plan each survivor's pathing ahead, acquire supplies scattered around the Zone while constantly monitoring their conditions. Your planning should be based on increasing the efficiency; time is of the essence, you need to clear each Zone with minimal time taken.I liked the fresh stimulation this small game gave me; most games out there are about a human killing one another (combat). I have grown tired of it, especially terms like DPS, CC, AoE... Of course there is combat system in Distrust too, however it is very simple (point-to-shoot, that's literally it), and not the main focus of the game.Every single second a survivor is idle, their conditions become worse and the probability of survival decreases. This builds the game's tension and keeps me on my toes, but it could be also said that there is no resting pace for players, which may make them tired in mid-to-late Zone. I know there is a Pause function; there are little-to-no places where a player can play the game without anxiety.The game balance could benefit from some changes; any traits that protect a survivor's Warmth parameter (either directly or indirectly) have a big influence in later Zone, because of the decreasing free fuel for Furnaces and Generators in bulidings. Also, since enemies only spawn when a survivor sleeps for Stamina recovery, going for any advantages that restore Stamina give you a distinct edge in terms of time and supply conservation.Also there are some bugs.Occasionally you cannot procede the game's ending due to a door not being opened up (save and quit resolves this).You cannot fire a Gun against an enemy even though Line of SIght is secured and there is no obstacle that blocks your shot (which may be gamebreaking).Plus, the game's content is locked behind the highest difficulty which is questionable. Acquiring them is another problem, since the prerequisites require you to play suboptimally.But with all downsides considered, it is still definitely worth your 13 dollars. It is a survival game that has its unique aspects, and I very like it. I hope to see major improvements in the future."
76561198134136625,Recommended,635200,34596289,Posted: 29 August,all,Yelite,"I enjoyed this game a lot. Some complain about the RNG buti didnt mind it. that's what makes these types of games more fun.My first play through was pretty rough and fun. They give u two game modes, Adventure, which is pretty much easy mode, and Trial, which u get your achievements and can unlock new characers. My first run through i wewnt trial cuz why not. its actually not as difficult as others make it out to be, but i believe i got it after they updated and made it a bit easier, dont quote me on that. During my first run i died pretty much about level three. the first two stges are simple and the aliens are easier to deter. After a couple more trials and unlocking more characters it gets easier.Now im just trying to unlock all the available characters they have.Like another review stated its pretty much scavenge for items and survival needs and making sure u complete the quests so u can advance onto the next zone. theres a lot of time management and if u dont pay attention then ur explorers will die off.i liked the aspects of this game a lot but as of now the game was beat pretty fast with only three endings. For the price i got it for it was worth the time i spent on it. i spend more time too but im not sure yet.Also, it's quite repetitive if u want to keep doing it over and over so it might get tedious for some people but i didnt mind it one bit.It's bascially a The Sims: Arctic Survival Alien Edition and i actually like the sims a lot so maybe thats why i enjoyed this game so much.Personally i give it an 8/10 for the fun i had. they might make more changes so hopefully it gets more fun.i recommend watching playthroughs on youtube or something so u get to see what its like before buying it.i also recommend not expecting much when first playing it and just try to go into it with an open mind.Well... my first review...  i hope i did good and thanks for reading ^~^"
,Recommended,635200,34473492,Posted: 24 August,all,poutinemabouche,"Pretty decent resource management/survival game. There are glaring balancing issues that make the game unforgiving and RNG is stacked against you. Your characters' staminas levels are persistent as you progress from one level to another so  there's a chance that the next level doesn't provide you with a resource (for example, food or a bed to rest), it's game over.If you're familiar with Darkest Dungeon's ""Sanity Effects"" - this game also has a similar mechanic should your character's resource (sleep, hunger, warmth) drop that greatly affect the gameplay. Some interesting ones including causing your character's to become tone-deaf to damaged vision that makes it hard to navigate.Aside from the imbalance, the game itself is pretty good. It just needs to be tweaked so that there's still a chance of survival instead of your progression being halted due to RNG. The theme itself is well crafted. If you enjoy playing Lost in Blue/This War of mine, it's worth picking up this game."
,Recommended,635200,34503190,Posted: 26 August,all,SinByGames,"Excellent survival game. To keep from spoilers I will offer two things that are good and two things that are bad.Good:- It controls great, nothing weird going on here- You do feel like you are fighting to survive; managing meters and suchBad:- No real way to deal with the ""monsters' that do not completely mess with your ""meters"" for survival- So far that is the only problem :D"
76561198044081748,Recommended,635200,34484592,Posted: 25 August,all,Me So Horny,"Changing my review from negative to positive, as promised and only due to overcoming current issues in the game.The balance was somewhat changed indeed (managed to complete this 3 times in a challenge mode, yet 0 in a normal mode). Thank you for taking your time on working with all the negative reviews. Also, downvoting them does not really help anything, guys. Time resource should have been spent on paying more attention to aforementioned issues prior to release, instead of this.Please, fix the annoying bugs in the final Zone 6 and this will be a candy. All in all, good game."
,Recommended,635200,34750535,Posted: 4 September,all,Hauntshade,"I am really enjoying the art style of this game, combined with the music it creates an awesome atmosphere, despite me be very bad at this game :)After about 13 hours of play i still have not made it any further than area 4, i am finding it really hard, but i guess if you really like a challenge than this might be a game for you (or i just suck at this game) :)Still the game manages to draw me back in, it is always a suprise what you are going to find or not going to find, things seem to be going great one minute and the next minute everything is going downhill fast.There is definitely a bit of a learning curve to this game as it is very unforgiving, a mistake means game over in a lot of cases and that can be frustrating at times."
,Recommended,635200,34464515,Posted: 24 August,all,Honey Bunches of Oaks,"This game took me by surprise. It is well developed, thought out, and unique. It actually provides a challenge and keeps you on your toes to look for new strategies and make quick decisions. It's really enjoyable and fun to play. It really gives you a sense of accomplishment when you make it to the next zone."
76561197991751665,Recommended,635200,34455376,Posted: 24 August,all,I-Know-My-Rights!,"Great game, if you enjoyed This war of mine you'll probably like this. It has a bit of RNG to it, but it tests your will and resolve. Worth the low price. I'd throw it an 8/10"
,Recommended,635200,34476432,Posted: 25 August,all,[KK]Puff|)r@g0nZ,"Pretty good game for the price. It plays like x-com but with an interesting twist, instead of action points or turns, you rely on your warmth, sleep, and hunger to get you through the levels.I don't want to give any spoilers, but if you liked the movie ""The Thing"" and the game ""S.T.A.L.K.E.R"" then you will find the story well suited for you.The soundtrack consists of horror synth-wave, giving it that 80's vibe.All in all I like this game very much, and feel comfortable recommending it to anyone, especially those people who like spooky stuff and RTS."
76561198331307240,Recommended,635200,34542550,Posted: 27 August,all,niguiri,"So far i've only played in Challenge (it's like hard mode), and it's really damn hard. The game overall is pretty fun, it looks finished, unlike most survival games nowadays.The gameplay is basically the survivors going from building to building, while managing the resources they have (like deciding if it's worth to repair a furnace so you can warm up, or quickly salvage the place and leave).What makes the game really difficult is the enemies, they are extremely strong and usually are what kills the survivors.So basically, the game is fun, and since it's relatively cheap, it will probably be worth the purchase. But it's not amazing or anything, i think most people will hardly play past 50 hours, and never unlock all characters."
76561198005667708,Recommended,635200,34463057,Posted: 24 August,all,Hesmah,"If you don't mind replaying the same (randomly generated) content over again, there's plenty of fun to be had. I finished the game first time after 6 hours (On my third try) and will likely not keep playing it too much just to unlock more characters.It was enjoyable 6+ hours though, and at 10€ price I think it was good entertainment for its value. Saw no bugs, gameplay was smooth and animations were good."
,Recommended,635200,34466673,Posted: 24 August,all,Medic,"I've really enjoyed this game so far. It plays a lot like This War of Mine and in a way FTL (with zones), except there's a more direct sense of progression. You have to scavenge through zones to gather supplies to venture further, and it progressively gets harder. Unlockable characters with unique stats and perks, controls are intuitive and make sense, overall this is a great, well-polished game for a very modest price."
76561198317229481,Recommended,635200,34580510,Posted: 29 August,all,xdestroyar,now this game is really fun BUT i cant get past zone 1 because it keeps crashing.I hope you can fix this issue
76561198142450981,Recommended,635200,34457799,Posted: 24 August,all,$$_Fallen_$$,"Game is really good however im disappointed that ""the thing"" has been replaced with anomalies. It sort of takes the magic away. Also your survival depends too much on luck. Died due to not being able to progress to the next zone because had nothing to open doors(looted everything previously). Other than that its a solid title that is worth checking out."
76561198064414264,Recommended,635200,34486935,Posted: 25 August,all,Hopeless Situation Warrior,"8/10 cats distrust this review.Great game, 9/10.Initial impression, you can play this three ways.1) real-time, hectic, lots of madness2) pause, micromanage carefully supplies3) 1+2 if you're fastThe fact you can choose how you want to play it, and that micromanaging is both minimal in the amount needed, and fun, reminds me a lot of FTL. Everyone will likely be reminded somewhat of This War of Mine too, if TWOM was isometric instead of 2D.15 unlockable characters, 1 unlockable party slow, 4 endings, and each zone has possibility of one out of several different exit quests, means the replayability is there. There's also a few fun game mechanics to learn & master.Recommended, will add more to review later if I feel like it, and change rating to 10 if they add more features to extend the replayability farther.9/10, only because I compared it with FTL, which is Faster Than Eleven/10, and because the replayability is perhaps not nearly as high as FTL, but they weren't stingy with it either.Review update: 26/08/2017 balance patch made the game slightly easier."
76561198040349805,Recommended,635200,34502230,Posted: 26 August,all,hellblazer40k,An amazing nostalgic feeling of old horror movies mix up with modern survival gameplayrandom generated each time pulling you every time in to a new horror situationnothing but love for this game
76561198071683540,Recommended,635200,34554667,Posted: 28 August,all,insane,"Awesome indie game. I am surprised it was this age rating, in fact it does not have scenes of brutality."
76561198006890293,Recommended,635200,34538760,Posted: 27 August,all,The Wallachian Boyar,"Great game! ""This War of Mine"" meets ""The Thing""!"
,Recommended,635200,34462445,Posted: 24 August,all,Alu,"The ThingThe only reason why I was interested in this game was due to theme of The Thing, did it meet my expectations? yes and no, but firstly, is it good game? yes. Climatic? yes. so there you go I don't really like games like that (This War of Mine) yet I've enjoyed Distrust, now let's go back to The Thing part, I was hoping the game would have mutations and changing NPC's that we would have to run away from and treat them with flamethrower but who knows maybe in the future update? :) but it's fairly clear that the enviroment and dire athmosphere has been captured, so well done devs! looking forward to their future projects!"
,Recommended,635200,34764332,Posted: 5 September,all,tearfromthered,"One more indie survival rogue-like game you might thing ? Wel this one is among the best I've played in a long time.Imagine a mix between Xcom for the visuals and This War of mine for the survival / crew aspect. Add to that a random level /  objectives inspired by rogue-like and you get a really cool game. Not very hard to start but huge challenge to complete. There is even an easy mode (without most of the achievement) for the more casual players. Good replay values with new unlockable characters with perks and ""starter pack"". The game is even humble enough to hit the market at a really friendly prize."
76561197971556609,Recommended,635200,34630157,Posted: 31 August,all,MrBungle,"I didnt quite know what to expect when I purchased this game, but I am delighted.Slightly on the hard side, the game feels rewarding when you are granted those small victories.A thumbs up from me."
76561198313770912,Recommended,635200,34805894,Posted: 7 September,all,RWRR,Fast paced this war of mine
,Recommended,635200,34452634,Posted: 23 August,all,aus741,"Feels less like The Thing and more like This War of Mine but with an isometric view, does that mean it's bad, no. It still feels atmospherice in a way that nears that's reminiscent of the Thing, and the survival mechanics do feel fair but could use some rebalancing to avoid inevitable tight spots. It would also be nice if there more enemies than just the anomalies that only show up when your characters are sleeping, like other survivors that have gone crazy. Still, ultimately worth the purchase"
,Recommended,635200,34449936,Posted: 23 August,all,Chocobo,"This game is really good for the price. Good atmosphere. It's essentially just a 3d isometric version of the This War of Mine, but stuck in the cold. Has many cool and fun mechanics/gameplay mixed in too.I'd only play it on the hardest difficulty though.8/10EDIT:THE GAME LOCKS UP MY PC COMPLETELY AFTER 10 MINS OF GAMEPLAYIf the slow down and freeze issues get fixed I'll give it a 9/10If anyone needs help with the freezing, turning on v sync prolongs it from happening just enough so the game is playable. It also lets me save when the bug happens, so it's not horrible, just annoying."
76561198033885684,Recommended,635200,35265991,Posted: 28 September,all,BXX. BackPain,玩这个游戏不如看the thing，当然开发者还算蛮用心的。随机地图，这游戏到后面就很雷同和无聊，而且可以通过短时睡眠来不让怪物刷新...但是看在the thing的面子以及价格还合理的份上给个推荐。打折的话买来作为小品游戏确实可以
,Recommended,635200,35132944,Posted: 22 September,all,SwaggyBadger,"When I initially bought this game, I played for 1.4 hours, lost, and said the game wasn't great.  Three days ago I picked it up and played through an entire game (consiting of 5 procedurally more difficult zones and a sixth end game zone)It's now my favorite survival game.I'd say anyone who played this game for under 3 hours shouldn't giving it a review, bc honestly, it's got a learning curve.  If you don't pass that curve, you won't have a good time.  If you do, you'll apreciate the game.If you can't make it through all the zones, try harder.Only comments:Most insanity related debuffs don't actually change the difficult of the game, BUTdoubtful utility is a gamebreaking debuff.  shortly after acquiring it on one of my three survivors, my generator, furnace, and bed were broken.  I had two anomoly traps and no gun, so you can imagine what happened next.I'm either the most unlucky man, or doubtful utility debuff is a liiitle unfair.Other debuffs are balanced though C:(The small chance you get a zone without a kitchen is also game ending)Alltogether, the game is very fun (after you finish the 2-3 hour learning curve), and it's very replayable.  Each character has their strength and weaknesses, and the random generation of levels still has me seeing new things on my third game."
76561198018273766,Recommended,635200,34507086,Posted: 26 August,all,Deathmonkey361,"This game is the lord of all ""open ur♥♥♥♥♥♥for RNG jesus"" took me 5 goes on trial mode to finish and when I did get to the end zone it almost fuUuUcked me by not allowing the pan up to the helicopter to finish the game. The game looks good for what it is, it doesnt need fancy gfx or any of that nonsence and uses well what it works with. The game plays smooth no bugs apart from the end, worst part is the RNG this can make or break ur run with artifical differculty say u want to eat that nice meal u cooked it should say ""♥♥♥♥♥ckck you time to have this RNG event that makes the time u put into making that food for nothing + now u have food poisoning also RNG jesus has also said no pills so now ur totaly and uttuerly FUBAR"" So much artifical differculty because of RNG. The debuffs from not sleeping are just plain to make the game a misery, this is the first game ive taken my head set off by the sheer annoyyance that is the mainical laughter debuff which is just beautiful becuase no other game has made me feel like im going crazy in a game. The is goodish but needs a lot of balance to make it seem like ur not being brutialised by RNG. Also don't artic bases have an airlock feature, so that when the front door is broken the other rooms maintain their warmth? But at least the devs have made the game cheap for what it is and look like they care about the game so i will recommend it."
,Recommended,635200,34553501,Posted: 28 August,all,[HOT] Hermano,"I like this game,,i like the graphics  and the gameplay is good too.  Only found one bug but it was a minor thing. The Enemy could be better,,,could be a monster instead of a sphere. This game only has one problem,  Even in easy/normal Mode, once yu get to level 3 , you will die. The Character  will just get sick,cut them selfs or get paranoied and you will have no First aid kit to heal them.  Very Hard. but prety in graphics."
,Recommended,635200,34549063,Posted: 28 August,all,Allgood,"I've just started this game, but it seems quite nice if you enjoy games like This War of Mine. It's definitely harder than an average modern game, which is a plus in my opinion, and also tries to be like John Carpenter's The Thing in regards to visual aesthetics and atmosphere. I personally like this type of setting, so that's another plus for me. All in all, worth a buy imo."
,Not Recommended,635200,34768444,Posted: 5 September,all,Renesco,"I should have learned my lesson with Beholder. The game mechanics are interesting and the game is graphically polished (like beholder), but like beholder there's no variance. You MUST find the most efficient path to win to get anywhere. This game (and beholder) is a case of play it 5 times to find the most effecient path, then hope RNG favours you the 6th and 7th time you play it."
,Recommended,635200,34448405,Posted: 23 August,all,Lakahs,"Played less than an hour on the trial difficulty now, which is the hardest difficulty setting, and I must say I'm liking it so far. Don't get confused and think there will a monster like the one from ""The Thing""(that would have been awesome btw) or if there is I have yet to see it.The game is hard on you and you will notice that quickly, at least on trial difficulty.I've just entered zone 2 of 6 and 2 of the 3 my guys have less than 50hp left, damn cuts.Very good soundtrack, fits and emphasises the mood perfectly."
76561198041482511,Recommended,635200,34441567,Posted: 23 August,all,Bvlgari,Great atmosphere and great gameplay. Shadowrun + Lost Planet + *insert survival horror game* = Distrust.
,Recommended,635200,34451004,Posted: 23 August,all,Meow Zedong,"I've had a couple hours in game and so far it's been really fun, getting to area 4 without sleep can lead to some interesting and amusing situations along the way. I'm glad I got it on a whim and definitely recommend it."
76561198071944877,Recommended,635200,34505569,Posted: 26 August,all,Lucky13,"A great survival game that is fun, intense, and values the player's time."
76561198043254294,Not Recommended,635200,34469869,Posted: 24 August,all,The World is a Sandbox,"This is essentially an arcade game. Instead of the Tetris blocks moving your way, you're moving the map to get to spaces where you can collect rewards (in the form of bandages, wood, it doesn't really matter - you're constantly chasing some nut that let's you tick some longer). This game is devoid of anything else or any deeper meaning.The map is clunky (you're constantly confused where you are because all buildings look the same and North doesn't really seem to be North), and the obstacles thrown your way are completely arbitrary. So you cut yourself opening a door. Too bad, because you'll bleed to death in five minutes if you can't race through all the Tetric blocks to find the cache that holds a bandaid.Edit: Refunded. In acknowledgment of the developers efforts to respond to users' comments: this is not a bad game, and certainly not at the price point offered. It's just not a Strategy game, as which Steam advertises it and which put it into my queue. That set the wrong expectations."
,Not Recommended,635200,34498850,Posted: 26 August,all,请把我滴锅带回你滴家,"It's so difficult to survive in this game.I have played the game 1h,but now I feel only tired.You have to pay the most attention to your character,if not they will be freezing/bleeding/exhausting...the worst is being hunted.And soon they will die.IF you concentrate on the game so long,you will also feel tired."
76561198043848166,Not Recommended,635200,34465386,Posted: 24 August,all,Grigoreen,"What i loved about the game from the trailer is the visible amount of work and love the devs have put into the game. The artworks are great and base gameplay idea is good on paper but the gameplay itself is extremely repetitive and it becomes boring after first level play through.In my opinion making a manually built game would be a lot better than a random one with repetitive gameplay and motionless dialogues (or monologues), especially since your are comparing it with The Thing. Characters feel flat and arent much different from one another by their stats.Overall:+ Good artworks+ Atmospheric main menu- Short and annoying soundtrack- Repetitive gameplay- No innovationI wanted to like it but Its not fun. I am sorry for the bad review, hope you get less demanding gamers like me."
,Not Recommended,635200,34601721,Posted: 30 August,all,Vlad_Tech,"So, I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and as a result I feel this is the perfect time to write my negative review of this game.Ran into a game ruining bug(?) that caused oneo f my guys who was hallucinating to go into a coma and die, which he was 95% rested and about to remove this crap. Guess how long it took. 5 ♥♥♥♥ing minutes for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to slowly die. Meanwhile my other character is stuck as a hallucination and can't be sleected or move. So after I walked off, grabbeds omething to drink and had a short chat I came back to him almost dead. Once dead I was able to move my other character, who was stuck as hallucination and moved at a snails pace essentially making me unable to progress.Wait thats not all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this game has to offer!- This game has some of the worst survival meters I've seen in ANY video game.- These people eat more than any human should be physicly able and want to sleep all day.- ""Fighting"" anomalies in literally just waiting for them to die, trapping them is basicly not an option. and the oneanomaly trap in the game is a single use item against an enemy that can respawn.- The characters completely undefined out side of appearance, one is actually tposing.- Pathing in the game is trash. Often times I found my people stopping on the other side of a building that I told them togo into, and when selecting a floor behind a room with a locked door it prevents you from continuing.- The name Distrust is literally meaningless as characters have no interactions with each other.- Anomalies are lame and generic enemies that I'd expect from a bad phone game.- Also appart from the not bad graphics, this game feels like a bad phone game.So, rage dump aside.Does it have potential? Yes. Does it have replay value? Somewhat. Does it have a servicable story? Hell no. Would I reccomend it? No. If I was forced to give it a rating 3/10"
76561198019862767,Not Recommended,635200,34661044,Posted: 1 September,all,Twice Baked,"The anomalies make this game unenjoyable.I truly tried to like this game but when all you can do when an anomaly shows up is watch it kill you (or run away and watch it follow you (killing you) it is just not fun.The game is a blast until you have to sleep.As soon as you sleep anomalies show up (every time, no way to avoid it.)There is no way to fight them (you do get a handgun but the 1 or 2 bullets you get for it do NOT help.In short, avoid this game like it is an anomaly."
76561198042496731,Not Recommended,635200,34744081,Posted: 4 September,all,D'Squarious Green Jr.,"Good game idea, but executed poorly. My biggest complain is the number of glitches, some are small like not being able to click inventory/map or have a character stuck running into a wall trying to reach a location. Other glitches are game breaking. I had 2 runs ruined because the snow plow would glitch and put my character inside the fence and not allow other characters near; it wouldn't let me exit the zone with any character, so I had to watch everyone slowly die with nothing I could do. Restarting the game had no effect. It's fusterating putting hours into a run only to have the game say F.U. and make you restart the game."
76561198047539607,Recommended,635200,35134253,Posted: 22 September,all,Puctaman,"The game is pretty good, not the best but not bad.  I will not recommend it though because I am not eligible for their cruise since I don't live in Russia or USA."
,Not Recommended,635200,34448111,Posted: 23 August,all,CTRL+FU,"EDIT:After having played more of the game, I still stand by my original review. This game is just not fun and nonsensical.Although as with everything and to prevent more people from getting all butthurt, these are my opinions of this game that I've formed after I've played it. Your milage may vary. It makes sense that if you are considering this purchase to read multiple reviews and make your own decision. I don't feel like I should have to tell someone to be an informed consumer, but it seems I do.Much like I said before, the game is:1. Click to go somewhere2. Click on highlighted item3. Get items from said highlighted places4. Use items as necessary (food, gas, etc)5. Go to level gate6. Open it7. RepeatI guess it would be good to mention gameplay. It's similar to an RTS, insomuch as you have squads (meaning single people in this case) that you can't select both at once. So if you want them to go to the same place, then select #1, click where you want them to go, go back and select another player, go back and click on same area. But mostly it's as I said before, a sub-par top down version of This War of Mine with Darkest Dungeon status effects.Oh, and it might be a good idea to just head to the level gate first thing (since it's already marked on your map anyway, just like everything else) to see what kind of silly thing you need to do to open it. That'll save you time later. (get wire/cutters, turn on generators and so on.)One of the other things that detracts from this game is just... well... the game itself. Now, I've never been to an Arctic research base, but I have a feeling it wouldn't be spread over six huge fenced in areas where each has few buildings (that repeat in every ""level"".) It's just padded out with repitition. So you always have a kitchen, med bay, building with beds, etc. in each area.And don't get me started on beds. Ok, so this game has an issue where if you don't sleep/are very tired, you get the Darkest Dungeon status effects, and when you do sleep, purplish balls of light (that hate light, funny enough) will slowly come after you. Fine and dandy, but as sleep is such an important component of the *ahem*experience*ahem*, then why can't you sleep anywhere except the one building with a bed and sofa? When your character is telling you over and over, ""I'm soooo tired,"" why the heck can't you fall asleep in a chair? Or lay down on the floor in a warm room? Or fall asleep sitting against the wall? If you were tired, would you not consider sleeping in a plush living room chair, or on the floor if you were extremely tired? Not in this game. Your character will just constantly say how tired he is.Now, I do think I get what they were going for here, it's all just executed poorly. So many of the mechanics make little sense. I especially love when tools break. I've had the same pair of wirecutters for like 10 years and they're still going strong. You use wirecutters two or three times in this game and, ""oops, they broke."" Same with shovels and axes.And don't get me started on how you cut yourself when opening a freezer. Really? A swinging door (with a handle, no less) that people have used since they were two years old!As I said, that's the game in a nutshell. Maybe you like games like this, and that's all good and well. I've just tried to represent it as accurately as possible. I could go one, but my original reviedw is below, so...Original review:I should have just waited until there were more reviews. I saw ""Beholder"" and I groaned, as I didn't much care for it given stupid design choices, but then I saw ""The Thing"" and that it was random and I was intrigued. (Truth be told, the only reason I even know about this game is because I got a coupon today for owning Beholder).Let's just say that I should have trusted my instincts and ran when I saw ""Beholder."" Now, I didn't like Beholder much, but given the choice between the two, I'd take having to play Beholder for a whole day opposed to playing this for the 40 mins I did.Now to be fair, I've only played about 40 mins, but far as I can tell, this is the game in a nutshell: Take two people (at first, it seems you can later unlock three) and go to different buildings (mapped in advance) to click on things (which are all highlighted) to get some items to survive and unlock a gate to the next level. Oh yeah, and the people share their inventory, which is totally stupid. I can be across the map as one character, and pick up a tool or cook a meal, then immediately the other character has access to it? I had one of the male characters pick up wirecutters and some wire. Then the female character all the way at the level gate immediately use them to open it. Ummmm...This has nowhere near the depth or complexity as ""This War of Mine,"" which I've seen some compare it to. I have no idea how anyone thinks this is similar to Fallout 1/2. It reminds me of a light combination of TWoM and status effects from Darkest Dungeon. But all you'll really do is:1. Go to a building2. Click on highlighted things3. Get items4. Go to the level gate5. Open it6. RepeatSure, you get jackets, you can cook food and a few other things, but honestly it's just those steps above. Getting jackets/items and cooking are simply another option to click on.So in the end: It's not scary (unless floating balls of light freak you out.) It's not tense (unless Darkest Dungeon status effects freak you out) and it's not entirely engaging (unless your idea of engagement is to have everything highlighted for you to click, click and click again.) Just know this is not ""The Thing,"" and if you're expecting anything that tense or interesting, don't look here. It's got an ""arctic research base,"" that's about it. I mean, get the 2002 ""The Thing"" game from Black Label Games. It's old, but it's head and shoulders above this for atmosphere.I regret buying this. Really regret it. Even with the coupon on top of the discount, it wasn't worth it. I wish I'd have bought the other game (that I've played before and enjoy) instead. I bought both Beholder and now this game on their respective release days. I'll never make the mistake of buying another game from this dev/publisher ever again."
76561198074482153,Not Recommended,635200,34585293,Posted: 29 August,all,BennettDrill,"Was kind of boring, the question ""was da monster gonna be?"" couldn't hook me in for more than 5 minutes. Might get better later on, but I'm not prepared to soldier through such a mediocre start."
,Not Recommended,635200,34541064,Posted: 27 August,all,Wolfe Procter,"I wanted to enjoy this game, and honestly, the only thing I enjoy about it is the synthpop soundtrack.  The RTS style control is clumsy, trying to keep more than one person alive is stressful, and the game is so difficult it's depressing.  Also, too much RNG."
76561198056596594,Not Recommended,635200,34603465,Posted: 30 August,all,_JAVA_,"First: it's my personal opinion. And i love ALAWAR. My Mom also plays a lot of Alawar's ))))STEAM offered me 25% discount and i ended up somehow buying this game with 20% off (((((). Yes, it wasn't expencive. But still i do not think it is worth it's price.I enjoyed playing beholder. Played it till the end only once. During the second time i was bored...So after the ""special"" sale and commercial that it is from the creators of the Beholder or related to that game sort of... i bought it.I liked the idea, the introduction. But my eyes got tired very quickly. Although it may be because i set the brightness as the game recommended and played late at night. Not sure. But i can play much more comlicated games and this is the first game in 5 years that got my eyes hurt allmost instantly. Oh no, there was Evil Within with the same effect on my eyes.No problems with the gameplay. Each ""hero"" has to deal with 3 problem: hunger, tiredness, cold, - check health and find ""the way out"" to the next level. For the game of this level it is enough.My biggest issue was that you can't restart the game if your players die. The game saves your progress. You return, where you left the game. But if you die, you need to start from the beginning.WARNING, there may be SPOILERS: in my exact case one of the players bled out to death. I used 2 med kits (whitch do not stop bleeding dkw, although the are of 3 components and can be made only in 1 room at the map) and 2 shots of adrenalin and still he died of bleeding. It was just bad luck i couldn't find clean bandages 2 levels. Unlucky object respawn and i need to play all over again. Too complicated for Alawar game and for ""easy"" mode. It is supposed to be fun, entertaining and relaxing. If i am not tired and have free time i'd rather play L4D2 or anything else next time.Left with the strange feeling: this is a game for girls. I played on ""easy"" level and couldn't walk through 3 levels. Wanted to play more but then get riminded that i need to start from the very beginning. It is the 21 century. People invented savings and checkpoints. Pity..."
,Not Recommended,635200,34724662,Posted: 3 September,all,chomerly,"I figured i would give this a go as it looked interesting.  It very much has a constant theme of the film The Thing and that was enough to get me to have a go at it. Graphically it looks fine.  I'm up for playing these types of games even if some don't regard the graphics as outstanding.  but that is where the fun ends.This game is so unforgiving it is ridiculous.  The rates of needing to eat is just borderline stupid.  It makes no sense that a human being can reach starvation so quickly, even after consuming a decent amount of food just a few minutes earlier.  It's so crushing in fact that it is more likely to kill you than being outside in the arctic for any meaningful length of time.  And the same canbe said, to a degree, for needing to sleep.  I can understand that you would lose a great deal of energy being in such environments but needing to sleep everytime you need to recover energy is just stupid.  Why not just rest on a chair?I couldn't recommend this game but if the developers sorted out the nonsense of energy and starvation rates then it might be one i could recommend.  Until then i will say that, even though i have a little more than 2.5 hours on it (because the game isn't that big), i will just leave it alone.My rating for this would be a 5/10.  Purely because of the issue mentioned above.  If it wasn't for those then i would give it a 7.5 - 8/10."
76561197961554116,Recommended,635200,34442395,Posted: 23 August,all,Xrossover,Distrust is very well made for price being offered on Steam.I would recommend this game for anyone looking for tactical challenges while dealing with unexplained factors!
,Not Recommended,635200,35097956,Posted: 20 September,all,Leo,"Tedious and repetitive, kinda disappointing when comparing to their other two games."
76561198007943699,Not Recommended,635200,34538327,Posted: 27 August,all,Simulated Hobo,Too much RNG. At least come out and admit it. Sometimes you just can't win no reason to be shady about it.
76561198000088094,Not Recommended,635200,34449037,Posted: 23 August,all,GOObER,Only played first level and lost interest.Cons:- Very limited strategy options- Punishing to try and keep charcters fed and warm and enough sleep- Boring graphics- Boring gameplayPros:- The setting similar to The Thing Movie
76561198072562375,Recommended,635200,34440803,Posted: 23 August,all,Hi5pls,Really fun :D
76561197960934791,Not Recommended,635200,34445316,Posted: 23 August,all,127Tom,"I think the other early reviews here are a bit biased.Maybe from the devs or people who were hyped?I just discovered this game today and I find it quite boring.And I don't like how the game plays or looks;Firstly you have all these outlines around your characters and things you can interact with.This might be handy, but it makes exploring boring; you know excactly where you can search for loot.It also takes away the immersion. I was hoping for a more realistic look like Fallout 1 or 2.I would also like to have more control of my character than just clicking where he needs to go.This would have made combat more fun.I give the game a 2 / 5 stars rating."
,Not Recommended,635200,34448183,Posted: 23 August,all,I love plants,really boring
76561198013462546,Not Recommended,635200,34530674,Posted: 27 August,all,7thsojurn,"ADD-ON, ""REVIEW CHANGE DO TOO LEVEL SETTINGS ON EASY IS FIXED THANK YOU""BELOW IS THE ISSUE FOUND DURNING GAME PLAY TO SHOW THIS COMPANY HEARS OUR ISSUE AN ADDRESS THEM.  THANK YOU..............""WHAT A GOOD IDEA"", BUT LACK OF GAME TESTING DESTORYS THIS GAME:This game reminds me of a movie made back in the late 90's actor Kris Kristofferson what a movie, oldie but goodie.sorry for bad review: i did make it pass the first area after,i Played this eight or more times in a row to die in the first area on easy this game has poor map layout items, way to hard.. I'm sick of these sites showing off their games on (you tube) that it is not that hard getting help from the game company just to sale a game why can they just make a game easy that we can plaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.i like the game i just would like it a little easier to play on easy level settings in the first area an maybe get harder as you go just a little harder.. I'm sure if the gamers want a harder level they can just play in a harder setting.There's all kinds of wood items and other objects that would be nice to be able to use to make it easier but they are just props, what's up with that..Thank you for your quick response to my issue, try it in trial mode to see if i can improve my game play.(ADD-ON)After playing this game for a little bit of time I feel I can give this a review it is somewhat heard but game play is done very well and it looks awesome. I had to replay over and over too many times to keep count, no big deal it was quick an each time I had discovered a way to do it better i still only got to the 2nd area but now i am able to survive for a lot longer an in much better health statues. It is very challenging yet fun, with the elements of long dark but way more fun. ""BUT""!!!!!!!!!!!""STILL IN ALL"", I hate the setting of this game it is still way to hard on easy difficulty settings.Please just for the basic players, add more items to make it easier for us to play.Thank you in advance for hearing our issue's or at lease some of us that want to have fun and play longer.And to developers response to my issue this will teach some one how to play not how to over come issue lacking in setting difficulty level on easy.. (Thank you still the same, but i want to play longer not over and over.)I think if your going to have a Trial mode is would deal on only the ""tough situations"" , like creature issue, flash light , or making items to open end doors and not a baby version of how to get items or the basic things you deal with more like weather situation or the stutues health issue.If this is the way you deal with a gamers issue don't post a respones to a mode that clearly don't deal with our complaints.  Thank you but we want to play a game an have fun.  what part of game setting issue did you not understand.  I posted the issue clearly above and you post some kind of game play mode that is no differnt than the other how is this going to make it any easier they are pertty much the same game play.  If your not going to fix an issue that clearly posted above just say so.I'm a big boy i can just chalk it up as another bad sale and uninstalle the game from my computer like so many other games in my library.FINAL REVIEW: The game is just to diffulcult to play and as the developer  response to my issue was that you could enjoy a game repeating it over and over, ""what"" ; like that's what we want from a game like notttttttttttttttttt.  Sorry i want a good balanced fun game with a good story but not so hard that replay is the way to go to learn how to play.  Yet this is untrue it throws diffiern't situations that lead to your death that leads you to replaying it all.  What happen to safe house that save all your work at the end point of an area..  No one's going to like this game for long.LIKE I SAID BAD GAME SET FEATURES AND SAVE POINTS DESTROY THIS GAME.."
76561198094475204,Not Recommended,635200,35282753,Posted: 28 September,all,Hodor <2,ok i tryed to love this game i really did..iv all redy change this review 3 times lol.. giving this game more chances.. but no more!this game could be alot fun.. at times it can be but.. its so stupid most the time..u will have to do a task.. but u cant.. u have to do this task first.. but u cant do that ether.. as u need to do another task and all the doors are locked and windows are broken and u dont have a toolkit.. and your not sure where to find one or where to find a work bench.. all this crap takes too long to do and u die XD and u have to restart alot becase of this.. how is that even fair or fun XDif u like dieing alot....! and restarting alot..! then u will love this game but as for me im unistalling this crap and then geting steam to remove it completely from my games list lol im done XD
