user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,635250,34116896,Posted: 8 August,all,MrZeebub,"It looks a lot like DMC + Metroid. The reality is that the controls are way too klunky to be compare to DMC. The progression is completely linear, so it can't compare to Metroid. Also the story doesn't make any sense because the translation is terrible. And the voice acting is about as bottom of the barrel as it gets. After a shopkeep that sounded like Yoda tried to sell me a book that didn't make any sense, I realized my laughter at the ridiculousness of the situation was the first true joy I had gotten from the game since I sat down, and applied for a refund."
,Recommended,635250,34197720,Posted: 12 August,all,Atmey,"Decent Metroidvania, maybe one of the best of 2.5D, although not so many of that.Cons:- Bad voice acting.- Many NPCs/talking, related to the point above, with needlessly simple conversation.- Horrible HUD and menues, all over the place, jumps up and down when scrolling through.- Too many items, most of them useless, don't know if you can sell/get rid of them, didn't reach that point yet, also the dissassble function is confusing, it is more like downgrade and recycle used materials.- Confusing skill tree, why not simple tables like borderlands, also semi linear, forcing you to unlock moves you don't need to access the ones you want.- Some clunky animations- The world looks nice, but environment collisions and some platforms could be better.- Lost potentional for some enemies interaction (animation wise).Pos:- A metroidvania- Graphics are decent, although I don't like the worn out look, no AA which looks horrible.- The fights are satisfying, the basic attacks and dodge feels great, although tripping enemies is not, as they turn invisible while down.- Both melee and ranged (named remote for some reason) feels useful and somewhat balanced."
76561198139614545,Recommended,635250,34115109,Posted: 8 August,all,Wonderpill,"Well... The game is on sale, the day after release... Should mean lots of people pick it up.  Problem is, Hellblade also launched today...Well... I am a huge fan of this Genre... being ""metroid-vania"" if that's how they are classifying this.I don't feel like it is much of a Metroidvania game.  Aside from your starting area having a ship crashed into the ground, and being a chick in a suit, I don't feel the Metroid influence.  I don't really see the Castlevania influence much either.  Combined, they both offer something truly amazing... this game misses both the mark on the gunplay, and the swordplay.Graphically, it looks pretty dang great.  But the optimization is horrible.  This game should be running 1080p 60fps on most systems.  On my system, similar games like Strider, and Shadow Complex, run silky smooth... This game is hitting 25 fps at Lower resolution, and the more I play the game, the worse it seems to run.At its core, the game could be fun, if it stopped holding your hand so much, and the enemies had some sort of reasonable health.  Instead you spend 30 seconds killing a small mob that eats almost all your health.Dodging, does not work well.  Insta-death during exploration is common.  Skill tree expansion is not great.  Voice acting seems to be done by the same person for all characters, by someone with a cleft palette and a cracked front tooth.I can understand that this is an indie budget game, and that there had to be some point where the game actually released.  My opinion, is that there should have been someone from outside the group, that had an unbiased opinion about how polished the game is.As of now, I still recommend the game, because it is certainly decent, but if they do not decide to clean it up, I would recommend playing something else..."
,Recommended,635250,34540353,Posted: 27 August,all,緑-Greelune󠀡󠀡󠀡,"Simple and funFor a 17$ game, it lives up to it's name, it's not exactly a metroidvania, but who cares. The game is fun, animations are solid, story is not that bad and it makes you keep playing to get those sweet upgrades for your character.Pros:Combat is niceStory OKSolid animationsGraphics for a ''metroidvania'' are pretty goodMaps/level design is OKAttetion to detail of your suroundings is really goodCons:Literally ''Made in China'', huge amount of grammatical errorsVoices are poorly implemented, the MC seems like an un-emotional personSome skills are kind of OP *cough* shotgun stun *cough* *cough*Don't know what to play? Want a cheap and fun game? Evil Genome is a solid choice.8/10"
76561197994806254,Recommended,635250,34152978,Posted: 10 August,all,haider.ismail,"Surprisingly good for the price.  Superb control  during combat. The options for combat really open up once you level up and choose the skills that match your play style.Just bear through the story and concentrate on the gameplay. Most game story is♥♥♥♥♥♥anyway, so the story in this game does not bother me. The gameplay more than make up for it.Highly recommended, The game is really good."
,Recommended,635250,34133181,Posted: 9 August,all,Ragna,"A good but not great game 6/10.Pros:Very good combat , skills are great , nice tech tree,fun boss battles, OK PS3 era graphics.You can see that people put hard work on the game.CONs:Bad grammar , bad hit detection a few times,cliche story ,Terrible voice acting(maybe the worst in the last 10 years)Some FPS dropsAtrocious: no fast travel between save points like EVERY metroidvania game should have"
76561198047275961,Recommended,635250,34170307,Posted: 11 August,all,sajet1,"Nice atmosphere, skill and loot system with upgrades, likeable main character. Solid stage design. More such games."
76561198028089033,Recommended,635250,34137040,Posted: 9 August,all,Turre!,AWESOME GAME!English Voices are not really good...but the movement and overall game are pretty good!
,Recommended,635250,34303408,Posted: 17 August,all,FlameFrozen,"Great game, but I feel my CPU is burning!!!!"
,Recommended,635250,34146790,Posted: 10 August,all,Doge-Spielen,"A good Metroidvania game. Somehow got the Megaman vibe for the futuristic yet deserted world setting.The character customization is decent. The basic armor, weapon and a few accessories. And when you change the weapon, it'll be visually different, and you can get costumes as well.This game has a nice combat system, which is somewhat fast-paced and at times can be unforgiving, mostly because a ""stocked"" dodge mechanics so you can't spam it.A quick slot for an restorative item, and 4 quick slots for skills, with a large enough choices on the skill tree.One of the problems with the combat system I have is when there's a ""limited-space"" encounter with enemies, and somehow they strayed further away off the screen.The story is...quiet nice. Those common ""amnesia"" stuff. And it'll be more enjoyable if the translation is done more thoroughly. Because sometimes, the english conversation just doesn't make sense. So for all of you guys who is really into story and stuff like that, go easy on this game. It's not perfect, but it has its charm.Pros:-Great combat mechanics-Decent customization-Beautifull environment. Seriously though.-Unique enemies that'll punish the hell out of you.-Not much grinding needed.-Achievements!Cons:-The translation and the voice overs. A bit clunky and ""soulless"". This should be the homework for the devs!-No fast travel. Backtracking more than 1 area will take so much time..-The loading times. At times it loads really slow. This makes backtracking areas more painful. Probably some more optimization and tweaks needed.-Not really a con, but this game has a rather sharp learning curve. Careful not to rage.I'd give a 7.5/10."
,Recommended,635250,34388923,Posted: 20 August,all,HOLYONE,a great side scroller action game
,Recommended,635250,34184205,Posted: 11 August,all,dcrockerjr,"aug 12, 2017it's too crashy and unoptimized to recommend yet... otoh the dev is actively working on it at the time of this review and if improved could be a decent addition to the all too scarce metriodvanias out there.if you have money to spare and like metoridvanias you might gamble on this and hope it keeps improving, dev seems nice and caring so I hope they will stick with it;but if you only have a handful of games and a tight budget you'll need to go for something else that works today,"
,Recommended,635250,34205049,Posted: 12 August,all,Megaman Zero88,"Can honestly say as my first ever review on steam, you guys deserve to have this honor. I love the game so far as far as the gameplay and graphics go. I'm definitely looking forward to seeing what other tagonists I'm gonna bump into. I wanted something new to play and I got it with this game. Keep at it guys!"
76561198078797083,Not Recommended,635250,34426481,Posted: 22 August,all,Gigaknot,"Looks - OkMusic - Title Screen sounded good.Story - no ideaVoice Acting - comicalControl - Game breakingFun - Probably, but not with a keyboardController detection on this game is terrible, which is kind of ironic since I use a Sony PS4 controller.  Microsoft controller drivers, DS4 windows, and Pinnacle Game Profiler couldn't solve this crap, and that's kinda surprising because those 3 fix most issues.  Hell, Marvel Heroes Omega ruined a lot of what made their game fun, but at least they understood the importance of controller compatability.4/10"
,Recommended,635250,34165940,Posted: 11 August,all,craizedwayz,The voice acting is worse than Resident Evil 1. But this game it awesome!
,Recommended,635250,34175971,Posted: 11 August,all,[NTG_Chief]-Limm~,Pretty fun game to play.nice characters. combat is ok.hope dev update something good in future.
76561197967421097,Not Recommended,635250,34115910,Posted: 8 August,all,40ozGuzzler,"Story is the crappy amnesia cliche.Controls are okay but not the best; layout is confusing on a controller and required getting used to.Gameplay seems fun yet annoying where you need to constantly dodge/leep pass these poison spore things.Load times are bad. Probably contributed to a third of my playtime.Encountered a few minor glitches in my limited gameplay but nothing breaking.I would have kept the game despite all of it if it wasn't for the skill, equipment UI being so bad. On top of the poor and confusing layout, the window and font size are so small that I have to strain my eyes to the point where it hurts just to look at it. I got the game as a casual couch game playing at 1080p on a 50"" TV.  The window didn't scale to size and caused severe eye strain."
76561198019968959,Not Recommended,635250,34171182,Posted: 11 August,all,office_ninja,This game is incredibly buggy.
76561198137047967,Recommended,635250,34114420,Posted: 8 August,all,Zero #VX,"Xbox1 controller wouldnt work, character kept walking to the left.not downvoting as for all i know this is exactly what the game was going for. Literally couldnt pick up the first item on the ground."
76561197999332287,Not Recommended,635250,34206463,Posted: 12 August,all,Krawn the Destroyer,"""metroidvania""EDIT: actual review since dev commented:Art:-I really liked how the game looks. The artstyle and how the animations look are solid and it's one of the better looking 2.5d games I've seen which is why I decided to give it a try. The sound track wasn't too notable but no complaints there either.-The biggest problem was the english voice acting. The translations aren't even the problem with it (despite being terrible). My biggest complaint is how every voice seems so out of place with Lachesis being the only exception. The Intelligent globe sounded really awkward and every character in the cave and first town sounded like they were just some random people you found and told to read some lines. They lacked character, enthusiasm, and was so off putting I was actually considering changing to chinese to avoid it (ended up quitting the game instead)Gameplay:-The way the character moves is a little clunky but overall wasnt too bad. I prefer fluidity in games when transitioning from attacking to moving. When trying to jump and attack or just try to move around while shooting there are brief pause between each animation you could see and feel. nothing too bad but might consider looking into in future games.-My favorite part for the brief time I had with the game was the level up customization options in the game. It added a cool layer of freedom on how you could progress through the game and actually made me pretty excited on the possibilities it could open up through movement, attacks, and overall builds but was cut short by the real problem I had with it-The biggest problem and why I put ""metroidvania"" is the game holds your hand and you have a set path the entire time. None of the paths you encounter branch out to any other areas. It was so linear I felt like I was just progressing through a cutscene not actually exploring anything. The reason I prefer metroivania games over most genres is the freedom you get exploring the world the game creates for you. I never got that from the game and it felt so boring that all the cool customization and movement mechanics seemed like they were for nothing.I only played it for a brief moment (~1 hour) so take that into consideration but that wasn't enough to hold my attention and showed some flaws I couldn't get past. If it does eventually get better exploration wise having an hour long linear ""intro"" is way more than I could handle5/10 would not recommend"
76561197966734976,Recommended,635250,34139542,Posted: 9 August,all,Xephim,"Overall, this has been a reasonably amusing metroidvania game.  Some of the translations are a bit off, but nothing too off putting, although I have noticed that at least one item has an untranslated menu that comes up while attempting to change it out.  Still, it's nothing that's game breaking or too disruptive."
,Recommended,635250,34133095,Posted: 9 August,all,Ulithium_Dragon,"While my overall experience with this game has been more positive than negative, I feel that I should list the things I liked about the game, as well as the things I despised:Pros:- The battle system if very well designed. I personally suck at combo attack fighting games, but I had no problems with this one. The issue that most games like this usually have is that in the heat of battle most people forget all of the fancy attacks they have access too and just start button mashing, but I did not have that problem (much) with this game. I never found myself not using an attack pattern or ability that I unlocked, as they are all very well designed to be useful for different situations.- The character animations are well made, and the visuals are ""pretty"". I'm not sure why the game needed to be in 3D, but at least I never had any problems with being able to see visually what was going on (no particle spam overload or anything like that).Cons (Combat):- The game is very unfair. Not challenging: unfair. It seems to just expect you to chug health potions, since there is no way to avoid most attacks (not completely), especially in multi-attacker encounters. Quite a few enemies use hitscan guns that cannot be dodges except by the roll mechanic (which has a limited number of uses in a row).- Enemies attack in impossible to predict patterns. All enemies from bosses to the smallest bugs have many different attack patterns, and while this means that their AI is generally good and challenging, too many of their attacks are impossible to predict the first time you see them. This seems to be the kind of game were ""skill"" needs to be built: you are going to get hit by enemy attacks that you have never seen before.- Knockdowns. There is almost no ""temparary invulnerability"" after being struck, and you can find youself in situations a lot where you've been stunned or knocked to the ground and are forced to just sit there and wait while all of the enemies score free hits on you.- Encounters. Occationally (and usually without warning) the game will lock you into an unescapable encounter, 2D-fighter style. Your only option here is to beat all of the enemies. While this would normally work ""fine"", the encounter zones are all very broken, and enemies often go ""off screen"" where you cannot see or hit them and continue to attack you.- Dodging is the main mechanic of this game's combat, and it is at times a bit... broken. The time window to dodge an attack is so small that you sometimes would need to have started to dodge before the attack was even initialized. Some bosses also seem to ignore your dodge and hit you anyways.- Bosses. All bosses work in the 2D-fighter style of locking you into a single-screen that cannot scroll, but most of them are just prolonged invulnerability sequences with TINY windows of time where you can actually damage them. In most cases, bosses move to the ""background"" when they cannot be hurt, but as this is a 3D game, it's very hard to tell when they are ""out of bounds"", or can be attacked.Cons (General):- Despite the claims of being a ""Metroidvainia"" style game, the game itself is quite linear, and has a nastly habit of locking you out of maps during arbitraty points in the story it doesn't give any indication of, causing many of the side quests to be impossible to finish.- Exploration is limited; you won't find much if you do choose to explore, only chests with some RNG spawned random loot that is usually of not use.- The writing. I know this is a Chinese-Translated game, but even accounting for the laughably terrible translation (I swear they must have just machine translated this game), I cannot see how the writing could be anything but abismal even before it was translated. It feels like everyone has the IQ of a dented shovel with a smiley face drawn on it, and have no concept of what is the bleedingly obvious. The dialog feels mechanical and stiff; the kind of thing that would never take place IRL.- This is one of the worst translated games I've ever seen. Like nearly on ""All your base are belong to us!"" levels of terrible. I could generally guess at what they ment to say/mean, but not always, and they often use an incorrect, but very similarly spelled word in places, making sentances incomprehensible unless you guess what word them meant to use. And to make matters worse, some quests are in the style of ""riddles"", which are VERY VERY hard to figure out if the descriptions are unclear.- The voice acting. MY GOD it's bad. It also baffles me as to why the developers would pay for English voice actors if they weren't going to get an ACTUAL translator...- As a ""2.5D"" game, the environments are obviously all in 3D, but the movement path is static 2D. Too often I found myself trying to jump onto/fell off of a ledge that was supposed to be ""background"", and was very visually hard to differentiate.- The equipmmet system was not well designed. I think I was 20+ hours into the game before I found an armor piece that was better than my starting gear, and enemies continue to do more damage as you get further along."
,Recommended,635250,34143921,Posted: 10 August,all,Lurak,"Decent platformer rpg/beatem up. It doesnt really feel like a metroidvania besides the fact it's a side scrolling platformer, not much side exploring or secrets that i've seen. The game shows it's non english roots as the dialog/voice acting is incredibly poor, I personally found it so bad that I enjoyed listening to it as it made me laugh. There is no mouse support for this game and I would not reccomend playing it without a gamepad."
,Recommended,635250,34314242,Posted: 17 August,all,Sabatour100,its a fun game but still needs to be optimized. game does alot of slow downs here and there ruining and delaying button commands
