user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,638160,34282265,Posted: 16 August,all,🔰⎛⎝Kundentelefon⎠⎞,"GameplayYou go out and catch Monster Girls with different types (likePokemon). To do so, you rip off their clothes and show them your affection (not so likePokemon).Instead of throwing Pokeballs and hammer button A for placebo you take your PSVita vertically, place your thumb on the screen and your fingers on the rear touchpad and stroke it fast up and down to catch them.Note:I haven't tried this method with my PC tower, yet, but I do exercise on a daily basis with something bigger ;-)While you fight you build up desire which can be released on specific girls to boost them infight. This desire meter builds up, when a Monster Girl uses charm on you. But be careful, if the tension reaches the climax peak you will automatically explode and release everything over all your monster girls and you will suffer a few minutes of cooldown to build up your tension again.LikePokemonevery Monster Girl is categorized into specific types, called ""Moe Traits"". For example a Masochist has decreased damage or a Lolita has advantages with Tiny Titts in the group, etc. Those traits are also important when you build up your relationship with them for your Monster Girl harem.StoryYou are Io, an everyday typical teenage boy with a normal problem every young teenage boy has to suffer; He can't talk to girls because everytime he does, he sees the girl in front of him as an object of sexual desire and can't stop thinking about perverted stuff which f*cks up even the smallest attempt of a normal conversation. Luckily, there is the Monster Girl Lilia who totally doesn't resemble an oversexualized underage girl because of her feather ears so he can talk normally to her.Suddenly Monster Girls start to rampage the neighbouring towns and the mayor wants you to investigate. Why he wants you? Because you are a""useless human being""who has no worth and no one in town would care if you die. Quite the harsh words, but you know it's true, so you to do it anyways.Sound70 unique moan voice packs for each Monster Girl (it sh!t Sakura Clicker!). Also, they worked quite efficiently and used adult voice actress so they can reuse Japanese lines like“it’s filling me up”or“it gets all sticky on my face”in fights. No, I don’t speak Japanese, but those phrases sound quite familiar ...GraphicsA wide variety of art for everyone.Enjoyment9/10 A bit too prude and should be more open about the beauty of the female body.Another Masterpiece from Compile Heart to embrace modern feminism and show that even girls can be everything they want and don't have to care about the suppressive white male patriarchy supremacist dominated society to enjoy their own body to the fullest.Edit: If you want to know which reactions I have to suffer having this game in my library - Look at this video (it's the same as they saw me playing Nekopara)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIDjMDRe_ts"
76561198017534488,Recommended,638160,34297355,Posted: 16 August,all,Ⅲ,"Pros5 person party allows for lots of tactics and strategy in battleGreat ArtworkA huge roster of recruitable characters (pokemon in dungeon crawler form)'Doki doki' mode :)Well over a hundred hours of gameplay to do all there is available.ConsForgettable music for the most partCan get a little repetitve when you find a winning strategy (some enemies will make you adjust though)It isn't the superior Moero CrystalVerdictFor the price anyone that has even a little interest should pick it up. And maybe IFI will localize Moero Crystal, until then, this game will provide hours of enjoyment."
,Recommended,638160,34554348,Posted: 28 August,all,BlackDragon,"*clears throat* *straightens tie* Right then. Scene 1, Take 2. My previous review was invalidated by a surprise patch, and subsequent playtesting has confirmed that it does, indeed, work as advertised. So, time for a Re-Review!It's a great game! Well, if you like anime-style games and softcore pornography, anyway, and if not, what are you doing here in the first place? :P I could've wished for the monster-girls to be a bit more monster, and a bit less girl - closer to the designs in the ever-popular 'Daily Life with Monster GIrls' anime - but the 'Kemonomimi' looks are cute too. The use of a 'save-point' system, just like in the bad old days, detracts some points too - I've rather gotten used to save-anywhere, and/or auto-saving, in recent years... and while the first couple of dungeons have a decent number of save-points scattered around them, they start to get real stingy, real fast. But to be fair, it DOES add a certain sense of pressure and tension, as you fight your way through encounter after encounter, wearing yourself and your team out and desperately hoping to find the sanctuary of a save-point around the next corner, through the next door...But enough of my random grousing. The game IS good, and quite recommendable. The artwork is beautiful, the combat-system and character progression is surprisingly well-balanced, and the story is... actually pretty deep and clever! I mean, this game, at a glance, looks like the kind of thing I'd have jokingly 'invented' in High School - a classic Dungeon-Crawler RPG, only ridiculously oversexed! You lead a team of hot chicks clad in various variations on the theme of bikinis, lingerie and fetish-wear, and fight mobs of perverted monsters (personal favorite: The Condom-Golem! Who knew that safe sex could be so dangerous?) on a quest to save the world by... finding a sacred pair of panties, I guess? So you'd think the actual storytelling would be pretty thin - an excuse-plot held together with parody and cheap laughs.Instead, it's got everything you'd expect from a Triple-A JRPG. Twists, mysterious antagonists with enigmatic connections to your characters, underlying philosophical themes... and also parody and cheap laughs. (And a few expensive laughs to boot!) And despite being set in a fantasy-world populated with sexy monster-girls, it still manages to adress real-world issues. Like making you ask yourself, why is it considered bad to be lusty? To have strong desires? Why is being a 'pervert' a bad thing? And seeing as you can't really change who you are regardless, is REPRESSING such desires really any better?(Seriously, this is actually quite interesting stuff, and heavily tied up in religion. Ancient religions were often very sex-positive, viewing it as a civilizing or even divine thing - the ecstacy brings you closer to the gods. Look up the ancient Mesopotamian religion, particularly the worship of the creator-deity Ishtar. They literally believed that the various kinky and perverted practices we've invented are part of what makes us human, since it sets us apart from the animals' simple 'mate to procreate' drive. Something to celebrate and enjoy, not hide and be ashamed of...)Ahem. TL:DR - it's a great game, and has all the softcore pornography and sexual suggestiveness you'd expect, along with all the interesting themes and well-balanced gameplay you WOULDN'T expect. Check it out, and try to keep an open mind!"
76561198027646188,Recommended,638160,34741604,Posted: 4 September,all,ItsMillatime,"First, I've played this game into the post game on the vita, so don't trust the hours played on here.Second, this is well worth a purchase if the crashing is truly fixed.  The ""mixed"" reviews were because the port was broken at first.  Don't always blindly follow steam review ratings.This is a very good ecchi dungeon crawler.  The only one I've played that was actually better than this was Dungeon Travelers 2.  If you don't have a vita, buy this if you're interested in the dungeon crawler genre/ecchi games.  If you do have a vita, go play DT2, because that game is THE ecchi dungeon crawler.Anyway this game is good, but a little easy for the most part.  My only complaint is that the enemies aren't mostly monster girls, because that's what kind of makes this niche genre good.  You're not playing these games for wholesome reasons...."
76561198020575563,Recommended,638160,34299027,Posted: 16 August,all,BBQBaconBurger,Its like Legend of Grimrock but instead of killing monsters you molest and strip monster girls to make them join your party.11/10 would rip the pantsu off a catgirl.
76561198160868511,Recommended,638160,34948941,Posted: 14 September,all,Strayed Lynx,"This game is a true masterpiece,the art is fenomenal,the battle system is incredibly solid and a lot of fun,also it's longevity is out of this world,it will probably take you 100 hours to go see everything it has to offer.Also it should be noted that the version of the game that's here on Steam is 100% uncensored.Lastly while the control bugs that were somewhat marring this game have all been fixed with patches,granting you the best possible experience.I raccomanded this game to everyone,it's just too good."
,Not Recommended,638160,34429778,Posted: 22 August,all,RAID Noir - Mining or Idling,"The game is a dungeon crawler. Closest example would be Etirian Odyssey from DS where the MAP is 2d and you do not see the character walk in 3rd person or top view.Story is typical Harem plot via monster girls but it is funny enough for me to be entertained sadly...Gameplay controls suck big time.  Seperating between mouse and controller issues below(Controller)Map movement is not even handled by the analog stick.Rubbing (main part of gameplay) is tedious and sometimes feel unrewarding when out of nowhere you ""accidentally"" did the perfect rub or touch the perfect areaMouse controlsThere is no highlight function via mouse over. Hard to tell what you are actually clicking during battle. This is quite a hassle specially when clicking trough skills and items in a list or when attacking ceratin body parts of enemies.In rubbing mode, I cannot seem to switch from controller to mouse which should be easier via mouse(accurate)When the game is shallow in plot the other redeeming feature should at least be its gameplay. Graphics wise is simple and cannot be improved much from Vita but they butchered the controls making the Capture\Pokemon parts of the game  ruined . Majority of the game(First 2 hours) I have spent dungeon crawling and a huge portion of that is batlles that are repetitive with a slight reprieve between usual skits between the characters.The only Pros for me is that it is- Mining friendly- Story is lighthearted and nonsensical. (This is a con if you want to play something that has decent story)- VAs are GreatIll wait it out a bit if they fix the controls before refunding"
,Recommended,638160,34748144,Posted: 4 September,all,Heim Rada,"Crashing is fixed now, filter by positive and look for complaints there instead."
,Recommended,638160,34314725,Posted: 17 August,all,Mr Funny Guy,"A very basic first person dungeon crawler with monster girl catching, and lewd stuff on the side.It's very fun, but has a few problems. I shouldn't even call them problems, but more of things you will have to get used to. Firstly I want to say that the game ran perfectly for me. Out of the 10hrs I've played so far I haven't had any crashes, glitches, or anything of the sort. Also I never played the Vita version, so no comparisons from me. Just a review of the game itself.-StoryNothing special here really. The protagonist Io is useless (I'm not bashing Io they literally send him out for this reason) so they send him on a quest to stop the monster girls from rampaging. He goes with his childhood friend (who is a monster girl) on the quest while recruiting the girls he rescue in his party. Pretty basic story so I have nothing to say about it.-CapturingThe way to capture the monster girls is to strike their weak points, and then play a rubbing mini-game (or more like tapping button mini-game for us controller users). The game throws a bunch of information at you about it, so it was hard to remember everything. When I first played I couldn't remember how to do anything except tap, but eventually learned them all after a few hours. Then I became a pro monster catcher. So it may be annoying at first, but you'll get used to it.-CombatYou have a basic attack, special attacks, and the main character buffing/using items on the side. Pretty simple. The combat is very fast paced in the beginning, being able to take down every monster with a normal attack. You can pretty much press the auto button and watch your party do the rest. Later in the game the monsters become WAY more difficult. No more auto for you, unless you want a fast death in the game. I was really happy with the difficulty increase because I was getting bored of autoing through the game.My only problem with the combat was that I felt like Io is very awkwardly placed. What I mean by that is that you'll be casting spells and using abilities with your party. Your really focused on your girls HP/SP, planning what they'll do next, and what the enemies are doing next. Then Io pops up to throw an item or stock his energy to buff. It just breaks it up and I felt like he really didn't need to be there. Maybe it won't be a problem for anyone else, but I didn't enjoy him being there for combat.-Monster Girls (Party Members)I think the greatest part about the game is how every girl has a bunch of jobs they can do. So there is no ""best team or party."" You can just pick your favorite girls and play through the game. I'd only recommend that you at least keep a healer of course. I've even seen some playthroughs of people using the girls in the first dungeon. They all have interesting designs so have fun with mixing your party up. The girls also have traits about them, each with their own passive. I can't remember off the top of my head, but they are really cool. Like if you put a Leader trait with a Clumsy trait, you'll get an increase in HP. Just another fun way to mix up parties.-Dungeon CrawlingFirst person view with encountering enemies during exploration. My only problem with the dungeon crawling was the encounter rate. It's really ridiculous. I remember fighting a battle, taking one step, then another battle happened. Then I took another step and it's an ambush. Then 3 more steps and another battle. I couldn't get any chance to breathe sometimes. I got very annoyed with this so I cut back on exploring. I just went for the goal after the 4th dungeon. Which I really hated to do since I really wanted to collect items, and explore every inch of the maps.-FinalI recommend this game if you want a first person dungeon crawler with monster girls in it. It's very lewd of course, so there's that to enjoy too. A lot of the things I complained about are more personal. Maybe you'll play the game and have no problems with the encounter rate, or Io's involvement in combat? You can see for yourself if you try it out."
,Recommended,638160,34309812,Posted: 17 August,all,Pinkeh,"ShortIt's like playing pokemon.Except all the monsters are animal girls. As you battle more animal girls, you level up the ones in your party. You can also do things with them... just like pokemon.LongBasically you are exploring dungeons to level up your monster girls and capture new ones that you meet along the way. The monster girls either have to be defeated in battle or have their clothing removed to trigger a timed mini game. When you succeed with the mini game, you'll then make friends with that monster girl.Once you have a bunch of moe girls you can then manage them in town. Everything from affection, to apperance, skills and gear.Not a big fan of the wimpy male protagonist. The dialogue can also be underwhelming.Using an xbox360 controller instead of the mouse/kb. The cursor acceleration is a bit weird with the controller but you'll get used to it."
76561198010405907,Not Recommended,638160,34369032,Posted: 20 August,all,teekay15,"The game is good but there are far too many bugs here; at least once per dungeon I get  stuck on a loading screen (especially when going up or down floors) or the game freezes and I have to start again, considering this is an already successful Vita game that has been brought over to STEAM I think this is pretty ridiculous. Losing an hours progress is a very quick way to dampen my mood especially if I just got back from work and want to de-stress. Fix it and the review changes."
76561198156762049,Recommended,638160,34304594,Posted: 17 August,all,Cereb,"A lot cuter then i thought it would be. If you know compile heart games you will know the tone of this game. It has the rubbing game of monster monpiece and is a monster girl (pokemon) dungeon crawler. Some of the set story monster girls get a lot more screen time then the wild ones, but even the wild ones have several scenes as you progress your intimacy with them.I think what suprised me the most was the indepth monster girl customization. You find panty outfits which functionaly change the monster girls job, 4 jobs for each monster girl roughly equating to tank, physical dps, spell dps, support. About the only negative thing i feel regarding the outfits is that almost every outfit but their starting one is a pair of skimpy decorative panties. I wish there were more indepth outfits instead of simply 1 core outfit +3 varations of swimsuit/panties.Pros-pokemon with monster girls-50 monster girls-4 jobs for each monster girl-cute interactions with each monster girl-fully voice acted-seems like several dozen hours of content-moe moe moeCons-very limited animations-each outfit past the first for each monster girl is simply a different design of wearing panties and a bra-main character is rather boring and clichely shy/hesitant-heavy on color swaps for monsters instead of new designs for monstersPreferential-Lots of grinding-dungeons are not randomly generated-Has a main character instead of designing it so ""you"" are the main character"
,Recommended,638160,34675092,Posted: 1 September,all,ShadowDeathBlade93,"I've been waiting for this game to come out for pc a long time cause I've been researching this game & PS Vita port counter-part it's an interesting game, but I might do a Let's Play of this eventually."
,Not Recommended,638160,34342074,Posted: 18 August,all,Taohuay,"Until you fix the problem of game freezing during load screen or change floor, I will give you ""NEGATIVE"". It's really annoyed that you have to play the same thing again and again because this issue.Fix it and I will fix my recomment too"
,Not Recommended,638160,34320689,Posted: 17 August,all,Izanami,"I really hate writing a review like this, because I really do like the influx of Japanese games making their way on steam, but this really is a shoddy port job. The vita controls were ported very poorly, many of the settings don't work properly, and even with my 40 minutes of playtime I haven't even had a chance to really try the game, just troubleshooting.Right now I can't recommend this game, hopefully it will be patched, and I will rebuy it then, and I really want to support these releases on steam, but right now this is not a very good port at all."
,Recommended,638160,34359441,Posted: 19 August,all,ZelosZalis,"Now that the crashing between floors is fixed I can give a actual review on this.Overall the game is not bad, its basically Sakura Dungeon if it had a larger budget. With beautiful visual and overall fun characters, the game isn't the worst thing in the world I've played. The combat system is not bad and theres plenty of party members to recruit all with their own scenes and personalities.To me, oddly enough, the biggest downsides were its story and its advertised lewdness. Normally I have no problem with the lewd, but this one felt massively out of place, maybe its cause of the writing that also felt like it lost something in translation but it just didn't really do it for me.Which also brings us to the ""story"" which is pretty generic but also has a bit about the main character in the opening fighting and being ashamed of having perverted thoughts, then proceedes to do massively lewd things through the game after that with no shame or mentioning of controling himself to the degree of the opening. maybe this gets touched upon more later in the story but it really felt like a pointless avenue to me.If you can get past the god awful writing theres a fun dungeon crawler here, overall theres more good than bad here so I reccomend it. also biggest protip I'll give, turn off the main characters shout when using desire, or you will go ♥♥♥♥ing insane."
76561198094611445,Recommended,638160,34568564,Posted: 28 August,all,Jeebals,"Ok first off this game is great for me,but most people not me though have this game crash alot.It has crashed on me once but it was because some of my software wanted me to update it and it crashed it.The game is and cute but it can get repetitive. If you aren't sure that this game will crash every few minutes for for you don't get it wait for updates."
76561198089411504,Recommended,638160,34509323,Posted: 26 August,all,Archaelon,"This game gave me a new fetish: banging on walls to hear girls moaning.Would wall bang again 10/10Now, the more serious part.The game has its ups and downs.Pros:- cute girls, there's like every type of girl for everybody- the dungeons are well made, I like the design- combat system is simple and easy to understand- fully voice acting...and a lot of cute moaning :PCons:- crashes, many many crashes, I have to save often just to be sure I won't lose progress because the game will crash or freeze on me- dungeon monsters are pretty tough and requires a lot of grinding to beat them, bosses are way easier to defeat compared to the regular monsters, seems kind of unbalanced?Overall I love the game, if you're into anime, you like cute girls and you like RPGs/dungeon crawlers, give it a try."
,Not Recommended,638160,34426597,Posted: 22 August,all,Remilnelia™,"Edit:A RECENT UPDATE HAS MADE THE GAME PLAYABLE.In light of this event, I will play through the game and then edit the review again, once I feel i've made enough progress to offer a concise opinion on this game. For now, feel free to continue reading my original review, and feel free to upvote, downvote, or ignore it.ORIGINAL REVIEW(Subject to change)After a week of non-stop grinding on Monster Hunter, I was ready to change paces and tame monsters instead.This game should just be called ""Bug Chronicles"" because not only do the control settings not save unless you go into the controls folder in the steam files and edit them yourself, the game is prone to crashing anytime it wants, if it feels like it. In its current state, this game is practically unplayable, and all those people who strongarm their way through this bug-laden game are the true heroes. That, or they somehow have a computer that runs it 100% fine-- no crashes whatsoever.It's a shame, really, considering I love dungeon crawlers and monster girls.But well, the fact that this does not run well(if at all) just means I have more time to play Monster Hunter and kill non-moefied beasties.If these errors could be fixed(and in a timely manner), i'd gladly change my review and recommendation to a positive one... for what it's worth."
76561198035230266,Not Recommended,638160,34314466,Posted: 17 August,all,Bladewind,"TLDR: this does not qualify as a PC Port.  It is a vita game with a partially functional PC emulator...  RPG Maker games have better controls than this.   They might as well put it back on NA/EU Vita instead of making a PC port.I picked this up as I enjoyed Dungeon Travelers 2 on the Vita...While this maybe a PC port in name, it does not properly support keyboard and mouse usage.  Keybinds for the keyboard are locked down and unchangeable.  The devs simply map the vita controls on the keyboard... there are 3 sets of direction buttons alone... 1 for the keypad and 2 for the sticks...  All the controls button are in the most awkward of positions.Mouse is not fully supported either, and you cannot click thru dialogue with your mouse.  Mouse only work for clicking on shop's button and a few less functional things."
,Recommended,638160,34390321,Posted: 21 August,all,Purplefin Neptuna,"After 50 hours of wall banging and intense rubbing for mongirl moans, finally i can recommend this game.Yeah, after finishing this game with some buggy run, now i can review the full game.Beware of little spoiler-StoryYou are Io, normal boy who always messed up when talking with girl (which isn't normal), but there is Lilia, your childhood friend, and you can talk to her easily because her ears. Everything look normal until an old man drove you out from your hometown and forbid you to come back before saving the world. Luckily Lilia wants to join you, and now it's your time to save world.twice-GameplayThis game is like another normal dungeon-crawler-type games, exploring dungeon in every area, defeat any H-monster in your way, and finally try to get ""Dark Historical Monster Musume"" to your side by someintense rubbing. The early-game is very easy, even on the hardest difficulty, but after finishing normal playthrough, the enemy is suddenly become hard, they have some roles now, from high-DEF monsters which have ability to boost enemies ATK/DEF, to high-ATK monsters which can deliver a devastating blow to one of your party or even whole party. From now the auto attack feature is useless, and strategy is become useful, until you reach the end of last area and get the ultimateweaponpantsu, and the game is become easier but not easy.Game's tutorial is not very helpful, many things left unexplained, like buff and debuff.-SoundThis game have the best collection of girl's moans, followed by very repetitive bgm and stacking sound effects. Hearing all the girl's voices is good, but the problem is, some action will ended if only the sound already ended and you can't skip the sound (if you can, the sound will stacked), one of them is when you're giving gift to your girls, you can't skip the action until the girl stop talking, which is normal until you gaive gifts to one girl (Mattari), she talk very very slow, and you need 40 times to get full intimacy.-GraphicsWho doesn't know Japanese ""Moe"" arts?MonGirl's art is good for every fetishes, from top to bottom. And you have cute monster as your enemies, until you realize that's not cute, because the monster resembling your holy parts and some holy toys.-ControlSucks, not keyboard friendly, and even can't save the decide button.-BugsGame is buggy, changing floors can trigger the bug, which lead to crash, and not all floor has save area, and it'll make you to re-explore the dungeon again and again. 6 Hours of my playtime is wasted because bugs.-Steam AchievementVery grindy and need a lot of time.-SummaryThis game is great for wasting your time and fulfill your desire."
76561197965949373,Recommended,638160,34337844,Posted: 18 August,all,スydonia,"If you know me in real life, please don't ever bring this up."
76561198013779216,Recommended,638160,34912778,Posted: 12 September,all,DD,"this is the legedary ""WIZRDRY""'s grand-grand-children type RPG.If you are an ordinary professional gamer, i don't recommned this game.But if you are an elite HENTAI-gentleman and never hesitate to spend hours of endless battles seeking just one rare underware for your favorite girl, i strongly recommend this^-^i don't have PS-VITA, so i'm happy playing formerly PS-VITA-ONLY games with PC."
,Not Recommended,638160,34434296,Posted: 23 August,all,MandrewDaMandarian,"In all honesty, I was really enjoying this until I got to the last two areas of the game, then the constant crashing made this absolutely unplayable. It's ridiculous to spend an hour or two clearing a floor, and then have the game implode on itself.I have the Vita version of this and the crashing wasn't a problem, so it must just be a bad port. If a few patches can fix the slow-down, terrible clipping, tabbing out weirdness, and crashing, I might recommend it and change my opinion.Not right now though... Be wary when buying this, as it's a mess."
76561198138564746,Not Recommended,638160,34536511,Posted: 27 August,all,elonashooter,"As someone that's studied computer science and worked with a large, undocumented and bug ridden code base I can assure you that porting code is not nearly as trivial as most people think. It's not as simple as just copy and pasting code in a text file. In the case of a game like this, entire sections of sourcecode will need to be rewritten.Having said that, this is a truly awful port. Evidently it was designed for PS Vita, and used the touch screen, meaning it doesn't translate to other control schemes easily. With enough brain wracking and effort, the controls could be adjusted to work with mouse and keyboard and gamepad.They did not take that time with this one.The controls are wonky right from the beginning, and inexcusably so. The gamepad controls don't even make sense, the left analog stick is only used for menu shortcuts, while the dpad is used to navigate. The A button is used to back out or cancel, while the B button is used to confirm or advance; this is the exact opposite of almost every game. There's absolutely no reason for them to be switched either and those are the only two buttons you aren't allowed to remap.The touchscreen minigame used to ""capture"" the girls is attrociously bad with controller, while there are four methods of touch, instead of just mapping them to separate buttons they mapped three to the X button and one to the right analog stick. There's no ♥♥♥♥ing reason for these controls, they're just arbitrarily assigned in what seems utter laziness.If you go with a mouse, the touch screen game is playable, but menu navigation requires a million clicks all over the screen.I didn't run into any techincal issues but for ♥♥♥♥'s sake the controls are terrible due to sheer laziness. There are some very obvious and simple solutions to the issues that just weren't implemented. Heck if they used hybrid controls so that you could use the gamepad to navigate and the mouse for the minigame it probably would be fine, but only one works at a time, and the controller detection doesn't seem to work mid game.I'm returning it."
76561198178578729,Recommended,638160,34851070,Posted: 9 September,all,Nexus,after patch...10/10 (  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,638160,34846685,Posted: 9 September,all,DaveTheBarbarian,"Do you want to rub some waifus? - buy this.Do you want to catch some pokemons (waifus)? - buy this.Do you like the games these developers make? - buy this.Now getting serious about some complaints that others give:Controls:They are not a problem if you config them the right way, it can be troublesome to move around the menu, but not annoying enough to stop playing it for a dumb reason.Music:The music is pretty good, but as some say, it restarts in SOME menus, not all, but it can be disappointing they haven't fixed this.Crashes:You know the main reason people usually gets a lotta crashes, its because of their PCs or Windows, but for me, i have played it for 4+ hours and so far so good.Gameplay:It's the first time i've played a game like this from these developers, it's actually cool how you move all around the map and reveal it by every move you make to get important items.It's the first time i've made a review like this, if its useful for some, im happy, and if its not well i gave it my best try <3Edit:Looks like i got my first crash, but not in a specific place or action, just random, after 14 hours and it had to be after capturing a monster girl >.>"
,Recommended,638160,34339820,Posted: 18 August,all,Shoebill,"The game is a basic Dungeon Crawler where you ""capture"" monster girls to fight alongside youPros:+ Cute monster girls+ You can date the monster girls+ Good Dungeon Crawler mechanics+ You can STRIP the monster girls+ You can RUB the monster girlsCons:- Keyboard and Mouse controls are terrible- Frame rate drops- Really,do NOT play with Keyboard and Mouse,not even the rub part- No nude mod (yet)- Annoying main characterThe game is good, but the port isn't.If you can get over that fact, it's a fun Dungeon Crawler RPG with collectable monster girlsAND If you want a hentai Dungeon Crawler, I suggest getting Sakura Dungeon or Demon Master Chris."
76561198398861157,Not Recommended,638160,34452220,Posted: 23 August,all,roadragemotors,"game crashes alot, very poor port"
,Recommended,638160,34306068,Posted: 17 August,all,Kelanor,"Not the greatest dungeon crawler for sure, but it's not entirely horrible. It's a shameless passion i would say. You walk into it knowing you're looking for more than just a dungeon crawler, otherwise you would've gone to another title.That aside, it has a large roster of characters, has a fairly fast paced turn based combat system, has menu options to speed up/skip/automate dialog, and some unique mechanics you wouldn't normally see in a dungeon crawler.Piece of advice though: The game is very weeb, you will need headphones and a fairly private monitor. (unless you live alone) Otherwise be prepared to be chastised."
,Recommended,638160,34391910,Posted: 21 August,all,Slain087,"If you're a fan of monster girls and dungeon exploration RPGs like Operation Abyss, Etrian Odyssey, Sakura Dungeon, and Dungeon Travelers 2, you'll probably enjoy this. If you dislike metric tons of innuendo (blatant and subtle) or weak male leads, this probably isn't for you.Also: Try not to play this on a laptop unless you have a controller or external mouse. You will eventually regret it."
,Recommended,638160,34797884,Posted: 7 September,all,Azvelka,Finished the game 100%. I recommend you to play on EXPERT right off the bat.+Nice Art+Wide selection of Monster Girls+Good Combat-Boring Story7.5/10
76561198008900137,Recommended,638160,34284682,Posted: 16 August,all,Tank179,"Fun dungeon crawler with alot of cute girls.  Not a ton more to it than that but at the price its worth it.  I do have a few complaints though.  For some reason on the xbox controller it has B as select and A as cancel / go back.  You can change this in the settings settings but after 5 min or so it will revert back to defaults.  While it does say this I just want everyone to be aware that is japanese voices with an english interface, would love to see a future english dub dlc/patch.  Lastly one of the reasons I bought this was because it is an adult game.  I would have liked to have seen a few more adult scesnes as well as an opitional uncensored patch.  All that being said so far its been a fun, relaxing game."
76561198043589131,Not Recommended,638160,34464891,Posted: 24 August,all,Strangertoyourlife,"I really loved the idea of this game. I even bought the Deluxe pack for it. The story seemed intresting, the characters were good and made me laugh. But those are the only good points about my experience with the game (refunded at two hours of playing).The controls are the main issue, unless you have an xbox 360 controller you will find this game nearly impossible to play as the support is terriable and the controls are not avaliable to remap. There are options to in the options menu but from reasearch and my own experience they do not work. I used my 360 controller and the controls were really confusing. Esecialy the ""rub"" sections that were really difficult thanks to it trying to simulate touch screen for the PS vita.Fights can also be put into ""auto"" mode where your party will attack automatically and you can speed combat up. This really ruined the game as you could sit there holding one button and not have to think about combat at all.I really wanted to love this game but was really disapointed in the port."
76561198025686484,Recommended,638160,34341194,Posted: 18 August,all,eudys47,"Just wanted to help other players minimize some of the annoyances from my experience playing the game briefly. First of all, I play with a Xbox One controller but the confirm and cancel button are reversed. This can easily be changed in the settings menu at the bottom of the controller config menu. The problem is this resets back to default everytime you start the game up. While it's not that hard setting it back it's pretty annoying having to do so every time. Please fix this stupid error Idea Factory!Second, if you're playing the game expecting moe monster girls and rubbing mini games, you're going to get that, but every time you use the ""Store"" command for the protagonist you're going to get his stupid face onscreen as well as a loud angsty battle cry. Simply hit the LB button to turn off his awful animation and annoying cry, then go back to pretending he doesn't exist at all.Third, if you start the game and notice strange borders on the top and bottom of the screen, just go to the video options menu and select full screen to get rid of them. Yea, it defaults to windowed mode for some reason.Finally, I just want to mention the dungeon music restarts after every battle, which are quite frequent. The music isn't exactly epic but it is annoying to hear the first few notes over and over again everytime after every battle. Please fix this IF!I've played the game for about an hour and had the game crash on me twice as well.The legacy of less than stellar pc ports of console and handheld games continues here, but the game does what it does decently enough. You've got a basic grindy dungeon crawler with very simple mechanics that get the job done. Don't go in expecting Etrian Odyssey and you'll be ok. You spend the majority of your time battling silly looking trash mobs with the occasional monster girl you can recruit with a ""rubbing"" mini game. The tutorial instructions were clearly written for the PS Vita's touch screen as opposed to a computer monitor. While somehwat confusing at first it's simple enough once you get the hang of it. The price is decent as well, so I'm giving it a recommendation despite its glaring flaws at the moment. With some updates I hope that can turn into a highly recommended title (for the target audience at least, you know who you are)."
76561198021903868,Recommended,638160,34313468,Posted: 17 August,all,sythiel,"If you don't love dungeon crawlers, you probably shouldn't bother with this one. There isn't much in the way of substance, and the game tries to make up for this with ample amounts of fanservice.With that said, the game does not take itself seriously. There are several instances of the game making fun of itself, as well as the characters doing the same. The humor provided by these instances makes it more than worthwhile.I personally enjoy dungeon crawls and am more than accustomed to not having extravagant animations during battle or really anywhere else. However, the character portraits are animated during cutscenes, at least to the degree of a higher-quality visual novel. The game is nice to look at (to say nothing of the lewd scenes), which is always a nice treat in a dungeon crawler.The music is nothing to write home about, and sometimes even grating. The voice acting is well done however (though bear in mind it is in Japanese), and the VAs adequately portray their characters in any given situation.Definitely not a game to pick up for thrilling or engaging story, or cutting-edge gameplay, but for the price, it's a great dose of humor and dungeon-crawl/fanservice fun."
,Recommended,638160,34370940,Posted: 20 August,all,Caster,"One of the best dungeon crawling games of this style i've played recently, the style is reminiscent of bunny black (without you being the bad guy and without grid based combat) I personally haven't had any graphical issues but the game did crash during one of the monster girl fights, it seems like an isolated incident however. Overall i'd give this game a solid 9.5 out of 10 it really exceeded my expectations however it seems to have issues with certain graphics cards etc.But lets be real you came here for moe-s*** monster girls, and this game d*** well delivers."
76561197996085041,Recommended,638160,34324043,Posted: 18 August,all,Edward Elric,"2 updates and people are slowly changing their reviews, overall it is a good game ad getting the fixes it needs, it had a very buggy release. Dungeon crawler, Pokemon, and Anime chicks mixed together. The grind hits late game right before the end, and the true ending similar to Agarest War."
76561198033423440,Not Recommended,638160,34404550,Posted: 21 August,all,N3xus1980(GER),"First of all i don´t hate the game i ll think it has its merrits BUT it is a very mediocre dungeon crawler without any battle animation whatsoever even when batteling the ""Monster Girls"" and the normal enemies are just generig roadbumps for grinding EP and ""rub points"".Speaking of ""rubbing"" my biggest issue with the game ist the lack of control diversity you can NOT switch between Gamepad and mousecontrol like in other games for example Neptunia, and rebinding the keyboard controls is tedious at best (who came up with the default sceme is beond me)So , you have to ether use the worst keybord/mouse controls i´ve ever seen or use a gamepad and there lies the issue.The so called ""rubbing game"" is a major selling point of the whole game and to play it with the gamepad you have to aim !precisley! at body parts of the defeated girls to charm them while using the buttons to ether poke pinch them ,the right analoge is used for rubbing the body part.And here lies the problem to nearly complete in the given time limit you have to flail the analog sticks around over the screen while mashing the buttons in hope that you hit the right spot in order to make it in time ... wow what fun ...The game is, as a PS Vita Port, clearly designed with a touch screen in mind and if you only could switch to mouse control for the ""rubbing game"" i would recommed it"
,Recommended,638160,34377754,Posted: 20 August,all,Damager,This is my type of game. I love the game that is romance and fighting. I love itAlso I will keep playing this game till end.
,Recommended,638160,34365689,Posted: 19 August,all,Tw1tch_LegendaryMantis7,"Game runs fine. Had only 1 crash out of 3 hours. Bumping Scratch mode works fine on controller if you're not an idiot.Story is decent. ""Pokemon"" aspects are there but I'm not sure how man Monster Girls you can capture.7/10 it's a solid dungeon crawler. Get it while it's still 30%."
76561198281710061,Recommended,638160,34439752,Posted: 23 August,all,Ethel ネープ,The reason why i buy this gameFANSERVICE end.
,Recommended,638160,35093385,Posted: 20 September,all,Luna,10\10 BEST GAME EWUR
76561198059604743,Not Recommended,638160,34362185,Posted: 19 August,all,Siray,This game had so much potential to be good.  Bumping Scratch is nearly impossible with a controller.  Try to switch to keyboard and mouse mode to do Bumping Scratch and sure you can do that part then.  But then the keyboard controls are incoherant and randomly placed in areas that make no sense.  IMO this game would be amazing on the original system.  But this is a bad port with really odd controls.
76561198312006865,Not Recommended,638160,34431395,Posted: 22 August,all,Bad Reaction to Simochi,A solid dungeon crawler except for one teensy tiny problem. Crashes resulting in a great deal of lost progress. These crashes aren't even rare. They often happen when you transition between floors but even then it can crash while you're walking around the dungeon with zero warning. Just crashes to desktop. I can count the times I voluntarily quit the game on one hand. With the space between save points its just not acceptable. You're forced to go back to town for fear of the game screwing you over and I bet theres even a chance it will crash when you load into town. Will this ever get fixed? Probably not. Maybe one day I'll pick this up again when I feel like roleplaying as Sisyphus.
76561198120439993,Recommended,638160,34383307,Posted: 20 August,all,yukkosama,Luv It!!!! Monsters Dungeon with alot of Cuteness!!!! :D
,Recommended,638160,34296469,Posted: 16 August,all,gay ass,sure
76561198097011080,Recommended,638160,34335726,Posted: 18 August,all,Tay,Very funny and cute.10/10
76561197973689033,Not Recommended,638160,34401905,Posted: 21 August,all,StalkingShadows,Could not get my Xbox controler wireed or wireless to work with this game.  Keyboard + mouse stopped working when starting the first dungeon.  Along with what I read of the story up to that point was not very good.
,Not Recommended,638160,34299908,Posted: 16 August,all,Hajime,Bad optimization. Runs on OpenGL at ~45 fps on i5 6600k @4.3ghz & GTX 1070FTW2... XBone Controller lags. Steam overlay broken.Refunding this game at day 1.The game is awesome. The port from PSVITA is AWFUL.
,Recommended,638160,34281243,Posted: 16 August,all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Not Recommended,638160,34340807,Posted: 18 August,all,Succumb2Succubi,"Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥(feels like I'm on a pentium with under spec ram), menu is selective in it's responsiveness, Dark Souls 2 level of ear♥♥♥♥♥♥when you boot the game, (Intro plays for a split second before it recognises that you want to skip it) tabbing out ruins the game for 5 seconds while it struggles to figure out what in the ♥♥♥♥ is going on, won't accept me trying to switch to a controller. The beggining is slow to start and I'm not sure where it is you save. I got to the first shop screen and couldn't bare the bordem any longer. I quit and tried booting up the game at a later time, no save progress, obviously. ♥♥♥♥ me for expecting an autosave. The final nail in the coffin was what♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most. I couldn't chat with a friend without this ♥♥♥♥ing game ruining my transmit to another application. He said I was crackling and that stopped the instand I hit alt+f4. I wouldn't have even gone as far to give a negitive review if only my microphone worked properly while this ""game"" was open. If you truly want this game don't spend over 7$, seriously.FIX THE GOD DAMN OPTIMIZATION.  O  P  T  I  M  I  Z  A  T  I  O  N  !"
,Not Recommended,638160,34380290,Posted: 20 August,all,Jim,Cannot recommend at all with the game not recognizing my ps4 controller and almost immediately  crashing as soon as I started the story. Refunding this til they fix the issues but it's idea factory i doubt a patch would come anytime soon :\
76561198137455831,Not Recommended,638160,34301392,Posted: 16 August,all,kaosuwings,Looks nice but controller is super broken and buggy for me. it locks up a button that opens the skill menu and doesn't stop opening in the town menu and the dungeon. can't get anything done. hope it fixes soon.
76561198146522541,Not Recommended,638160,34672139,Posted: 1 September,all,khermerker,"first english luego españolmmm well game have a good start... but after a while... all that have start to feel as a job... cause well is bad desing. Lets not talk about the random crash in last dungeon where are no saves... and you can lose hours ,,, is bad.. but even with that fixed.. i will still not give a good review....1. a lot of girls... all have 3 clothes... and you get  2 semi easy.. but last.. is a pain.. really do same thing over and over is not fun... put a H monster that is too rare for get the last piece.. is not fun...2. intimacy... other pain... too many girls.. really this game is not for people that want complete it and have no good patience... really i had only maxed 3 girls.. and if i expend all i have.. i can't max all girls.. still not do last dungeon...3.  that jobs requieres learn skill .. well normal.. that cause is hard level and you stay with the party that you feel good.. makes have all that job pointless and trash... really just put clothes not jobs if you will NOT USE THEM... the last 2 girls you get.. you will not use them...4. too little dungeons.. too much grind... one thing is grind in a big place... other is grind in the same place for more of 1 hour... of all my time i have on this game.. alot of hours and in same place .....5. tooo unbalanced... really the normal guys are more hard than bossess for a lot.. unless boss have normal guys with them... a lot of aoe guys do more damage than boss even on easy... and im seeing you vampire....6. i wonder why people think that for get the best items in game you have to do things that already is more hard that get the item.. by the time you get the best items you will not needed..... ( still dont know final boss..... but really.... i could had use for a lot of items way before)At the end.. im trying to rush to finish this game.. was fun at start.. but now.. i only want see the true ending ( that is a pain and you need farm a lot ) and forget this ..PD:.. well i suggest after sealed area 4.. rush to last sealed area and get the item... its too good and help a lot.... well i will not get more things of game.. at least for now... and in the short futureel juego tiene un buen comienzo pero despues de un rato... todo comienza a sentirse como un trabajo... debido al mal diseño. no hablemos de los fallos aleatorios que te sacan del juego en el ultimo mapa que no tiene puntos de salvado y puedes perder horas ... eso es malo pero aun con eso corregido.. yo no daria una buena review1. muchas chicas.. todas tienen 3 ropas extra y dos son semifaclies de obtener.. pero la ultima es un sufrimiento... hacer los mismo una y otra vez no es divertido... colocar un Mosntrou H que es muiy raro para obtener esa ultima pieza no es divertido, (el pulpo te da una pieza de ropa de un personaje ... pero necesitas 2 de ellos obligatorios.. y eso ya es dificil)2. intimacy...otro dolor muchas chicas.. realmente este juego no es para gente que lo quieran completar y no tengan buena pacienca... solo maximise 3 chicas y si gasto todo lo que tengo no puedo maximasarlas todas (quite la ultima parte donde dije que no acabe el ultimo dungeon.. ya lo hice)3. Que los trabajos requieran aprender skills.. bueno normal... pero son muy dificiles de suber de nivel y te quedas con el grupo el cual te sientes bien, hace que tener todos esos trabajos sin sentido y se convierte en basura... pongan ropas no trabajos puesto que no los usaran... las ultimas dos chicas que obtienes ... no los van ha usar4. muy pocos dungeons... mucho farmeo. una cosa es farmear en un lugar grande.. otra farmear en el mismo lugar por mas de 1 hora... muchas horas  en el juego es en el mismo lugar5.demaciado desbalanceado.. realmente los monstruos normales son mas dificiles que los jefes por mucho... a menos que el jefe tenga mosntruos normales con el, muchos monstruos aoe (areal of spell, hechizos que afecta a todo el grupo) hacen mas daño que el jefe inclusive en facil, y te estoy viendo vampira...(para ser mas especifico.. una vez acabe los minions que aparecen con ella .. no tuve problemas.. pero con ellos.. era mas de suerte que no usaran los aoe)6. (esto lo escribo como critica en general .. no especificamente a este juego aunque aplica) yo me imagino por que la gentee piensa que para obtner los mejores items del juego , tienes que hacer cosas que ya son mas dificil que obtener el item, para el tiempo que obtengas el mejor item.. ya no lo necesitaras.al final estoy corriendo para acabar el juego.. fue divertido al comienzo.. pero ahora.. solo quiero ver el verdader final... ( es horrible necesitas farmar bastante) y olvidar esto.PD: bueno yo sugiero que despues del area sellada 4... corer hasta el ulimta area sellada y obtener el item .. es demaciado bueno y ayuda bastante... bueno yo no obtendre mas cosas del juego, al menos por ahora y en el futuro corto..."
,Recommended,638160,34297623,Posted: 16 August,all,Patchy,I now have more experience with rubbing than I ever had before.
,Recommended,638160,34301721,Posted: 17 August,all,S4KNLT,kamisama aligatou for this on steam
,Recommended,638160,34334879,Posted: 18 August,all,Usagi,COMMENCE TO MONSTER RUBBIN
,Recommended,638160,34339871,Posted: 18 August,all,Cecily,"Just A Review,,,Like it....That's all"
,Recommended,638160,34282162,Posted: 16 August,all,chocologic,wkwkwk...Those opening words.. Ｏ(≧∇≦)ＯMust see it.. d=(´▽｀)=b
76561197971052666,Recommended,638160,34468440,Posted: 24 August,all,alexmepr,Okay time for a Update.The developer has updated the game and it no longer crashes. The game is a simple dungeon crawler and it is very fun. The girls are varied and the job system lets you change their roles. I find the MOE traits very under powered and ignore them. But that is best so that you can take the girls you actually like with you instead of the ones with the best traits.Overall the game is very good and quite adicting. Now that it does not crash I recomend this fun dungeon game.
76561197964595787,Recommended,638160,34351156,Posted: 19 August,all,Xaro,"A lot of people (me included) have big performance problems ingame so i found a strange solution to fix the problem.Only for Nvidia:-You need to open ""GeForce Experience"" first.-Now you go to ""settings""-Disable the ingame overlay (In German it calls ""Spieleinternes Overlay"" so hopefully it means ingame overlay in englishThat fixed the problem for me - now it runs smooth as hell!Review about the game:It will be short, because i just wanted to help people with lag/performance issue.  The game is really fun if you like games like pokemon. (The difference between pokemon - you have lovely monster girls)Story is funny but not really sophisticated.At all I would give 8/10 for the game.Note: There are still problems that the game can crash after a fight or teleport. I don´t know if anyone has the problem but personally it still crash´s sometimes. (4x at something like 8 hours gameplay)Edit 27.08.2017: FIX THE ANNOYING CRASH`S - THUMBS DOWN.Edit 02.09.2017: Finally a fix and it seems like the problems are gone! THUMPS UP again!"
76561198232352420,Recommended,638160,35054433,Posted: 18 September,all,Weish GameTame.com,"Pretty fun, Cute characters, and amazing design!  Definitely would recommend to a friend"
,Recommended,638160,35444416,Posted: 3 October,all,Welldan,"Pretty entertaining game, but I think Idea factory just think about quantity not the quality. And its also affect in the quality of the character in this game"
