user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198007850719,Not Recommended,638930,33873857,Posted: 28 July,all,jim866,"This is a (just about )multi path branching choice based VN. The story is the fairly generic 'boy' moves to new area and goes to school and through some choices gets 'girls' out of his normal target range.+reasonable artgood soundgothic lollies-Generic bland storyno sense of connection with the charactersPlot lines not utilisedDS is a slice of life VN set on an island where no one is unhappy; the MC moves there after advice from his cousin and starts school, the problem is that its an incredibly dull slice. Nothing really happens and there is no real hook to get you invested in the characters nor the story. It lacks that little bit magic (no pun intended) that the DC series had.Parts of the story line are underutilised (e.g. the happy numbers) and others are just ropey (the MC suddenly remembering he lost his glasses after weeks of not using them) and everything plods mundanely through to the end leaving you wondering why anyone bothered writing it in the first place (maybe the producers needed a new porch extension or their drive repaved or something). Everything that happens is generic and predictable and even the 18+ patch fails to bring any real interest.If the game could be equated to a colour it would be dysentery beigeIf you want a dull plodding slice of life VN then go for it but I would suggest going for any of the DC stories instead"
,Recommended,638930,33324989,Posted: 6 July,all,Iori,"Wonderful game. This game has 5 main routes, one for each of the five heroines(one heroine is unlocked after you complete the other four), and one normal route for the normal ending. Clearing all of these routes will unlock the True ending. In addition there are a few extra choices that appear in certain decisions after you complete the the first four heroines' route. This will let you see additional extra scenes.The art and character design are very lovely and beautiful. The music is pretty well done and I like it how each characters have their own theme. All the heroines are so lovable and have great stories. The game is pretty long and very satisfying so it’s definitely worth the price. If you want to play the game with h-scenes you can download the 18+ patch for free.I really enjoyed the game and I recommend others to play it too."
,Recommended,638930,33120375,Posted: 2 July,all,Shiro,"Great game, if only my wallet was as full as the content in this game.IF YOU DO GET THIS GAME, PLAY EVERY SINGLE ROUTE. EVEN THE SECRET ONES.I recommend this to anyone who is interested in visual novels. This game reminds me of the Grisaia series, as every single character has a completely different route.EDIT: AN ACTUAL REVIEWThe art is good. Ridiculously good. They even have particle effects.The characters are very lovable and relatable to many VN fans out there.The content is fullin many waysThe one downside to this game is its hefty price tag, which iscompletely worth it.Reminder that the 18+ patch is free and it's on mangagamer (link below).http://www.mangagamer.com/freedownload.php?product_name=D.S.%20Dal%20Segno%20(download)Well it says trial but ignore that...EDIT AGAIN:Some of the routes are very complex, each route providing a completely different story. To get the full experience of the game, play every single route. The character development in each route take a different path. For example,Hazuki is actually not Hazuki, but her twin sister. Her route develops her character by making her have 2 conflicting personalities, and our protagonist develops feeling for both personalities.Having a bit more game time than the last edit, I can safely say that this was well worth the price."
76561197985608184,Recommended,638930,33409324,Posted: 9 July,all,grayheart19,"I was on the fence for a while before I finally decided to buy this one. I thought the price was a bit on the high side seeing as  lot of the recent visual novels that have been showing up on steam have been very short, often without even having any choices or alternate paths.  I'm still not sure exactly what finally made me take the risk and buy this one.  I don't usually consider visual novels until they drop below the $10 mark.In this case, I am glad I made the exception.  The artwork was well done, The story is well written, you can't help but feel attachment to the characters.  The authors really know how to get you to connect with the story.  Each and every one of the story paths is ripe with emotion and really pulls you in.  Even though there are a couple of text errors, mainly around the formating of ""%"" characters... seems every where there was one in the dialog it played havoc with the text.. Thankfully the context was still understandible, and there were only few instances of that issueBoth the qualty and quantity of content in this novel are enough to provide adequate justification for the price.Having recently lost the love of my life to cancer, the Ame ending struck especially close to home"
76561198004383873,Recommended,638930,33280737,Posted: 5 July,all,Rikofudesu,"I am not gonna lie, I do get emotional when I can relate in a certain way, whether it is something that I need or something that I've experienced in the past. The stories of each character is unique in their own way, with a common goal of finding happiness. If you want to know those stories and gain a glimpse into the understanding of what it means to be happy, buy the game, I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,638930,33426411,Posted: 10 July,all,LAMBDA,"Likes:OSuper comfy and sweet romance story with emphasis on theme about hapiness.OMemorable and quirky heroines; excellent casts and good character developments overall.OSoothing insert and ending songs (6 vocal tracks in total).OExcellent voice actings.OOverarching theme about true hapiness is consistently brought up and explored in every heroine route, providing an overall satisfying conclusion at the end of the final route.Dislike:XAs a norm of this genre, the protagonist is extremely plain.XWeird (but somewhat easily resolved) drama on every heroine route.XSeveral engine bugs, such as text encoding errors (""%"" is shown as a numer string), mislabelling voice cut toggle option, and custom protaganist name not working in story texts.[Update: 13/07/2017] Bugs are fixed as commented by the developer.Remarks:-If you are familar with other Circus titles (such as Da Capo series), this is bascially more of the same solid romance story.-There are 4 heroine routes and one true routes. The first 4 routes can be read in any order.Conclusions:Dal Segno is a slightly cliche, but very solid and sweet romance story with overaching theme about true hapiness. It has been a very comfy read (basically Circus being Circus).PS: 3 out of 5 heroines in this game wear hat. Is this also another hat simulator like Team Fortress 2 or what?"
76561198381042622,Not Recommended,638930,34694304,Posted: 2 September,all,HolyRav,"This is a typical standard japanese erotic visual novel.Art Style:The art style is good. Characters are well drawn in a standard japanese anime style.Story:While it picks up some interesting ideas at the start, it does nothing with it. The story is boring as hell. The characters are all broken girls, everyone beeing a personfied clichee. They act strange and irrational like in many japanese VN. The stories become boring pretty fast and you will start clicking to heaps of uninteresting texts without reading it because it is dumb, shallow and uninteresting. Maybe as a japanese you'd disagree, but as a westerner I find it hard to believe that anyone findes the story engaging, funny or enthralling.Choices:This is the worst part to me. You basically have very few choices and it takes you really quite the time to arrive at the first few choices. And those choices are not real decissions or dialogs, they are basically nothing more then ""I pick this girl"" or ""I pick that girl"". They are just disapointing.All in all its just a crapton of japanese clichees, burried in walls of senseless text and dialog in a boring story that is not worth being told at all."
,Recommended,638930,33366293,Posted: 8 July,all,PaladinPenguin,"Nearing the end of my first route. Very entertaining VN, patch readily available, beautiful character design and hours of story to be found. Well worth the money. I guess my only big complaint is the VN asks you to put your name and then it calls you by the given name throughout the story; just don't make it an option. It's weird at first to see a name you put in clash with the dialogue. It's a minor gripe though.+Solid voice acting+Adorable Heroines with varying personalities+Hours of branching story+Relatable characters+Nice breezy story (never feels too serious or too ridiculous)+Auto mode text speed isn't slower than molasses (sometimes VN auto text speed is way too slow) it paces well.+Free Patch (It's fine without it)Cons (Keep in mind these are very minor complaints)-Why ask for custom name at the beginning if you aren't planning to use it?-Comrade Comrade Comrade-Soundtrack got old fast for me (I ended up muting it, don't mute the VAs though)-Some of the backgrounds look poorly rendered in full screen.-Sometimes the conversations end up being redundant and feel bloated-MC is pretty oblivious even for harem standards sometimes.A nice relaxing Slice of Life VN filled with cute girls on a tropical island paradise."
,Recommended,638930,33627883,Posted: 18 July,all,fraGGy,"While not as good as Da Capo series it's pretty enjoyable, with great art, good voice acting and memorable characters. I recommend it.Ame best girl."
,Recommended,638930,33678233,Posted: 20 July,all,vack,"After playing through every single route, i can gladly say this vn was worth $40. If you have played other circus vn's (like da capo) youll see alot of things that refrence them. (like amakase's research lab) The overall art of the vn is really well done, the characters route each have things will take you by suprise. in total i believe there is 8 endings. The music also fits really well and never breaks the atmosphere or mood of the vn. The length of the vn is pretty good. I personally got 23 hours out of it. (however i dont use auto play so i dont let the voices finish playing before i move onto the next text, also i personally read very quickly)Overall i would give this vn a 9/10.the only thing i could really ask a little more of for this vn was the length. However dont let that bother you into not buying this vn because it is, and always will be one of my favorites.Oh btw. Lo is best girl."
76561198027716897,Recommended,638930,33366612,Posted: 8 July,all,Banteen,I only just finished one plot but i find myself incredibly excited for the next one though i don't know if I can trust myself to not choose Ha ummmmmmm.......... I'm gonna stop now before i spoil something on accident but geat vn!!!
76561198048635680,Recommended,638930,33628894,Posted: 18 July,all,Sekai no Sakura,"UPDATED REVIEW!I have gone through every single route and  I can say without a doubt that this is one of the best Visual Romance Novels you can get on steam. Artwork is gorgeous, bgm is fitting, and the story itself is well written, and there is alot of content to play through with 5 different heroines. Some parts of the story may come across as bland due to overused romace tropes, but I was personaly moved by each and every one of the endings (I cried a little at the one ending). If youve been wanting a good Romance/Slice of life novel to play that has a good amount of content in it, I would highly recomend this game."
,Recommended,638930,33163597,Posted: 2 July,all,Chouchers,Beware Dal Segno has no AchievementsOk I recommend the it very good Still dislike dirty text and pictures that should not be in all age version.Game has a text bughttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=971102073Text bug is fixhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=974169868
,Recommended,638930,33408351,Posted: 9 July,all,convictionxice,"Beautiful StoryAmazing ArtworkLiving CharacterAn underrated VN that translates stunning storyline into words and scenes. It has 7(6?) different endings and every single route is a must play. It's also fair to say to that player needs be emotionally prepared before encountering an unexpected turning point. Some parts can be a little cringy but still sweet to read. This VN is remarkably memorable even after finish the entire story. I would love to see how the second of this serie turns out to be (D.S.I.F). Just a fair waning that don't read the description of the second volume before finsihing the first one. (I know there are almost few to none people as stupid as me to read it beforehand and got a little spoiler, but still). If you don't mind the price and have some spared time to enjoy a beautiful story, this one has its potential.Farewell, comrades."
76561198072152701,Recommended,638930,33635547,Posted: 18 July,all,Kaizo,10/10 would use as BGM Player again.
,Recommended,638930,34842951,Posted: 9 September,all,eh? I'm in a slumppp ;_;,Why you have to buy this game:Comrade10/10-IGN
,Recommended,638930,33238298,Posted: 4 July,all,Explosion Crazed Maniac,"10/10 WOULD GO HAT ROUTE AGAINCOMRADECOMRADECOMRADECOMRADECOMRADE""Your deception is a waste of life-breath. My THIRD EYE can see it all."""
,Recommended,638930,34209137,Posted: 13 August,all,"Witch of Greed, Echidna",Hazuki best gril
,Not Recommended,638930,33743948,Posted: 23 July,all,arth,"This is a visual novel with (for the first four playthroughs) only 4 binary choices.If you play without skippng, expect a couple of hours of reading for a couple of hours before the first choice.  And a couple more hours of text after that.  i personally didn't find the story text very gripping.Almost all of the game's size is voice acting (Japanese only, so I cannot judge the quality), as almost all the rest is typical vn with very few sceneries, paper doll overlays and a few different facial expressions.if you get the adult only patch, you get a handful of stills.  No animations.  But a huge patch due to all the talking.Man, if my rl girlfriends talked this much, I'd die from boredom before hitting first base.If you play through it four times and make the (obvious) choiices to pick a different girl each time, and let's be honest, you're going to skip the text, even unread one, after the first playthrough, you get to unlock a bonus girl.  Which is quite underwhelming.As a VN, I'd rate this 2/10.  Way too much talk witth nothing said.  You can read through this without ever feeling happy, sad or worried, which is a feat in itself.As fanservice, I'd rate it 2/10.  The few romantic episodes are unimpressive.If you are into long VNs with lots and lots of talk, get ""If my heart had wings"" instead.  it has far more emotional content, plot, and care for the characters.The only ones I could recommend this to are those who understand Japanese voice, and prefer VNs where the protagonist never has to face any real issues or make diffiicult choices.   This is a fidget spinner of a game."
76561198063269734,Recommended,638930,33796563,Posted: 25 July,all,₩atafockson,10/10
76561198049277917,Recommended,638930,33541613,Posted: 14 July,all,Ruke Paige,It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight It's aight
