user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198018875590,Recommended,639300,35123953,Posted: 22 September,all,Wolfen,"A couple of hours in it now, won my first 3 fights (so i write now in a good mood, before i get my♥♥♥♥♥handed, what will happen for sure when my luck is over^^).The game is a huge step forward from AOG 1, i wasn't completly sure if the Dev is able to do sucha complex game all alone (<- i suppose so at least) but he did.Its working, its fun and i was lucky enough to don't run in any bugs so far.(And i love the space-atmosphere.)I am sure there is still a bunch of work to do and there will be balance-issues for sure, but i am not worried about that, everything looks surprisingly well, considering the indie-benchmark  and the not-so-long amount of development.I am looking forward to get deeper into this and now excuse me please, i have three injured Kathaarn after the last fight, and a 2vs2 fight upon me tomorrow.I will have to fight that with a complete new Skeel Gladiator and *gulp* a slave i have to buy for this.So i got♥♥♥♥♥♥to do, but i recommed everyone to join me in this nice and new galaxie.regardsRAHVEENformer kathaarnian GladiatorOwner of the Bloodpack Space Ludus"
76561198103937618,Recommended,639300,35120164,Posted: 21 September,all,Haven913,"It is still early, but it is clearly an upgrade from the previous installment. The developer has been very responsive to the community."
76561198216564175,Recommended,639300,35137761,Posted: 22 September,all,I Love Trump,This is a little precious jewel. Created by a 2man team and they have really created a very fun and addicted game with hours of content. If you like managment games this is a must have.Highly recommend it.
76561198080123570,Recommended,639300,35151076,Posted: 23 September,all,willsama974,"Thumb up for the effort of bringing AoG to a new era!The management part is solid and the season/Playoff NBA/NHL/MLS calendar like is engaging.The turn-based battle system is ok but could be a lot better and i'm sure it will:- Adjustments like OP builds (creating AP ceilling/turn...), Party Initiative right now is like ""you all go first"" or ""you all go last"" (either individual Init or more randomness/turns could help), Improved calendar...- A few things that should/could be added (Units being able to rotate, some kind of Zone of Control, different arenas with corridors/walls/higher and lower ground and their bonuses, Home and Away feature, Arena builder...)Overall i really like what i've seen so far. You can play this as a pure Manager game or go Manager and Turn-based strategist.Love the grim sci-fi touch, looking forward to Missions as i've not been able to try them out yet."
76561197972286319,Recommended,639300,35160211,Posted: 23 September,all,bbarnett,"Big thumbs up so far.  I'm only about 4 hours in so far, but it's a much better game than I had expected.  I think it's important not to move to quickly at the beginning and read the emails you get since it gives you a lot of good information."
76561198157714097,Recommended,639300,35243898,Posted: 27 September,all,Lord_Malacrat,"i had never heard of this game before buying it and thought it would be a game i played once and never touched again....oh boy was i wrong, i cant stop playing the dam game. Overall the game is just plain fun from a management and strategic point of view. Its not flashy like lots of other games but that doesnt take away from the game at all. This one of those rare gems you find on the steam store."
76561198005194478,Recommended,639300,35225438,Posted: 26 September,all,Tyronis2054,"TL:DR - If you enjoyed the first game, you can't go wrong with this sequel as long you're OK with the Sci-Fi setting instead of the Rome setting. (Though the Rome setting is coming soon per the Devs)If you like a detailed opinion of the game, read on! :)Well,I'm not much for writing reviews on the steam website, but felt perhaps this one was a good time for that cause I've been enjoying the dedication the Devs have given to this game post release so far. Overall if you played the first game, called Age of Gladiators, then you will encounter features very similar to that with this one.However, this sequel expands upon the first game pretty much ten fold by adding a lot new interesting things to do, but in fairness perhaps still needs fine tuning like the way you invest in properties and such for this one.The big change from the first one to the 2nd, is naturally the setting is totally different now, we're in the future now (however, the Devs have promised a Age of Gladiators 2: Rome version a few months from now..) and the set-up of the gladiators is more league/season based akin to the usual sports management games out there or unlike the first one which is more ladder based on the 3 owners you were competing with in a particular region before moving on.Overall, this change is a good change since I've always been a fan of the sports theme of these kind of games, so to include league standings, and than a playoff each and every season, makes the replay-ability pretty great since there is also record keeping like the first game which is probably my biggest complaint on the first game, since once you got the Rome, and beat the first 3 owners, well what now?, this way the League/Playoff structure keeps things a bit more fresh as time goes on.  Speaking of Balance, if you do pick it up you may find yourself struggling for the first few games, than all of sudden get yourself on a great wining streak in which you feel unstoppable and there's a good chance you could even win the championship during your very first season as some other plays have done. (currently 24-6 myself in my first season)Some may enjoy this, but some may not, however, it should be noted that the balance of this is constantly be tuned by the devs, and the game certainly seems much harder now from the first season onward that it was when initially released. (perhaps some may thing it's too hard now, but it's going to be a process that will be continued to be refined as time goes on by them..)Which brings me the next good point, the Devs seem to really care about this game as new updates are constantly being put out there based on all the bugs that the player base has reported. Hell, even minor suggestions are being implemented now if it's easy to do for them... For example, I suggested that when you upgrade the buildings you buy, you should see the cost of it (initially it was just the upgrade button, but you didn't know how much it cost to upgrade, and certain building prices vary by a lot..).. 3 hours later, that suggested feature was in the game with a new update.Yea, I know, it feels like it's a common sense kind of thing to do, and why shouldn't it have been included in the first place? But the fact their taking suggestions and try to implement them into the game if it's feasible and within the Dev's vision is a nice treat to see.As for the combat itself, instead of just the one simulate mode that the first game had, we now get to choose from 3 modes instead. Simulate, Spectate, or actually take part in the battle. In my personal experience I've only taken part in the battles, I haven't simulated or spectated any of the games. The battles themselves are as the screenshots and video trailers shown above, tactical based, top down...Is it as good as X-Com 2? of course not, but in general it serves the purpose of what it needs to do. Naturally the downside to this, is unlike the first game, when you start going to stuff that's tactic base, the player base can easily find ways to beat the AI, no matter how buffed the AI can be. So that is something to keep in mind, and perhaps why the victories in the early seasons are so common for most players, especially if you are a veteran of these tactic types games, and learn what key stats are good for those types of battles you participate in. (Some say it's all about Action Points)However, that's why the other 2 modes are there if you feel you wish to handicap yourself somewhat and just focus more on the managing aspect of your gladiators like the way it was in the first game.And I think that all I gotta say about the game for now, so yea, long winded I know, but as long you're a fan of the first game, you can't go wrong with this sequel. However, if the sci-fi theme is not your thing, than just wait for Age of Gladiators 2: Rome which should be released in a few months by these devs as well."
,Recommended,639300,35176340,Posted: 24 September,all,SniperSmithy,"Very enjoyable game with some cool mechanics. Really enjoying it but it needs to be harder. AP is way overpowered at the moment and I became the richest owner in the inaugural season, without much of a challenge. Really enjoying it though so hope some tweaks can be made for balance/challenge."
76561198027117855,Recommended,639300,35147805,Posted: 23 September,all,Clint Eastwood,"This game really hits home for me, it's just what I was looking for. I did get the original AoG, but for one reason or another I didn't devote as much time to it as I should have. Regardless, this game seems to offer a variety of improvements. I'll try to be concise in identifying the game's strengths.-Very relaxing environment, I can pump hours into this game and just chill.-Much more in depth game than I anticipated!-The combat is fun, and everything feels rather well balanced. Great racial abilities too!-Unique races, a nice variety of arena types and lovely backgrounds create an immersive environment.-Expand your facilities within a massive asteroid (meteor? not sure). Basically lots of unique upgrade buildings. Crucial.-Compete in an american-football-style gladiator tournament to push for the playoffs!-Hire a variety of staff members to train gladiators, heal/clone/surgery-(cyborg) gladiators, recruit, maintain gear...-Become attached to beloved gladiators, and either cry when they die or save-scum like me. Or clone their corpse.-I actually like that I can make as many save files as I wish, so I can be the ultimate save-scumming loser...-Purchase properties like hotels, businesses, etc. Grow your fame to reap the rewards.-Bet millions for or against your own fighters.-Recruit fighters from all sorts of planets, or even right out of prison! Don't have money for salaries? Buy slaves!-Participate in a ""Draft"" where you select from the best young academy recruits, as young as 16!-Blood gladiators fight to the death, but there is a pee-wee league of sorts for your young academy drafts to learn.Things I'd like to see added in the future:-A greater variety of weapons, armors, special items, etc.-Large gladiator battles like 10v10, 20v20...-Creatures/animals, I know it would be hard to balance considering the bipedal requirements for gladiators n such.-Environmental hazards in the arenas-Space battles in space arenas! (Anti-gravity may be hard though)-Gladiator backstories, family ties, quests, unpaid debts, etc. Though, the bounties are a nice touch!There is a lot more to this game than I am even mentioning! I would definitely recommend this to anybody that enjoys relaxing strategy-management games. The sci-fi setting is great, and I am so glad that AoG2 had the guts to revamp things in this great new setting! Overall I would give the game a rating of 9/10. I think that there are a few things that could be improved upon, but in general I really enjoy it! I will keep things updated as I go along, this is my new go to ""late night relaxer"" video game! Rock on!TLDR: 9/10 A few flaws but great game overall! VERY in depth, relaxing strategy management game. Good combat."
76561198189740057,Recommended,639300,35166866,Posted: 23 September,all,rssmith_4,"This is an addictive, fun, futuristic gladiator game.At its heart it is a classic sports manager game in the grand tradition of text-based football manger games of old. Essentially a spreadsheet keeping track of your players and their stats and the other teams and their stats, and number-crunching the results of games (or fights in this case) and plotting everyone's position in the league.In this sequel you get actual graphical representation of the fights, and you can also take control of your gladiators (up to 3 vs 3 in any contest) with X-COM lite style turn-based combat.I expected to find myself watching the fights play out in spectator mode, but I'm having more fun taking control. If you are looking for tactical combat alone you might find other titles out there do it better (eg. X-COM, or warband style games like Mordheim).  The fun in this game is the way the fairly simple combat ties into the much deeper managerial aspects of the game - managing finances, training, healing injuries, improving your facilities, etc. Every fight has implications for your finances, your position in the league, your individual fighters development. It makes each fight importnt and really draws you in. And behind every fighter, there are tons of stats which all come into play in the arena and which you can influence through your choices as manager.In the same way plenty of people can play through season after season of football manager matches, so too could you play through multiple seasons here. It's addictive. Some concerns have been raised about long term playability once you have a set of maxed-out fighters, but I am sure the dev is looking into this - dev support appears to be excellent so far in terms of fixing bugs and addessing issues.It won't be everyone's cup of tea. If you like management sims, and have an eye for RPG style stats and figures, and you like to see the combat actually play out, you should love this. If you enjoyed the original AoG you should also love this, because everything is bigger and better.I was initially sceptical about the change to sci-fi setting, but it's fine. In fact I think it works really well."
76561198007937594,Not Recommended,639300,35144260,Posted: 22 September,all,Kokes,"I really liked the first AoG game, so i was pretty excited about the new theme and the announcment of more depth and decisionmaking/progressing.But sadly, i cant recommend it in its actual state of development.Yes, there are more functions and building/Customizing options than before, but to me it seems a great part of them are just unnecessary, or, even worse, useless.I feel the need to Review this game for the players thinking about buying it, because they liked the first title and were drawn into its, lets say, ""databased progression"".But now, there isnt even a fightingsummary if you simulate a fight, you just know if you won or lost, but why did you lose?  (you'll never know). Thats simply bad for a game based on stats.Furthermore, there is absolutely no difficulty in winning the bloodleague in your rookie year, and if you do so, you will start your second year with the goal to defend your title...thats what the gameprogression literally is, playing the same league over and over again.Even though i do like playing this game, i dont feel any motivation to go deeper into building or Gladiator-Optimizing mechanics, because there seems to be nothing you could use them for (except winning the bloodleague :P).There are more things looking unfinished, like the missing playoff schedule, the openly accessable slavemarket (which is forbidden to use, you will be fined by the ""league"", but that you get told AFTER you went there and purchased a slave), the interaction possibilities with other Owners, with whom you can do, right, you got it, NOTHING except trading fighters (you cant even use money to purchase them, or get into a rivalry or stuff like that). I could name more (more or less) important issues, but i think you understand my point :).I really wish to recommend this game some day, for i think it has a lot of potential and i really liked the first one (First and only game i ever played until unlocking all steam achievements), but right now, even though the beginning was funny because it SEEMED like AoG with just more possibilities (it isnt, dont get fooled by those colourfull gameoverlay), it is a contentless grinder.In Fact, this game should have focused on the series Strenghts and improve them, instead of cutting them down (stats and storyprogression are the two main issues here) and adding useless functions which just look better and more ""2017"" as before.So Overall, I can recommend it only for those players who loved the first game and thought ""oh yes, i like that gladiatormanagementgame, but i wish it would be more futuristic and with an undercomplex possibility of playing the fights by myself""."
,Not Recommended,639300,35277484,Posted: 28 September,all,455224,"Despite the negative review, I want to commend the developer for both his commitment to game (like 4/5 patches already) and also for producing a title in a field (strategy/management) that I really, really love.However, with that said, I'm going to have to (reluctantly) give this game a thumbs down, on one single point alone: the absoloutely atrocious balancing.In a nutshell the game is either embarrasingly easy (if you directly control all the fights whilst spamming an AP build, even more cheesy with a shield generator in your loadout = win genuinely everything: I was 42-3 when I stopped playing and those 3 were all 'forfeits' because I was bored, endless money from winning ALL bets, and no injuries sustatined from fights so squad always fully powered) or barbarically hard (dont use a 'cheese' build/auto-resolve fights = lose everything, no money because you arent winning anything, all your guys are either critically injured or dead).In all honesty, I dont think using a 'cheese' build would be all that bad, if the AI did the same - but it doesnt. They usually use pretty suspect tactics, never seem to employ the AP boosting adrenal stims or shields and, on a worryingly regular basis, waste 3AP of their turn using a completely irrelevant stim (ie. a melee character using a stim to buff their ranged aim) instead of attacking you.Theres a few other minor details, but I feel bad enough with what I've said already, given that i do actually really really *really* want to like this game... if some of the above points are rectified in later patches, I'll happily change my review, but at the minute I can't really recommend the game beyond a couple of hours worth of fun whilst the novelty is still there."
76561198024814518,Recommended,639300,35205420,Posted: 25 September,all,Bantak Kor,"Still needs polishing, but so far it is constantly improving.As far as I am concerned definitly some nice management game where I will pass a couple of hours."
76561197993245779,Recommended,639300,35168432,Posted: 23 September,all,DreamsDefined,"Love the game, it's a great improvement over the original.Age of Gladiators II has far more depth and complexity, allowing for longer term saves without it feeling like a grind.Also, the dev has released 5+ patches in the 3 days since launch. One of the most dedicated and responsive devs I've seen. Kudos to them!Support great developers! Support this game!"
76561198281370060,Recommended,639300,35278791,Posted: 28 September,all,mrinbetween12,"I reviewed the first Age of Gladiators, so I thought I would do the same for the sequel.First off - it's in space. I big change, definitely, but one that grew on me. The first one was unique for applying a management sim format to the Roman gladiator concept, and this one adds to the unexpected by blasting that combination into a sci-fi space setting. Definitely not a retread.One of the major benefits of this is the variety of species that you can use as fighters, who have different skill sets related to their biology. I think these differences could maybe be expanded (gladiator officials make it clear that only creatures with a basically human shape can participate in league fights), but there's enough there to keep it interesting. Using cybernetics to repair injured fighters, long range weapons like laser rifles, and cloning dead fighters whose genetics had them winning straight through until they got unexpectedly killed are all components of the gameplay that I certainly haven't seen in a game of this kind.Bottom line: it's an original take, like the first game in the series, but more so. It's fun to play, not too difficult and not too easy. While some of the sci-fi possibilities could be more fully explored, it's a really strong game and a welcome new spin on the gladiator management sim established by its predecessor."
76561198079792371,Recommended,639300,35141086,Posted: 22 September,all,mileskellam,"Very good game, it's still early on but so far it looks really good and has been very fun to play.  I'm sure any possible bugs will be fixed with updates, though so far there doesn't seem to be any.  It's definitely an improvment from the first game, can't wait to see what future updates will bring!"
76561197985685404,Recommended,639300,35142649,Posted: 22 September,all,sgt.greywar,"While still very rough, even in this curent state the game is FAR more enoyable than most gladiotr stable sims.Pros:Ability to either control combat or just watchLots of upgradesAbility to rename gladiatorsCons:Not balanced (seriously, try playing with Melee glads if you want a ""challenge:)The fershlugginer spectator camera centers on the your guys instead of showing both them and the opponent.The options are not all that varied.Very repetitive.Little to no combat animation."
,Recommended,639300,35164885,Posted: 23 September,all,Myndpyre,"Writing review as a comparision between AOG and AOG2.The games have a lot of simliarities.Your base means more now, as it serves not only as a morale booster like AOG, but adds the ability for your specialized staff members to engage personally with members of your fighting squad.AOG had single combat only, while AOG2 adds team combat.  AOG allowed you to pace yourself with money being the driving force of how often and how hard you would push your fighters into battle, in AOG2, now the league dictates, sometimes forcing you to put tired and wounded fighters into battle before they are ready.  AOG was melee only, AOG2 has melee and ranged.AOG2 introduces different species and leagues, and just has a lot more depth than AOG.In all, I recommend it.  I do miss my human female gladiators, and hope they get added soon.  The game does have some bugs to work out, but has been completely playable so far in my experience with the game."
,Recommended,639300,35143684,Posted: 22 September,all,drew_cathey77,AMAZING! It is far from perfect but the developer is amazing and updating nonstop! I love a madden set in the future with gladiators! Awesome!
76561198013759270,Recommended,639300,35165095,Posted: 23 September,all,Rabble,"Clearly an upgrade over the first game.If you liked the first game, you'll like this.If you wished the first game had a combat mode? get this.I mean come on, it let you run a gladiatorial team and buy slaves and even do missions outside of fighting in the arena.You can even own business.Imagine how happy you'll be when you win that bout when everyone else said you would lose and win TON of money because of a clever bet."
76561197996186863,Recommended,639300,35248269,Posted: 27 September,all,nephilimnexus,"To be honest I wasn't expecting much.  I've played other gladiator games and so far they've ranged from disappointing to just so-so.  This one, however, turned out to be pretty darn fun.It's not a complicated game; the most complex parts are the numbers juggling like you'd see in a straight-up regular sports game.  The combat is turn based and very straight forward, with a lot of rock/paper/scissors situations where you find yourself debating between raw damage/protection versus saving room for the game's assortment of power-up gear than can turn the battle when played right or lose it when played wrong.It has a bit of XCOM style base-building, though nowhere near as complex, and you'll be constantly wishing that next room wouldhurry the heck upbecause you will need all of them sooner than you'd like.  This makes strategizing your base development a high priority, as whatever you don't pick today is going be out of reach for an uncomfortably long time.Yet this all just adds to fun of the challenge: Keeping your team alive and your budget afloat long enough to finally start honing that edge that will make you & your team truly competitive.  A mixture of different races take the place of traditional classes, each with their own fixed special powers that make them all interesting.Of course it's all not all glitter.  As of this writing the game has barely been out for a week, so there are bugs and a lot of things that can use more polish - in some places, alotmore polish.  That being said, however, the developer has shown a shockingly high amount of interest in their product, often leading to multiple patches and updatesper day.Think of that the next time you're looking at those month-long periods of nothing getting fixed that is the halmark of half the crap on Steam.And in this today's market, finding a complete game (technically a sports game, no less) that isn't destined to become nothing more than a shop-front for DLC and microtransactions is enough to make me give them kudos on general principle.Again, this isn't a ""OMG5Starz"" masterpiece, but itisdefinately far better than I was expecting considering the realitively light $20 price tag.  So it's worth the money, provided that you're into this genre of course.  If it ever goes on sale I'd even reccomend it to people whoaren'tinto this genre as a good, respectable intro to it.There could be more bells & whistles, there could be more polish (and from what I've seen that's probably in the works already), but it does what it says on the tin.  The core of this game is pretty solid and does it's job quite admirably.  Anything the developer adds later (from this writing) is all just bonus points that will likely make it worth even more than what they're actually charging."
76561198056782452,Recommended,639300,35137431,Posted: 22 September,all,hooch,"It's alright. Nothing more and nothing less.The combat is clunky but passable, the UI is usable but could do with some refining, and there are mechanics that could definitely be explained in more detail."
76561198022804080,Recommended,639300,35133931,Posted: 22 September,all,Fatixing,"So far i put approx. an hour, and it is everything i hoped and waited for. I like the game and now i go to put more hours in it :)"
76561198022374070,Recommended,639300,35133141,Posted: 22 September,all,Mantakor,I love it...Like a Sport-Management-Game...but here you can kill your oppenents!
76561198030771646,Recommended,639300,35252793,Posted: 27 September,all,[KG] Thurnock,"An excellent time killer, has some rough spots and the occasional glitch but has otherwise enjoyable game play."
76561198007440566,Recommended,639300,35260592,Posted: 28 September,all,Shadow,This game trumps the first in every way!
76561197960567130,Not Recommended,639300,35146214,Posted: 23 September,all,Horang2,"Really wanted to like the game, as Sim games like these are rare and I tend to enjoy them. But as is, it is buggy and far too easy.There are only 2 stats that matter, Hit Rate and AP.Literally, by maxing those 2 points you reach a point where the AI dies before even getting a 1st action off. It doesn't even take long to reach that point maybe 1-2 hour into the game. In addition, by maxing those 2 stats your fighters also never get injured so half the game mechanic of managing roster becomes moot. You literally just need 3 Hit Rate/AP Gods and you can just mash end turn till you have as much money as you want.Beyond the gameplay issues, it's buggy and save files can corrupt ruining all the time you spent on it."
76561198003741466,Not Recommended,639300,35143059,Posted: 22 September,all,Castman,"I played this game, unsure what to expect as I had not played the first Age of Gladiators. But, I figured ""Why not?"" and shoved some money at it.The short and simple:I'm going to have to give this one a Negative Review, alas.It has potential, but unfortunately I bought a game expecting a complete, interesting product and this one just didn't deliver.Why didnt I like it?There is not enough ways to differentiate your characters or really effect them, at least in the short time I played.The gameplay, i.e. the choices you make, are all pretty bland and seem to be very granular and not enough interesting abilities/feats/crunchNon-auto resolved combats are too long and tedious for my tastes.In conclusion:Keep in mind, this game isnt TERRIBLE. It really is not. But at the 20$ price point with the content it has (and bear in mind, TIME WISE there is a lot, but its mostly grind and very little actual meaningful decisions) it just doesnt merit a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,639300,35142493,Posted: 22 September,all,Viva Zapata,"This game really had me excited. I grew up in the days of Apple ][+, and one of my favorite games on that platform was Galactic Adventures (absolutely not to be confused with the Spore expansion.) Galactic Adventures was the sequel to Galactic Gladiators.The game has a lot going for it, and a lot to discover about it. However, only 2 hours in the dominance of just having high mobility and accurate ranged fire carries over from those games from 1983.There is no real flavor to it. The AI doesn't seem to adapt, keeps throwing melee fighters at your superstud (ranked #1 and #2) rifleman and you cut them down in one turn.The various mechanics of staff, inventory, recruiting, and base-building are not difficult to overcome, at least in my short time playing it. One time (on my last playthrough), one of my rifelmen got sick so I felt it necessary to forfeit a match rather than go 3v2, but after only a couple hours I'd discovered the ""winning"" formula and was 10-1 with nobody dead (I wonder how people die, honestly) and a couple of level 3 guys with upgraded rifles.The inventory management system is a little janky, too.Pretty bad UI, in general.I wasn't playing this for the graphics. I expected a little bit of a challenge. Essentially, if you can get higher initiative and higher APs (either naturally, through armor, or through other inventory items) you cannot lose to melee opponents, and perhaps that's hard but it wasn't for me with just a little try.I'm returning it for now, but will keep an eye on it. Seriously have loved this sort of game since 1983, very disappointed. I assume it will improve in the future, but right now it's got serious problems."
,Not Recommended,639300,35136906,Posted: 22 September,all,Al Babes,The UI comes across disconnected for me. I enjoyed the previous installment but not feeling this ambitious effort.I hope things develop well from here.
,Not Recommended,639300,35241953,Posted: 27 September,all,zultor,"Avoid this game.   The design needed a lot more polish and the implementation is lacking many features.Cons:- Way too many stats.   This is a spreadsheet game with no information on how to play or what stuff means besides poorly worded (localization issue?) tooltips and ingame emails which contain too much fluff vs important game information.  Every gladiator and staff member has 3 times as many stats as necessary and it is very difficult, and time consuming, to figure out which stats effect what abilities (ranged vs melee, defense, etc).- Combat is horrible.   So much so that it is highly recommended that you auto-resolve (simulate) combat.   Unfortunately if you do you don't get any information what so ever about what happend.   Just a straight up win or loss.- At the beginning you miss (glancing blows) way too often.   The game shows you the percent to hit but doesn't tell you if that is for an outright miss, glancing blow, hit, etc.    Enemies have 2000-4000 hp and you do 50 damage with glancing blows 95% of the time even with a 40% chance to hit.-Enemies always start a level higher than your guys so this is a ""survive at first"" type of game but there aren't any controls which allow you to effect that so it is just luck/random.- No combat log so you have no visibility to what is happening besides outcome or if you miss a scrolling text, which is easy to do since they coor schemes don't contrast, you are out of luck.- Poorly balanced.   At the start you will sometimes fight 1v1 up to 3v3.  You can't control this so you better get enough gladiators.  My first game there was only 1 recruitable gladiator even though I hired the best scout so I had to use slaves which caused you to get hit with a 1 million dollar fine which is 1/5th of your starting money.   Nowhere did the game indicate this would happen.   The enemy usually goes first although there is initiative but I don't know how that is determined.  You can influence it slightly by giving your gladiator almost all of the purse which is highly unstatisfying.   Since the enemy usually goes first it is routine for one of your gladiators to die before they even activate.   Generally each enemy to attacks 3-4 times per turn multiplied by 3 enemy gladiators so your guys can get slaughtered even with armor.- Graphics and sound are bad.   There are different models for each race but only one per race that I saw so you and the enemy use the same models.   Armor looks like decals being added to the model when viewed up close but in combat you don't view them that closely.- Very little tactics in combat.   You select the attack which boils down to various forms of +toHit & -damge or -toHit & +damage.   There are some boosts and taunts and positioning bonuses but they are meaningless since all combat is in open arena (no terrain, obstacles, etc).   It is straight up meless guys rush and range guys stand still and attack.   Focus on one enemy at a time, etc.   Very bland.   Basically it is Roman colleseum gladitorial combat with rifles and swords.- Performance is a little slugish which is horrible since this is a spreadsheet game.   There is a second or so delay after hitting each button.- Pacing is painful.   I played several games and the first turn you spend money hiring gladiators & staff and buying weapons then you click end turn 25+ times until your first fight.   The only thing to break that up are the 30+ emails you get of which almost all of them are meaningless.   There isn't even a skip to next fight button or anything.- As far as I have seen there isn't any story, interaction with your gladiators, etc.   It is a straight up spreadsheet game with tactical combat and both of those elements are very poorly done.This is a remake of their Roman themed game Age of Gladiators which marginally better."
,Recommended,639300,35284076,Posted: 28 September,all,Arkterus,"It needs some help, but it's getting there.  The game largely floats between ""too hard because lack of knowledge of how the game works"" to ""Okay, now I know how to cheese the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the AI and never lose a match.""One of the better ""Gladiator Sim"" options out there, though, by and large because you can actually control the combat (if you want, or just sim), and fighs are not just text boxes of scrolling numbers and descriptors."
