user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,640990,34859444,Posted: 10 September,all,Shinrai,"I ate raw mushrooms & had the best time of my life - 10/10This is a rather long review - so if you don't want to read: don't bother and just buy the game. It's hilarious ;).FLML was a surprise. I bought the game with little to no expactations given the few (and rather bad) R+18 Otome-examples and their ""quality content"" I played in the last couple of years withlots of♥♥♥♥♥♥ maniacs to pursue &/or totally dumb & passive protagonists.It is an Otome game, which means you play as a female character and your goal is to ""capture the heart"" of one boy that the game throws at you within its story (in this games you have 2 guys to get in their pants, yay. More about them later).If you want to have access to the R+18 CGs you have to download a patch though, which requires you to register on the Mangagamer site. But you don't have to pay for it and it is very easy to install - so shout out to MG for that.I'm a big, old perv so I played the game with the patch. I don't know how it would play out without it - so your experience might  differ from mine in the end.At first I thought ""Man, 20 bucks just for story with 2 guys might be a bit expensive"". But you get really good quality content. The voices are the japanese voice overs. They are really well made and the voice actors are all no strangers to their field of work. You might know them from other Otomes or Animes. Even NPCs with small text passages are voiced. What I found interesting was that the protagonist was voiced as well, I think it is just the second otome game I played with a voiced female protagonist. So I was a bit bewildered at first because I needed a bit longer to connect with her. And sometimes her voice was straight out annoying. So I was thankfull that you could mute all voices in the system menu at any given time.The style of graphics was rather good and has a very distinctive style. You can like it, but I would understand if some say ""Nah, that is not so my preferred style"". But man, if I would draw that, a 3 years old child would do a better job than me.Here and there I noticed things  like  faces which looked a bit different in the CGs than while in dialogue mode. The backgrounds were clean and well painted as well - not so mushy like in all the handyports that spook around here on Steam.You have a good amount of CGs with every guy that focus mostly on both: the protagonist & the guy - which means this story could be interesting for the VN reading guys as well.To a degree that is a small critique point for me though because if I play a game for females, I want to see the guys in focus, not the big melons of the protag. Fight me. Wait, maybe I'm just weird.But the CGs were nicely & tastefully done, so that complaint isn't thaaatt big of an issue for me in the end.The story was refreshing. It is one of the games where it was really fun to find all the hilarious endings - and there are a lot. And all of them are enjoyable and totally hilarious.You start at your typicial highschool but I kind of forgot instantly that I played a highschooler. Thanks to the writers I had the first time in my life the joy to play a girl as MC that was a lot like me, so I could relate to her very much.The MC was rather huge in person - at least for a japanese girl I think, which led to big mobbing issues in school. She was damn lazy, full of herself with a knack to missunderstand others on a massive quirky scale, uninterested in social contacts and totally stressed out if she was forced to that, she loved eating and wanted nothing more than her alonetime. That doesn't mean that she didn't have likeable traits as well - so she was honest, could stand up for herself & others &  tries to support the people she likes, even if they annoy the hell out of her and she struggled sometimes with finding the right words. She has her own ideas of things and knows right from wrong. And she likes teasing.I welcome more such protagonists in the (R18+) Otome game genre. >>> Blank/ dumb passive slates: Sayonara! *throws trash out*There was much more focus on all  the character personalities, their communication with one another and the fashion work. They were all quirky and hilarious and very consequent in their weirdo behaviour all the time. Even the NPCs had over the top personalities, which I liked. Here and there I missed possible npc communication with family members like Miki's sister or Seito's mom.At  the beginning I feared that I was thrown into the deep pit of bad rom-com. But especially the guys grew on me and surprised me in a lot of ways.I feared Saito would be one of thosemaniac rapists I met in other R18+-games & Amnesia (look at you Toma Ò.ó), but nope: in Miki's route he was more like a caring and overstressed  mom who kicks your damn lazy♥♥♥♥♥in time of need which I really liked. In his own route he was a massive dork with lots of complexes to overcome. He is very demanding though and never loses his sadistic side to a degree- put me off a bit especially if you think about how much he cared for the protagonist all the time. Though I must add her own personality destroyed lots of situations that would be potentially more romantic if she wasn't such a jerk herself at given situations....he really has to put up with a lot. Poor Saito.Miki on the other hand was ahuge M. In a lot of ways...:D Like Saito, he cared deeply for the protagonist and his story evolves into a really fantastic romance in the end. I really enjoyed all the fluff & cheese thrown at me. The relationship development between the MC and him was really well written and the focus was much more on the development of both characters to overcome problems and emotional hurdles together to suceed in work life and family in the end. Really mature - a big surprise for me given that (again) it was a story about highschoolers - and Miki + MC are both huge, dumb, loveable weirdos. What surprised me in his route as well was that in the H-scenes he was very caring.He asked the MC a lot how she felt, if everything was to her liking etc. Something you don't find that much in R18+games - especially with female protagonists.The story length got me surprised. In my first run I needed ca. 6 hours for the complete Miki route. My second run for Saito was 3 1/2 hours because of me abusing the skippedy skip function. A small complaint here as well: lots of parts in both routes were the same like in the other. Their routes were not so distinctive as they could have been - even the third run with theThreesome-endingwas more or less just a short new part glued at  the end of everything you already read before.I know, I'm a bitter person. Or just too old for this, don't know. It is a cultural thing as well, I think. And it is a bit ego as well.It is common in asian VNs - like using choices to determine routes and endings rather than using choices to shape the personality of the protagonist or providing other story bits/solutions for the given story without fearing death endings as consequences (I think if you want to play those not so angsty Otome you still need to read western indieR18/Otome like ""Wilder- Ran's story"", ""Aloners"" or ""The lady's choice"".That doesn't mean I hate asian otome. No, I'm really fond that they exist.  I  play those games because I really like the stories and characters and to develop such games takes a lot of work and passion, which I aknowledge. And I'm happy to spend time far away from stress in them - so thanks for that.I just wish companies would acknowledge/appreciate their clientel a bit more and evolve with the times slowly but steady.I hope you'll enjoy the game as much as I did. Have a good time and sorry for probably bad grammar and typing issues. English is not my native language, but I tried my best to explain myself."
,Recommended,640990,34828243,Posted: 8 September,all,Belgerum,"Haven't played through the whole thing, but I can already tell that this is a keeper.The translations is good quality, the voice acting and music are nice, and the characters are filled with quirky personality that makes the game feel unique, fun, and entertaining. Not to mention, there is a patch for mature content that is free to download and quick to install, which the devs kindly put in a pinned discussion.Don't eat the mushrooms."
,Recommended,640990,34853905,Posted: 9 September,all,oz.mo,"I highly recommend this not just to otome fans, but visual novel fans in general. I can definitely see straight dudes with no interest in the genre enjoying this game.The writing is just so funny! The dilogue between these weirdo characters nearly killed me in some moments. Props to the translators making all of those puns work. Every ""bad"" end goes completely off the rails.The protagonist is honestly a dumbass, but not in a way that frustrates me. Normally protagonists that are prone to ""misunderstandings"" get on my nerves, but Ema takes it to such an extreme that it's enjoyable. Watching her come to the conclusions that she does is really something to see.The voice work in this is also incredible! I'm a very fast reader, and in visual novels I tend to move on to the next line before the characters can finish speaking, but in this I found myself waiting for them because their delivery was just so great.I just wish it was longer! The side characters were so much fun! I wanted to see so much more of them! I wanted to meet Miki's sister and Saito's mom too!If you're even a little interested there's afree trial version on their website (NSFW)you can try out that covers the beginning of the game! (The link is next to the shopping cart button)I also would like to give a big thanks to MangaGamer for offering afree18+ patch, unlike a certain other company that prefers to charge a premium for a complete game :^)"
,Recommended,640990,34830858,Posted: 9 September,all,Moon2star22,"So far this otome is HILARIOUS!!! To be honest I don't think I've played a otome game that was ""intentionally"" comedic like this before. I'm very impressed by the translation since normally humor is hard to get across when translating from another language. I've been laughing out loud and loving this so far XD I definitely recommend it ESPECIALLY since we finally got a R-18 otome with a FREE adult patch! Like c'mon that's a miracle right there and I'm dying to get some more adult otomes (or just more otome's in general) brought to the west. So let's show these companies how big the fanbase is! We want more otome pretty please! :D"
,Recommended,640990,34927763,Posted: 13 September,all,Kimchi Tea,"Some disjointed thoughts:- I can't comment on the literal accuracy of the English translation, but it was certainly fun to read. A lot of the jokes are based on wordplay and cultural references, and you can tell someone had a blast adapting them.- The fashion angle is just a setup for a silly premise; the game doesn't go into much detail about it, which could be disappointing if you were expecting more.- I love the protagonist and her great sense of [unintentional] self-depricating deadpan humor. Not a huge fan of the voice actress, though; she sounds way older than the character is supposed to be, and her shrieking is like 5x the volume of her normal dialogue.- Decent length (I finished it in about 8 hours, but it might be more like 12 if you let every line of dialogue play out completely). The individual romance routes are a bit short compared to the common route, but I felt the game overall was paced well and didn't drag.- I hate how in some romance games, it feels like the protagonist and their love interests are the only people who exist in the world, so I appreciate the small cast of side characters with sprites, voice acting, and a few memorable personalities, even if they don't play a big role in the story. (Also I totally want to romance Mao.)- Criticisms of  the body negativity and Saito's constant negging are totally valid. YMMV on whether the tone and premise are ridiculous enough for the humor to still work.- Some questionable anatomy in the H-scenes. (Removing mosaic censorship isn't always a good thing. Now I can't just imagine the artist knew how to draw a ♥♥♥♥♥.)- Despite the game's teasing of S&M elements, the sex scenes are very vanilla. That's what I expected and not a downside for me, but I do wish there had been a bit of role reversal in Saito's route like there was in Miki's.- The threesome route was a major disappointment. Instead of a good poly ending, it's just that the protagonist can't choose between the guys, so she dates both of them and everyone is unhappy. At least there's some after stories so it wasn't my final impression of the game.Overall, despite some nitpicks, I enjoyed this VN a lot and would recommend it. Definitely check out thedemo-- if the humor works for you and you like the protagonist's personality, you'll probably enjoy the full game with or without the adult patch."
,Recommended,640990,34877987,Posted: 11 September,all,nessacarstairs,"Ahhhh, all the otome games I've played till now have been so serious with deep stories and tragic characters... Fashioning Little Miss Lonesome is a breath of fresh air... not that I'm knocking the other games. I found myself staying up all night playing this and loving every moment. I've completed Miki's route so far and several of the silly endings... though I have no intention of stopping till I 100% this game!Miki and the protagonist are idiots, but not in an annoying way with Saito to balance the trio. I relate to him on a spiritual level... haha. I thought I'd be dissapointed by the lack of choice the three characters really mesh well with one another, you'll enjoy this adventure. Dialogue is full of silly referances and wity jabs at each character's personality, I f you can make me laugh you've won me over.When I first saw ads for this game I was a bit turned off by the artwork on the guys but the scenes are really nicely drawn and quickly won me over! (Saito make's a silly pursed lip face that cracks me up every time!)The H-scenes are blush worthy and I think the boys look the BEST during these scenes I'd wish they were drawn like that the whole time... but then that wouldn't make these scenes such a treat~ anyway headphones... headphones are a must!Thanks MangaGamer for making this game available! Keep up the good work, I'm behind you 100%!! (Your otome games I mean...)"
76561198087829022,Recommended,640990,34903850,Posted: 12 September,all,taina psilva,"Hi, i played various Otome games and adult otome games too.The comedy make this very enjoyable, and there is nothing that can be considered offensive.Art - Meh, this is average, not so amazing but is cool.Bg Art - Amazing, this is pretty.Gui - Cool, Save notes this is so good, like this is impossilble missed some.Sprites - Meh, but Pretty, no amazing but enjoyableSkip: a little slower than other games I've played.Commum rote long: This is so common in otome games, so Skip is important. In the Visual Novel Database you have a list of games that have this, I think it's cool take a look when acquiring a new Visual novel.Story - Funny and light, for that side of the world perfect choice, the other adult Otomes are a little heavy.MC - LOL, Ema is so Funny, and The ends, LOL very funny.I did not have any bugs, and I played that in my notebook. The only problem so far and with the F12 that whenever I try to use loads the quick save is this annoys me because I love taking prints.this is my guide I did while playing, if it is useful for anyone:http://visualnoveleoutrosgames.blogspot.com.br/2017/09/fashioning-little-miss-lonesome.htmlI got all the achievements, there are only those of the bonus scenes."
,Recommended,640990,34840028,Posted: 9 September,all,Celianna,"I had zero expectations going into this game - but I was pleasantly surprised! The translation is fantastic (although if I see the word 'prostrate' one more time, I'm going to gag), and it really helped deliver the humour. The comedic timing of the voice actors is splendid, I especially enjoyed Saito's spluttering whenever something crazy happened.There were many laugh out loud moments for me!There's a free adult patch on the publisher's website. It's my first time playing an R-18 otome game. If you're expecting something traditionally otome elements, you're out of luck. This game does not strive for that 'doki-doki' feeling of being romanced by hot guys. Instead, it tries to make you laugh, and sometimes you get thrown into a random sex scene. The sex scenes are alright, although the CGs throw me for a loop because they can't keep a consistent face for the characters so they look different each time. The balloon breasts are also a pretty big turn off.The voice acting is pretty good, for the guys. The MC screeches so much during the sex scenes though, it was like hearing nails on chalkboard for me. Thankfully you can mute individual voices.Speaking of the MC, she's a pessimistic foreveralone gal, and easily misunderstands (with hilarious results) what people are saying. She keeps thinking Saito is part of the yakuza (gang members), so she keeps muttering stuff like ""of course you'd know that, you have connections ..."" and Saito is like ""... Wait, what?"" Easily some of the best moments!The plot is ridiculous, but the entire thing is ridiculous, and Fashioning Little Miss Lonesome runs with it and tries to get you to laugh. I think there are multiple endings for each guy (plus a threesome ending), but I guess I got a pretty lackluster ending that made me go ""Wtf, did I skip a couple of scenes? What's going on?"" but the epilogue tied it up, thankfully.10/10, would step on Miki again."
,Recommended,640990,34883453,Posted: 11 September,all,Ｊ．Ｄ．,"​​I was initially apprehensive about getting the game because it only had two dateable dudes but I liked what I saw when I checked the official Japanese site and because I am a sucker for comedies.And boy hilarious it was! Every situation they encountered, the trio always have a knack of turning it into something funny, whether it's through their actions, reactions or conversations. I even got a laugh out of muting or un-muting the characters in the settings, which would prompt them to say some really funny stuff, like Miki will ask if you're muzzling him because it's a sex thing or something LOL!Stories with too many endings tend to put me off but I couldn't get enough of the endings in this game because they are just so hilarious, even if some are really totally random. It helped that there is a ""skip to next choice"" button, which is really a time saver when replaying for the different endings.I also like how the language wasn't censored or ""toned down"". Granted, there are a lot of cuss words thrown here and there ever so often (especially by Saito) which maybe some people might find offensive? But I don't really care because I think it's very reflective of how some of us speak in real life and also because it made Saito's exasperation all the more hilarious.The sprites are decent and have a range of expressions including some really novel and funny ones, like MC's censored duck face LOL. There are also a fair amount of CGs and the mature content CGs are uncensored. Yup, name me another game where the H contents are not censored but MC's duck face is LOL. Almost all of the CGs have expression/movement/posture changes to go along with the story or conversation and you can access them all later in the ""Extra"" gallery afterwards.The ""Extra"" also include collections of adorable chibi CGs and scene replays, music and voices. You can actually ""favorite"" the voices while reading the story by clicking on the heart icon and save it to the voice collection for replay later. I only realized that much later so you bet I'll be replaying the story to save all the cool voices and funny quotes LOL. So two thumbs up for all these extras.Speaking of voices, I have to say that I'm impressed. The voice acting is really top notched. There was a scene where Saito yelled at the MC (yet again) and midway yelling he is just like oh ♥♥♥♥ this I'm done and you can actually hear the ""resignation"" creep in. Like a deflating balloon. Soooo good it's creepy. The voice actors really got the nuances down. I got a kick out of Saito's constant yelling (and Miki's begging) LOL. Plus, it was also a nice surprise to see the MC voiced as well.I think the story and voice acting alone are more than worth it. Lots of laughs, lots of fun. And it's entertaining as hell. I didn't start out ""falling in love at first sight"" with these guys but I grew to like them over the course of the story. Personally though, I'm leaning more toward the S camp, aka Saito, even though I also find M camp Miki to be adorable. Welp, I probably like 'em sadists.The only cons I can think of this game is that there are only two date-able guys. Of course, quality is always better than quantity but truth be told, I'd have love to date Marin too LOL!On a side note, I think it was pretty awesome of the developer/publisher to offer the adult patch as an addon for free for those who enjoy mature content. I didn't had any trouble installing it and I liked that I could easily switch the H-content on or off with just a click of the button in the game after it was installed. I hope the developer/publisher will consider translating and bringing Kami-sama Nante Yondenai to Steam as well!All in all, no regrets buying this game and I don't want to spoil anything but I'd STRONGLY recommend completing the game and unlocking ALL the achievements. Seriously, do it. You won't regret it. At least I didn't LOL.★★★★ but I'll round it up to ★★★★★ because as Saito would probably yell ""WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ WOULD IT BE WORTH ANYTHING LESS?!"""
76561198381042622,Recommended,640990,34886094,Posted: 11 September,all,HolyRav,"Visuals/Art: 7/10Story: 6/10Lewdness: 7/10Characters: 7/10Choices: 6/10In this game you follow your female protagonist who is more or less forced to become a supermodel.The story is quite funny because the characters are quite silly and there is lots of lewd tension going on throughout the story, with two implicit scenes for each story arc.There is replayability in this game, because you unlock additional story arc, like the 3 route by playing through all the others. The choices are okay, there are some fun ones, others are just for choosing doing an event with boy A or B.The story is comprehensive, the characters silly and likeable and the VN is suitable for westeners I'd say.The game I'd say is solid good I'd say. Its nothing new or exceptional, but a well crafted Japaense Visual novel with a good english translation compared to others. If you are into lewd visual novels, I recommend you buy this one."
,Recommended,640990,34927400,Posted: 13 September,all,Naruchin ☆,"An exceptionally well localized visual novel that is fun and funny, with a free adult content patch, tons of endings and 2+1 routes.The script is definitely the strongest point of the game; not because of the plot itself, which is a lighthearted school rom-com, but because of the interactions between the characters, their references and jokes. They aresavagessometimes in their reads, and the game can get quite meta.The common route is pretty long and there are lots and lots of joke endings.I liked Miki's route the most. He's very intense and that works well with Ema, the MC, since they share social clumsiness and general weirdness. He was extremely sweet during the H-scenes, constantly checking on her.While I like Saito as a character, as straight main of the trio, I didn't really care for his route. It's not as bad as I read some reviewers describe it, but it's not really fulfilling in the romance department, and his H-scenes aren't kinky enough to make me care for them. They have undertones of forcedness that might turn off some.The 3some route, unlocked after getting the first 17 endings, wasokay. A campy bonus to contextualize some H-scenes, but really too short to be considered a proper route.The only reasons you might not want to read Miss Lonesome are some TWs: social anxiety gets played off for laughs; the guys are quite forceful towards the MC in changing her (which include dieting with a side dish of fat shaming); the H-scenes in Saito's route can feel a bit rapey and the premise for the 3some route is as well.If you think you won't mind the TWs, it's a very nice break from the usual overly tragic VNs with half of a school as the cast and hidden supernatural elements."
76561198243300976,Not Recommended,640990,34892381,Posted: 11 September,all,Kotatsu,"Here we go, I'm writing my first ever negative review. I wouldn't normally do this, but this game was just terrible. There were some enjoyable aspects of the game, but there were just as many issues I had with it, if not more. Prepare, this will be long.I'm reviewing the steam copy with the free adult patch added to it. Please note that I have only completed about 75% of Saito's route and none of Miki's.I honestly am not sure I can finish it because of how upsetting it is. I'll start with the best aspects of the game and progress to the worst.Translation: 10/10The translation is wonderful and appeals to many western memes and jokes. I hardly found any awkward parts of dialogue that were lost in translation.Voice acting: 8/10It is rare to find a VN with such love and enthusiasm put into the voices. I loved all of them (especially Saito's) but I absolutely couldn't stand the MC. She spends 80% of the game whining, wailing, grunting, and groaning. Also, her shrill voice during the adult scenes was so terrible I had to turn it off.Comedy: 7/10I feel the need to create this section for this game specifically. I found myself laughing out loud in a few of the scenes, especially the mushroom and aerobic step ones.Artwork: 6/10The art was very average. Most of the sprites were done decently, but Saito's expressions and many of the CGs look weird. The few background scenes were done well.Soundtrack: 5/10Again, very average. There are ~15 songs and they get the job done in most of the scenes, but sometimes the music felt innapropriate. Some of the soundtracks started grating on me after a few hours.Story/Pacing: 2/10The second-worst thing in the game, and obviously a large part of it. The common route is about 6 hours-- WAY too long for a common route. I was sitting around waiting for some romance to actually happen. Once Saito's route started, I counted one time that he was romantic and then after three hours they suddenly have sex. The rest of the time, he just treated her terribly.Sex: 1/10Their first sex scene was awkward and literally came out of nowhere. No romance, no build up, no sweetness. Isn't this supposed to be an Otome game? Also, I imagine the MC is probably a virgin. There was absolutely no discussion of this AND they didn't use a condom. Ugh. I'm not usually one to nitpick details but this was just unrealistic. Also, it was surprisingly vanilla considering how much they advertised Saito's ""sadism"".Overall tone: 1/10The absolute deal-breaker for me.The game is very negative on body image and self-esteem.  The MC is constantly pressured to stay fit and criticized for her diet. She's  called ""piggy"" ""sow"" and ""dumb b*****"" almost every scene by Saito. It was beginning to feel extremely  degrading, frustrating, and sexist. I don't know how we are supposed to like him at all. He is a disgusting character and cruel. I get that he is supposed to be a ""sadist"" but there is a fine line between that and just being a jerk. There is a bad ending where the MC overeats and gains weight. The guys get so disgusted they drop her. Seriously? This is a game for women?Furthermore, the MC suffers from social anxiety and low self-esteem. Whenever she expresses her frustrations or says something self-deprecating, both of the guys  ignore her and Saito even makes fun of her further. Great.Overall: 5/10 or 2.5 starsI'll probably attempt Miki's route, but I dont expect it to go well. I understand that this game is supposed to be a comedy, but most of it was not funny--just horrible and negative. It is also hardly an Otome or romance of any sort.EDIT: Look, I personally didn't like this game. If you want to try it out for yourself, get the demo. I'm not forcing you either way. Many people loved the game. Maybe you will too.If you don't think this game is for you, look for Cinderella Phenomenon or Amnesia on Steam."
76561198310180520,Recommended,640990,34909450,Posted: 12 September,all,Akira,Well it was entertaining. It made me laugh. But this is not your typical kind of otome. I finished one route and there wasn't doki doki moments at all.
,Recommended,640990,34890739,Posted: 11 September,all,noryn4rlp,This game may not be that long but it's awesome - now if only I could get a good BL game...I love the sadist and masochist otome dudes - this is hilarous and fun!Great plot and great writing and other stuff :D
76561198328986186,Recommended,640990,34846131,Posted: 9 September,all,peyveste93,"I absolutely love this game. It is hilarious, the localization/translation is on point. The translator did a great job with wordplays and references. The game is still pretty lenghty despite only having 2 routes to play through which is great. In the game the characters do make a reference to the other otome game of Kalmia8 called Torikago no Marriage and I really hope MangaGamer gets the rights to localize that one and more rated Otome games in the future."
,Recommended,640990,34847495,Posted: 9 September,all,HarunoTC,"I was dubious about the meme's but I'm super in love, and have laughed plenty. I feel 50/50 for a while with how the guys were, but it became great and I'm not even that far in. Genuinely in love, would buy for other friends too. <3"
76561198274146483,Recommended,640990,35080477,Posted: 20 September,all,Quipsy,"Well! The opening says the guys are awful, and boy, are theyever!Above all else, this game is hilarious and totally self-aware. I laughed out loud numerous times, even directly after I was left cursing the game's two (massively annoying and totally punchable) suitors. If you're going to play this, I'd do it mainly to experience just how incredibly silly it is rather than for the romance. It's definitely secondary to the nonsense the leading trio get up to, and I'd recommend it on that alone. The boys are huge, annoying idiots, the player character has a distinct personality and is (almost always) just as capable of throwing it back as she is of taking it, playing off of them fairly well. The script does not insult the audience by placing them in control of a gently cooing ingenue. Your player character is (rightfully) annoyed and snarky. There ought to be more characters like her (and writing like this) when it comes to otome games! (As others have mentioned, however, the ""suitors"" are forceful and absolutely will not let the heroine get out of their harebrained scheme to change her and turn her into a model, leading to all sorts of infuriating situations. I wouldn't recommend this if you are particularly sensitive to any of the situations you've seen highlighted by others.)Moving along...This game looks fantastic, for the most part. The title screen, the menus, and everything having to do with the system looks absolutely fantastic. It's colorful and dynamic, with great integration of the ""fashioning"" theme with the fabric scraps here and there. It's just really, really great to look at--which is more than I can say for the sprites of Miki and Saito, who... don't exactly look 100% right. They're fine in CGs, but as far as the sprites go a lot of thegirlsthat show up make better bishounen than them. Saito seems to have it a little worse than Miki, who just looks... dopey. Saito's shocked face and :Y face in particular are the worst. Because of how silly their sprites both tend to look, it's easier to accept them as comedic protagonists than romantic ones.Comedy is where this story shines. It's hilarious. I've already said this, but I feel like I need to repeat this: This story isfarfunnier than it is romantic. I'd say the highlight of it aren't the good ends, but the pleathora of joke endings. Trying to get as many of them as possible was what I was focused on for a good while, they're all worth at the very least a snicker. (Hell, I'd consider some of these joke endings to outright bebetterthan the actual endings.) The story is so heavy on comedy and the suitors are just soawfulthat in my opinion it made it feel like the romantic moments just... came out of nowhere. Miki in particular has a very jarring romance. One moment you're laughing, the next you're apparently supposed to feel something. It's pretty odd. Saito feels a little more well-rounded, but... it's still Saito. In the end I'm not sure what the protag sees in either of them, but... hey. It's an otome game. This sort of thing happens.The voices are okay. Miki can get kind of annoying, as can the protagonist, but it's nothing that turning them down a little (or off completely, if you'd like) can't fix. My main gripe is the gross ASMR smoochy kissy noises. Look... nobody needs to hear that. I'm going to be real: It sounds like someone desperately trying to suck a stuck starburst off of the back of their front teeth. I didn't go and download the R18 patch so I don't know what went down during the love scenes, but if there were this many overly wet sounds in the all-ages version I dread to think what totally bizarre sardine-in-a-mayo-jar SPLORTCH sounds took place.All in all, I enjoyed this game. Saito and Miki are (really) exhausting, but the fun was worth it. It's definitely not for everyone--an appropriate way to put it is that this game is the otome version of a ""teen sex comedy."" It's super-silly, kinda dopey, kinda lewd, the main trio all have various things that are really unlikable about them, but there's humor and heart in it... and if that's what you're looking for, you'll find it here.(A note: There's no way to change the keybinding for this game as far as I can tell, which can make it troublesome if you'd like to screenshot something since F12 quickloads. You could change your screenshot key, but...)"
,Recommended,640990,34896747,Posted: 12 September,all,Velvet,"WOW OKAY WHAT A RIDESo, FLML was a really refreshing look on otome games, especially R18 ones. I def recommend to the more seasoned players of otoge.As someone who's kind of used to a lot of cutesy and sugary sweet word from anime boys, mixed with harsh and dark plots, this is such a nice spin on the idea of dating sims. The Slice of life with mild plot, combined with a lot of humor and slapstick is so nice to see. It's actually been quite some time since I last laughed at an otoge.WARNING, THERE'S A LOT OF CONS TO THE GAME AS WELL-It advertises S&M, but you rarely get that, at most it's softcore with a lot of common dirty talk.-Saito is kind of a jerkwad at times, so if you only want love and romance, I don't think this is a game for you.-This game, while being an otome game, can tend to lean (quite a bit) on the nukige side (a game meant for men to get easy porn material). While the MC is female, I can see how this appeals to both genders because of the humor and sexual content.-I really loved the translator's ability to localize the comedy, but sometimes I was offput by the switching of english words to spanish for ""foreign language"" sake, but that's just me nitpicking.Overall, a good game with not too much sweetness, but just enough love.Saito ""F u ck boy"" Shinjou"
,Recommended,640990,35117364,Posted: 21 September,all,VinylScratch,I love this visual novel one of the greatest and funny visual novel i enjoy every bit of it 10/10 for me at least
76561198088054584,Recommended,640990,34901857,Posted: 12 September,all,SirKenny ケニー,Masterpiece 10/10
76561198145044618,Recommended,640990,34875007,Posted: 10 September,all,yudi_baka,An Otome game that has way to much fun. I find myself busting out in laughter all the time. I love the characters and even the atmosphere sinces it seems very fun.
,Recommended,640990,34874911,Posted: 10 September,all,Crazyforin Anima,I got triggered that I only completed 99.9% of the game. 9/10 would play againBut in all seriousness the game is very nice with no translation issues that I have seen and is worth the $20 that it is currently priced at. The three main characters are very fun to interact with their own issues and dreams. The romance isn't forced and the progression for the characters flowed together very nicely. All the endings in this game were very creative to say the least and one of the few games I actually decided to find everything personally without a guide of course.If you're looking for a very nice otome visual novel then this is for you while the h-content in the game is completely optional and free aswell if you bought it directly from the steam store and not from MangaGamer
,Recommended,640990,34978198,Posted: 15 September,all,Basileus777,"This is probably the funniest visual novel I have read. It's well localized and the dialogue flows really well. I'd recommend it not just to otome fans, but anyone looking for a good romcom."
76561198062296741,Recommended,640990,34907434,Posted: 12 September,all,setokaibafan,"Even though I feel a slight disappointment after playing through Saito's, Miki's and the 3P route--I'd still like to recommend this game since the overall experience of it is something I wouldn't want to miss.I liked the game, the characters and the light story since it was a nice change compared to other Otome games I played recently. However, I do feel like I need to point out why I felt dissapointed.I personally really liked Saito as a character, despite him being all but friendly towards the MC at first.+possible Spoilers be warned+While playing through the route (and the bonus scenes later) I felt a bit sad about the fact that there isn't really a 'proper' kissing CG with him. Their lips never truely touch. But I didn't think much of it until after I played through Miki's route, which has two or three scenes with proper kissing CGs and not just the sound of smacking lips and you have to imagine the proper image for yourself 'cause connecting lips to each other is kinda difficult or something--that and the promised ""I love you"" the MC demanded from Saito that never really happened (as far as I can recall) while Miki actually offers that a bunch of times, left me frustrated and like Saito's route was just.. half-bummed. Don't misunderstand, it still had some cute scenes here and there and I wouldn't want to miss it, but that's how I felt after playing Miki's route and the adult scenes in the 3P route only made that thought sink in further, since even there are scenes where Miki is kind of stealing the spotlight, while Saito just leans back and grumbles to himself but otherwise letting it all happen without much protest about it..However, that's just a personal opinion or rather how I experienced it. The game is otherwise really funny and got me to laugh quite a few times and is an overall nice experience even if it has some flaws here and there."
76561198134659926,Recommended,640990,35142623,Posted: 22 September,all,burningmimsy,OMFG. This game is hilarious. This game is best.Get this game and you will win at friends. I learned how to human through this game. It taught me how to ride a bike and it bought me ice cream. My life is super lucky since I got this game.  This game is how to friendship and you can too.Just buy the damn thing.
,Recommended,640990,34854522,Posted: 9 September,all,Blockofbloowood,"A few hours in, and I must say, this is one of the most hilarious otome games I've ever had the pleasure to play! Protagonist being adorable and likeable is a big thumbs up for me! Love this game to bits!"
76561198031914924,Recommended,640990,34872724,Posted: 10 September,all,Symphonique,"All three of the characters are so cute with funny personalities and I don't regret buying this game at all. Even in the lewd scenes, the romance is very natural and not forced unlike a lot of other ecchi otome games. ; u ; This game had me laughing as much as it got me hot and bothered! I love this game so much!"
76561198198940882,Recommended,640990,34857559,Posted: 10 September,all,Miriel,"Well, that was fun...  The interactions between Ema and the do-S Saito and do-M Miki were hilarious.  Ema's constant misunderstandings about... basically everything,causing her to (amongst other things) believe that Saito has connections with the yakuzawere very entertaining.  The translator(s) did a really good job preserving the humour from the original text.  The game is fairly short, and took slightly less than 16 hours for me to fully complete.There's a free trial available on the MangaGamer website if you aren't sure about purchasing the full game.  The MangaGamer site also has a free patch enabling the adult content.Would recommend the game regardless of whether it is on sale or not; it was that fun.10/10"
,Recommended,640990,34840497,Posted: 9 September,all,Nagaplz,"Working my way through finding all the endings, this is such a great otome. I caught myself laughing aloud multiple times-- the three main characters are amazing."
76561198262640945,Recommended,640990,34848830,Posted: 9 September,all,Cicirae,"Oh my goodness! XDI've played this game nearly completely now and I have to say it was so worth the 20$ I paid for it.I swear I was constantly laughing!Now, I normally wouldn't write a review even if the game was good but this time, this time it was just that worth it! I was really impressed and I recommend it to anyone who plays Otome!"
76561198255960253,Not Recommended,640990,35050571,Posted: 18 September,all,Acrystar,"This game is a real disappointment ! I'm even totaly mad about it.On themes like self esteem, bullying and so on, you meet a guy who loves to treat you like a woodlouse. You run almost naked in the street to escape this strange guys and the policeman bring you back to them, never asking if they do anything to the girl or what?! A girl in fear and almost naked brought back to some guy's house she doesn't even know by the police???!!! That's nonsens! And they put guilty on her to try to escape?! WTF! If I was her I would have punch the two guys in the face and the policeman too!So if I resume, if a guy wants you to put vulgare clothes for art's sake, you need to do it, have no objection and let his friend enjoy to degrade you... What sort of message is this?! Is this really the way to give her ""the makeover she needs to be a star?"" Well if you think reality show stars maybe... But if you have self respect don't do that!And the bad end ""gothic lolita"" (cause I didn't want to put that lewd clothes on) brings me into a satanist sect or something?! So cliché! I bet this sort of thoughts are style actuals... poor world.So I'm going to desinstall this thing and never want to heard of it anymore, this is definitly not a game for me."
76561198068001526,Recommended,640990,34894671,Posted: 11 September,all,Strongpap,"This game is amazing. Everything about this game is amazing. The translation is absolutely PERFECT!!! I have never played an otome game where the japanese to english transl. actually felt so...natural. They talk like how people their age would in english and it's incredibly refreshing. The characters are super funny when they all get together and the game has some pretty good humor throughout it too! And did I mention it has sexy times in it? Cuz whooooo boy are they sexy~If you like otome games and always wished they had a little more ~spice~ to then you need to get this game. Like, now. And if spicy ain't your thing there's a non R18 version too, so everybody wins!In total, BUY THIS GAME IT IS SO WORTH IT."
,Recommended,640990,34979505,Posted: 15 September,all,General Waifu,"After getting all the achievements: This is by far the best Otome game I've played. Not many are translated to english, but I've played quite a few.The main character's concept is quite original and really, really well played (Except for one single conversation where they made her want to do something for ridiculous reasons). The development she has during the story feels just right, it's a bit different depending on the route, but it feels like it's still her and not an irrecognizable change. The art is cute and well done and the voice acting is superb. Both of the guys are also interesting and well designed. I like one more than the other, but that'd be personal tastes. Most of the bad endings are pretty amusing too.I absolutely recommend this VN if you're looking for a good one with an equally good female protagonist."
76561198128350743,Recommended,640990,34977798,Posted: 15 September,all,Melodya,"This game is quite nice and funny, at many parts I really had to laught, the Characcters are all so different but together they are funny.I do miss a bit to choose more answeres between many dialogs, it would have been a bit more Interesting to gain more answere choices and maybe making this harder to get all endings.But I like it and recommend it to others, even if you just need a good laugh or (like others said) you can download a Free Adult patch if you like the Adult scenes~Enjoy! :3"
76561198029721827,Recommended,640990,34982806,Posted: 15 September,all,707 Trash (´• ω •`),"I liked it and i had some very funny moments with this visual novel. The bad endings are some of the funniest i have seen, haha. Like the one in Saito's route where like every girl goes crazy about Ema.Uhm, just a comment. I just hope we can one day get more serious visual novels xD I mean it is funny and all, but why do Japan always get the good things like Brother Conflict, Uta no prince-sama etc.  While we are stuck with this one, Hatoful Boyfriend,  Dream Daddy.. We get the weird ones xDTake us seriously Japan!  T_T Anyway, i still loved it."
,Recommended,640990,35009812,Posted: 16 September,all,Vechernyaya,"I still haven't played the game, but I'm already giving a good review for Mangagamer H content policy.One of the rare VN publisher that is customer friendly.Keep up the good job, there is a lot of interesting game that you are currently translating, and you can count on me in the future."
,Recommended,640990,35024336,Posted: 17 September,all,shirosz,I love it!It's abslutely hilarious! I reccommend for any otome game fans.
,Recommended,640990,34985616,Posted: 15 September,all,Lame.png,"At first I was worried about the game not being worth its price, but I was quickly proven wrong. I haven't finished the whole game yet, but a few minutes in and I've already decided to finish this game. The MC is an interesting character that's both comedic and down to earth. It would seem that she'll be a fun character to follow. The two main guys are hilarious and the chemistry between MC and them from the first prologue is amazing, they show now rush into making the MC and the main leads a have romantic interest. Everything feels natural meaning you get to get to know each character first and have everything build up. Both the voice acting and art are really good. The voices in the game are one of the best I've experienced, especially with MC, her voice actor seems to be really into this whole thing.UPDATE:I've finally collected all the achievement in the game and it was incredibly fun to do. All of the endings had their own charm. Upon finishing the game I immediately missed all the characters, I didn’t realize how attached I was to them until I’ve finished the game, each and every character meant a lot to me. This is one of the otome game that I would probably replay due to how good the flow and how fluid the development of the characters relationship grows."
76561198048863160,Recommended,640990,35385042,Posted: 1 October,all,Bass_on_Treble,"Fashioning Little Miss Lonesome was my first ever foray into playing an Otome game and I wasn't disappointed. The characters were all interesting and the dialog was amusing and well done. Several of the ""bad"" endings were really absurd, and ""*ahem* bad"" endings were well, quite good. There were a few resued parts between endings, but that was probably the only disapointment. I think I've begun to lean more towards Saito than Miki now though..."
76561198051854304,Recommended,640990,35312936,Posted: 29 September,all,Commander Ryn,"This VN is pretty funny at times, tries a bit too hard at others, but still manages to be pretty charming. The ""bad"" endings are absolutely worth it and some of my favorite parts of the game; they're just so damn funny. The CG's are also SUPER pretty and I enjoyed the voice acting from the three main characters. My only thing is that the routes aren't super long and since there's only two guys in this, the game ends up being pretty short. I would recommend it, but especially if it's on sale...also, if you're 18+, that adult patch tho... nice... Would love if more VNs targeting a female audience had those."
