user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198003576113,Not Recommended,641990,34435540,Posted: 23 August,all,Angust,"This is coming from someone who did not play the first Escapists game.I purchased the game with pretty low expectations. The youtubers displayed a horribly bugged version many weeks before release, and I was not naive enough to think they would actually fix it in time.I was right, but the game turned out to have more problems than expected. Instead of expanding THE SANDBOX with more cool stuff to do and cool ways to escape, the devs seem to have focused too much on scripted events.To summarize what I mean: There are only a few SANDBOX-ways of escaping, called ""Perimeter Breakouts"". The rest of the escape types are SCRIPTED EVENTS. It means you stand on certain spots while holding certain items in inventory and press ""E"" and you autowin. This lowers replayability significantly.• There are no workers who periodically take out trashbags or laundry you could hide in to later get picked up by trucks. Instead there is a scripted event on ONE spot in ONE of the prisons.• There is no way to hide in boxes being randomly shipped in, around and out of the prisons carrying simulated supplies. Instead just ONE scripted event in ONE of the prisons.• No way to bribe guards. Maxing their opinion of you does nothing.• No way to get released for good behavioral achievements.• No way to hack the security systems to remotely open doors.Speaking of rooms. On your map you see many different rooms. There are control rooms, maintenance, wardens office and some others. ""So exciting! I wonder you can do with those rooms!"" I thought. Sadly, the answer is often ""nothing"". You can't do anything cool in most of those rooms. They contain cool doodads that you usually cannot interact with. Some contain lootable props.• You cannot build teams or make friends in the social room.• You cannot hide in the boxes in the maintanence room.• You cannot shut down surveillance from the control room.• The desks in the guard rooms seem to have the exact same loot as in the prisoner cells.• You cannot do anything or loot anything in the wardens office, or even interact with the warden in any way.But sadly, the disappointments don't stop here.You literally can't interact with most NPC's other than guards and prisoners. You can't talk to them. You can't punch them. You can't bribe them. You can't do anything with them. They are decorations. Even the warden is just a decoration walking around.And then there is the crafting. At first sight you seem to have many different crafting recipes and abilities to make lots of cool stuff. To be fair, yes there are some fun SANDBOX stuff in there, but many of the recipes are pretty much useless except for certain jobs and the above mentioned scripted events. Like, why craft a ""cup of tea"" when you can't even consume it? Give it to a guard or prisoner to get an arbitrary achievement and raise their opinion of you by 10ish points? You could just give them some random raw materials instead for a better result.To summarize my opinion of this game:Positives:+ Has hardware mouse / raw input.+ Pretty fun sandbox and good for quite a few hours.+ Working towards and getting that escape can be exciting and satisfying.+ Nice graphic style.+ Fast updates have fixed many of the technical issues by day 3.Negatives:- DAY 1 DLC - This is commonly frowned upon for many reasons. Look it up.- Season Pass - An insult to your playerbase. The Steam store information states ""The Escapists 2 Season Pass will feature 3 brand new prisons to be released over the coming months"".This means TEAM 17 is less likely to allow workshop maps for some time, in order to monopolize all content and MILK the playerbase as much as possible.It also means you have not paid for the full game (which can be considered fine, but still a negative). But it further implies the devs will spend development time during the coming months on releasing MAPS instead of improving the actual sandbox, which would improve ALL maps simultaneously and increase DEPTH.- Game somewhat lacks depth and tries to hide this by adding a bunch of scripted events.- Game was released in an unfinished and heavily bugged state. It would need alot more development time to feel solid.- Game has some subjectively bad design decisions, such as the stat system, or the non-flexible (non-sandboxy) job-system.- The ""transport prisons"" are basically short mini-missions. They somewhat inflate the advertised number of prisons. They can also only be won through scripted events.-  The game has issues with stuttering.-Youtuber names can't be turned off.<-- Changed in update 7.- Controls can't be rebinded to mouse thumb buttons.- Many (all?) the scripted events are narrowly and unflexibly programmed. Some can only be completed in singleplayer, while others only can be completed in multiplayer. Basically you are locked out of content and achievements by only playing singleplayer. I made it to the front of the train through effort by knocking out all 3 guards, only to be met with a message saying something like ""You can not operate this train alone"".- Quests are also unflexibly programmed. If you get a quest to ""get me some duct tape"", you can not complete it by getting him some duct tape. Instead you must get the special QUEST ITEM duct tape.Overall, I feel the TEAM 17 devs have initially done a bad job on this one. But the game still has alot of potential, and I will keep trying it out as it gets updated.Edits: Less aggressive tone. Rephrased several things. Removed possible factual errors. Updated or removed text due to game changes from client updates."
,Recommended,641990,34826202,Posted: 8 September,all,Gamer Guy Alex,"I've heard many complaints about bugs from this game.  The thing is, most of them have been fixed now!  But people don't bother to edit or delete their reviews, and so this amazing game is still being called out for its bugs and YouTuber endorsements, meanwhile, both are gone!Major glitches:I have a solid 15 hours on this game in just over 2 weeks, and I haven't encountered NOT ONE of the major bugs listed in these reviews.  They've all been fixed.  A couple minor bugs, maybe, like someone floting on top of their bed, but prisoners and items changing randomly? That stuff is long gone!Multiplayer saving:A lot of people don't like how your items are saved in multiplayer.  Each player gets a cell, and there is one cell for the first player who joins, one for the second, and so on.  If you join second, get items, leave and then join back, someone could have taken your spot, and would have your items.  Initially, I disliked this too, but eventually came to see it's purposes.  It can prevent people from taking everything on the server, and just leaving.  Everything in their desk would be replaced with an NPC inmate's items until that player rejoined.  What if they didn't?  This could've created a huge exploit for trolls, and as a result, multiplayer wouldn't be fun.YouTuber and Streamer Inmates:One thing that even I disliked, was how NPC inmates could have YouTuber names and outfits.  Guess what?  Just recently, a feature was added to toggle these NPCs off!""Scripted"" Escapes:Some people didn't like these new escapes.  I really liked them.  Other people saw them as scripted, I saw them as something more exciting than a perimeter escape, and as a challenge.  It's true that it's just using certain items in a certain area, but it also adds some more variety to your escapes, and many of these new escapes require you to cooperate with another player.Prison Editor:One thing that this game was definitely missing was a prison editor, and with a season pass available to purchase, things weren't looking good.  However, it was just recently announced that a prison editor would be available in aFREEupdate!Lastly, the game fixes a lot of things that were wrong with the first one.  The one thing that I'm going to mention, is how guards could trace everything back to you through some magical, all seeing eye.  Good thing that was changed...Sorry about the rant.  I highly recommend the game!"
,Not Recommended,641990,34413321,Posted: 22 August,all,Spails,"I wrote a negative review that I was intending to change to positive once they fixed the game, but now I'm changing it to a real negative review.I was really hyped for this game. I watched so many hours of other YouTubers playing it together and was just eager to get my hands on it when it came out. Even after how bad they handled the first one.However, upon buying it there were a few issues I saw right off the bat.You can't even see some of the servers on the server list.This error is more forgivable because it's not something you would think of, but it is annoying nonetheless. I wanted to play Center Parks 2.0 on a server but none of them show up. It will show up for other maps, but not that one. It does this for a few other ones as well.This issue was fixed, nevermind.The multiplayer is poorly designed.Just overall, multiplayer is awful. Since I bought the game for multiplayer, I'm very dissapointed because they had time to fix it since so many YouTubers played multiplayer.The first problem with multiplayer is how it handles you as an individual.If you're not the host and you leave, you're going to lose all your stats and items. Your items go into a bad on the floor that anyone can pick up, and your stats vanish into thin air. It's super annoying if you need high stats to do a certain task and you have to build them up again if you quit.The devs even claim this is by design, so it's not even a bug, the devs are REALLY that bad.The devs changed multiplayer so you keep your stats, but if you leave and someone else fills your spot, they get your stats. Not exactly where it should be, it should be more like Minecraft's multiplayer where you have your own inventory, and a different inventory for each server.The second problem is the desync issues, this one is more game breaking than the last. Lag I can deal with, but desync is a huge no. When me and my friends were trying to break out of a prison, we had gotten out of the wall and were trying to make our way to the fence. To do this we had to avoid spotlights, no problem. However, the spotlights were in a different place on each one of our screens, and if we touched any of them the prison would go into lockdown and we would be knocked out. Unplayable.The third problem is some of the actions not working such as exercise equipment and jobs. My friend had this issue more than us, and he just could not rise his stats up because it wouldn't let him interact with any of the equipment. Also, the jobs are broken. In one map, the mining job won't let you grab anymore items after you've grabbed x ammount, so you can't complete your job. On another map, the quota rises so slowly that there is no possible way to complete the job.This one is more funny than game breaking, at least from my situtation. My friend glitched out and was able to walk into any cell he wanted during lockdown. So he was able to just leave his cell and come into ours. Not a big deal because he's a friend, but what if you're doing versus mode and someone uses this glitch to sabotage you? Not too fair especially because you probably won't have the glitch at the same time.RecapOverall, this game is a step up from the previous one in terms of single-player, but a lot of us bought this game for multi-player. This game is not an early acess game, and it never was. But it still feels like one with the state of multi-player.Especially when they released early copies to a bunch of YouTubers and had them, and they all complained about bugs they encountered, and the team didn't fix them before release.Sorry, but this game has so much potential if it weren't for the annoying and game breaking bugs."
,Not Recommended,641990,34416552,Posted: 22 August,all,im an artemis main,"I love The Escapists. The whole concept of the game is superb. The animations, UI, combat system, are all fantastic. But the amount of bugs I've encountered in less than 2 hours of gametime (3 crashes on the main menu, a further 3 in Center Perks 2.0) and it's just not fun. The multiplayer works, though not very well. Stats reset if a person leaves the game, which happens quite frequently given how many crashes me and my friends have experienced. It feels rushed, and it's such a shame because I loved the first game and was looking forward to the sequel. I'll most likely buy the game again once it's fixed, but as of right now, I'm getting a refund."
,Recommended,641990,34650750,Posted: 31 August,all,Painless,"The game is more than just a simple time waster.What it is, essentially, is a sandbox-puzzle game.You play a prisoner and your objective is to escape, naturally. You are given a prison with diggable floors, breakable walls, cuttable fences, explorable furnace ducts (classic), disguises you can use, and collectible items which include:Weapons (Of varying quality)Tools (Of graduating quality)Items of value (for using as bribes to other inmates or as valuables to make money from quests)It has a simple money system. Do ""quests"" and make some money. Use that money to buy items from other prisoners to craft the items you use. Sometimes you won't always get the same items, so your escape method must adapt to what's available.You also have a ""job"" system. This can be a way you can get materials, or even gain access to areas as part of your escape strategy. Even getting a job can be tricky if someone already has the one you want, and you must now strategize in how to make them lose the job so you can apply (assuming you have the right skill prerequisites).In the mean-time, as you're getting your items, building up your stats (required for crafting certain items, surviving combat, and other things depending on how you're trying to get out will decide what is important), you'll need to hide your materials and progress from the guards and possibly other inmates so they don't take things from you or blow your plan to heck, ALL while making sure you stick enough to the prison routine to avoid raising ""heat"" levels and attracting attention to yourself.Now, add in the fact that this is multiplayer, and suddenly you can now craft some very VERY interesting plans of escape.There is plenty to do for only $25, and there is likely more to come. It's a GREAT value if you like exploring, sandbox, or simple ""puzzle"" solving. Lots of room to experiment and try different things, and with the COMPETITIVE multiplayer, you can have some really funny and great moments trying to figure out what your friend is doing and screw them over as you make your own escape XDFull recommendation. Would buy again."
,Recommended,641990,34496155,Posted: 25 August,all,Jamesiekins csgogem.com,"All in all, I think this game shows alot of promise and with some updates will be truly ""sandbox"". In its current state however, its not worth the 20$ (+18 for season pass).It WILL be worth that with more content, music, overall smoothing of the game, but right now its a bit repeditive and you'd be better off to give it a month or two."
76561198017388752,Recommended,641990,34464076,Posted: 24 August,all,Berga,"This review is mostly for people who got the old game and thought it was fun but a struggle to grind to finish a single prison.1 day out and 3 updates in and its improving from what I already thought was a massive improvement from the first game.In the old game the skills deteriorated, you instantly lost when any lockdown procedure was initiated and it was an extremely long grind before the night, which was the only time you could save.They listened and took out deterioration, lockdown is now tense as the dogs are loose and hunting your butt but now you have a chance to escape. Finally the game saves on the host quitting.While I couldn't find any public games I liked, the main problem I faced was the host's ping but rocking up to a host on the eve of his escape to be escorted out through the vents and through his copious planning of an escape route set me up with good expectations.There’s still a grind to find items and make money.You still need a plan.And making it out will take the ingenuity and resources of up to 4 pals!Got to say I love it already!"
76561198056760920,Recommended,641990,34482967,Posted: 25 August,all,CmD0_,"Okay, I wanted the wave of early fixes to pass before I wrote my review, but I have to be honest, update or not, I still would've recommended this game. The devs showed they care with the 3 updates that they released within 48 hours of the game being out.Now, enough about the drama, what about the game? The Escapists 2 is the sequel to The Escapists, but how does it compare? I find that The Escapists 2 improved upon alot of what the first game had to offer, with the controls being reworked and the crafting being simplified(most recipes are available to players so they don't have to go looking arround for crafting notes forever). The new unique escapes give players something to aim for, a specific goal to reach, each of these having it's own crafts related to the escape.Multiplayer: While it's a good feature, you have to expect doing whatever prison you're trying to do in one session with the people that are with you, at least until the devs imlement a more permanent system for stats saving(they did implement a stats saving but it's linked to the cell each player occupies). That being said you can totally make it through a prison in one session so it's not really a problem."
,Recommended,641990,34443792,Posted: 23 August,all,.E N Z I N,"Awesome game!Had great fun to play this game with 2 friends!The only problem I had with the game, was that it wasn't saving the stats and progress the players (except for the host) had after reconnecting. But they fixed that with the 2nd update.They already had 2 50MB updates on the second day after the release, that shows that the developers are listening to their customers."
76561198070406038,Recommended,641990,34995732,Posted: 16 September,all,Gunter,"Alright, Escapist Escapist Escapist... The first game was amazing i loved it personally with all the prisons and the DLC maps man it was so good. The second game easily is better for reasons which i will be explaning. Firstly i will be explaining the big Pros for the game then the cons. So the Pros, One of the big things about Escapist 2 is that it has a ''Multiplayer'' Mode to it what basically changes the whole game. Having another player makes it so you have a completley diffrent escape with diffrent ways to escape each time. There are individual Items for the escapes and Cutscenes even what are really cool and in some cases hilarious. Some other things they have changed in the game are the gameplay aspects. The HUD Parts of the day, Fighting, AI interactions and a whole bunch more. The way they have changed all these are Such a Huge diffrence its crazy. I personally also love the tick system for the parts of day which makes it very neat. Also the GTA like Heat level wat is very fancy. Overall these are the main reasons i love this game. The levels, diffrent gameplay aspects and multiplayer.Welp now the cons.. Crashes, Lack of content, Multiplayer issues. These are mainly the big cons. When it comes to crashes these dont happen to frequintley but when they do it Sucks. These can happen in the middle of an escape or when your doing something important like making a key. I think they are currently Fixing the crashes what are amazing. Keep it up Developers :DNow lack of content. Currentley right now im getting extremely close to finishing th game AKA. finishing the last prison. Once you have done this and done the escapes for other prisons there is not much to do. You have versus mode (Which i hate :/) and thats really it. Although they will most likely be adding in more content this is a bit of an issue. Lastley Multiplayer issues. There are things in multiplayer which glitch the game. like joining into another players cell AKA. basically stealing there stuff and sometimes Huge lag in game which can result so extremely hard fighting and trouble getting around the prison. Stuff like this cant really be fixed (Lag) but it kinda sucks in multiplayer.Overall Amazing game and really cool multiplayer. if you have friends that are willing to play with you, 4 sure get this game. You wont regret it, 20$ very much well spent. I hope this guide was usfull and thanks for reading :)"
,Recommended,641990,34824319,Posted: 8 September,all,Xander,"Hey! I really like this game, it's super addicting!Although it needs a level editor like the first game..."
76561198142807161,Recommended,641990,34449944,Posted: 23 August,all,Rosh7X,"Alright, gotta right this review quickly so people can know about the knew patch. You have probably seen reviews about how buggy this game is for multiplayer. The newest patch for The Escapists 2 fixes the main problem, AND IT'S THE DAY AFTER RELEASE! This patch allows saving everything that connected players have done when they leave the game. They did this by tieing each player to a cell. When you join you are given your cell. When you have more than 2 players. the players need to join back in the same order as before to save each players stats. Hope this helps in your desicion to by the game. This update should make this game go to very positive very soon!PS - I, nor any of my friends, have encountered any crashes, even before the patch I mentioned.Cheers"
,Not Recommended,641990,34527936,Posted: 27 August,all,✪ Nytiee-iwnl,"I LOVE this game and I really didn't want to give it a bad reccomendation but the game at it's current state is really buggy glitchy etc, multiplayer is glitchy ( it doesn't save ) and the game crashes a LOT of times. I would rather just wait until they've fixed these bugs and we can play this game."
,Recommended,641990,34518402,Posted: 26 August,all,Redeyes,Game is a ton of fun the devs seem to have fixed almost all of the bugs (i have yet to notice any of them)Edit: Played mostly multiplayer as well as some single player and didn't have any issues.
,Recommended,641990,34629982,Posted: 31 August,all,GuruMatt,"I absolutely recommend this game if you love getting your regular shots of adrenaline.  Mistakes are harshly punished, so each escape feel like it carries real risk, and failure means hours of lost work.But that makes success all the more rewarding, and the challenge even more thrilling.  That plus tons of replayability means I'll be set for months!"
,Recommended,641990,34423503,Posted: 22 August,all,CraigChrist_,"EDIT: As of writing this edit, many of these bugs AND THE MAJOR ISSUE OF SAVING PLAYER PROGRESSION HAS BEEN FIXED. I will leave the rest of the review below as a testament to show that progress is being made, and especially what i said at the end: I had faith the developers would be listening and fix the issues people are talking about. I recommend it even more now, you should purchase this game.First and foremostlet me get this out of the way. Half of what I am about to say you can easily guess, based on any of the reviews below me, but I hope to provide some advice regarding the games development, and if you should purchase it.If you enjoyed the escapist (the first one) OR you dont care about coop/versus mode, that means you are probably ok with the singleplayer experience (as the original was a singleplayer game) and if that's the case then great, this is definitely a game you will enjoy and you should certainly purchase. I havent run into any singleplayer bugs and most peoples complaints stem from the multiplayer systems. The animations are crisp, the sounds are fun, the gameplay is enjoyable as always, the dialogue and banter is cute and witty at times (or at the very least not awful) and things like the combat are completely fine. So buy it.Now regarding the multiplayer aspects...I feel like I am beating a dead horse here but theres two glaring issues.- Firstly is the decision to make it so that players characters do not save in that prison save file. What I mean is this, when a player leaves (or a crash happens but more on that in a minute) and tries to rejoin, regardless of which character of theirs they choose all their items and stats will be reset.This to me seems like a terrible idea for a couple of reasons, the most obvious being that it turns the game into a grind fest for stats. Now yes the stats can easily all be maxed out in 10 minutes of min maxing (which by the way I dont like but honestly it seems intentional if you wanted fast paced drop in and drop out gameplay where players arent saved to a world I guess its better to have 10 minutes of grinding to recover where you were vs an hour) and yes the players drop ""swag bags"" of their inventory when they leave, but this isn't a satisfactory way to handle this, and the reviews here show that's the response.The best example I can give of this ""drop in drop out"" system working optimally is Starbound, players have a character that they create in that world. Any player who isn't the host can drop in and out of the hosts world and have their own inventories, ships etc, which in my eyes is the most elegant way to solve this. In fact I thought this was partially why there was multiple amounts of characters you can save in the menu, I assumed that when my friend 'Joe' joins which his character 'JoeShcmo' that THAT character would be saved to the prison we were in. So if 'Joe' joins with character 'Joey' thats a new character, his stats arent the same, hes a new inmate but the same player. I know you could argue that this maybe leads to weird exploits in some ways that maybe I cant think of, or maybe the issue of the cells being taken up is a problem, but I think that everyone would probably be ok with the cells resetting as long as the characters inventories and stats didnt at the VERY least. Maybe even not allow a user to join a prison, unless its with the same character they joined initially with to avoid that issue. In this example the people who joined can still drop in and drop out, heck they can still drop swag bags but as long as their characters cell and stats arent reset.But look, Im guessing that the game was made to be quick to play. But some people will take longer than others, and some prisons and some breakouts will take time, and even if its mostly quick stuff, it feels really awful to effectively punish players (especially when its a crash causing this grief) for playing the game at their pace.I've provided a few minor variations on how to fix this at this point, and I'm sure that team17 know their game and audience a lot better than I do, as well as any technical limitations so in fear of rambling on I'll summize what I said here with this;tl;dr Make sure that players arent punished for leaving or crashing (which is where we move to point 2..)- Secondly and more importantly is the bugs and crashes. Now the bugs I've run into are mostly minor. Sometimes players get slightly de-scyned, sometimes I cant click on things and have to fidget with the controls to gain back the ability to press E or space on any objects, occasionally the non-host-players only see food trays as white squares, and occasionally when a player leaves their swag bag says ""nobodies"" and you cannot loot it. But these are all minor in comparison to the crashes. The crashes in multiplayer are KILLER for gameplay (literally) because you always lose some amount of progress. This can be from the autosaves, so you lose a small amount of progress in the day which is almost always barely important, but more importantly this is awful for coop games especially those that are 3 or 4 players. In my experience the game crashed 3 times in coop within a 1 hour time period, I was streaming at the time and assumed that it must be the stream causing it. Stopped streaming and it happened once afterwords, and for the record this was only with 2 people, myself and another user. Its crashed afterwords once for me in a bigger game. Having 3 dissapointed players, that now are forced to grind for 4-10 minutes to get their stats back is obnoxious, even if it seems like a short time sync. Them losing items and progress in their cells is awful, and the fix of ""swag bags"" doesnt occur here (when they do work) when the host crashes because the game didnt save with those swag bags on the map. It creates a really frustrating experience where essentially all the players in the world are punished for a bug that was out of their control.I have absolutely no doubt in my mind that these crashes and bugs will be fixed in the upcoming weeks, I have nothing but respect and excitement for the team and what is to come of the escapist 2. I (being the cynical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I am) assumed and expected there would be bugs or gameplay issues regarding multiplayer, because1.) Multiplayer is hard and2.) The previous game didnt have it.So I get it, which is why I am recommending the game. I am putting my faith in the devs that they will tackle these glaring issues, gameplay and balance wise, as well as the technical issues. I hope in a month I can rewrite this review to include that all these issues were fixed OR are at the very least being acknowledged as in the pipeline of development to be fixed."
,Not Recommended,641990,34522913,Posted: 27 August,all,recentteen14,"It's a fun game and a huge step up from the first one, however it's also still a fresh release and there are still issues that need fixed, most notably there are still massive multiplayer issues as well as frequent crashes, some of which have the capability of wiping save data- which has happened to me and a few others already. It's still a fun game, and if you're willing to run it single player and persist with it through the crashes it can be quite fun, however I would only recommend it to you in that case. Do yourself a favor and wait for them to iron out the frequent crashes at the very least before you come into this one- it's still a great game, the devs just jumped the gun on the release, which is sadly the norm anymore.Update 9/3/17- As of updates 4-6 the stability was supposed to get better, however it has gotten much worse and wiped my data for the 2nd time. Due to this, I'm going to keep my recommendation at no, purely due to my own experiences with it. I wanted to say yes, you should get this game, but with the crashes being more random and sporatic then before (Yes, even on DX9 version), and it deleting my hard work 2 times over, I'm not going to be coming back to this, at least not anytime soon. It was fun, if they ever fix the crashes feel free to ignore my entire rant, but it's taken away nearly 40 hours of my work, I can't recommend it based on that."
76561198138881953,Recommended,641990,34449152,Posted: 23 August,all,"Ryder, Nigga","Pros: - Many hotfixes / updates- Fun Singleplayer and Co-Op Experience- Creative breakouts (up to 4 in one prison!!!)- Character customization- Good sense of humor- References to Youtubers and StreamersCons: - To enter a locked door with a player, you need TWO keys- Bugs ( but many fixes)- often there is only one option to escape with other players- Medics are WAY to fast- You can often only get one breakout tip and this isn't helpful if it's a singleplayer tipp and you play coopI know, lots of cons, BUT these are things that could change anytime! (except the escapes)But I played this game 24H since the release (3 days ago) and it makes crazy fun!!so...MUST BUY IF YOU SEARCH A GAME TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS"
76561198239493680,Recommended,641990,34445276,Posted: 23 August,all,Nicolae Ceausescu,"Yesterday when the game came out it had a lot of bugs and everybody rushed to write a negative review based on a couple of bugs, but today the game had an update and all of the bugs were patched and i hope that all of the people who reviewed this game negatively because of the bugs are going to change their review.In the end i want to say that the game is really fun and it is worth buying."
,Recommended,641990,35351755,Posted: 30 September,all,Hybrid,"The Escapists 2 is a great puzzle game. It's very similar to the first Escapist game but re-done and with added multiplayer. The game doesn't have spectacular graphics or music but makes up for it in their really in depth crafting, puzzle system. To escape you're really forced to use some intellectual skill and patience to figure it out.The game can be frustrating at times but it's highly recommended if you have friends and enjoy figuring out puzzles. It's a lot of fun once you begin to figure puzzles out and start to escape."
,Recommended,641990,34958910,Posted: 14 September,all,TheElm,"I have to give it a positive review. If you bought it right now, the product is good.I still have to nag on the developers a little though for choosing to release the game early, even when they probably knew that some of the bugs were still being problematic. On top of shoving big Youtubers in your face to get better publicity with them; every time you started a game you would get 2 - 4 Youtubers in your prison and I wanted absolutely none of that. Thankfully the chance of getting a youtuber is now less likely, and can be disabled.I never got into the first game because the play style never really interested me to do it on my own, but when I found out that this one was going to be multiplayer I was all about trying the shenanigans of it with my friends. Where you can just screw with eachother whilst trying to pull off jobs, especially in the versus mode.I got a lot of hours in unlocking prisons with one friend, and then another (who had never played before) jumped in right in time forArea 17. Chaos ensued as keys went missing, lockdowns occurred several times a day, and many beating occured. After fixing and stealing a UFO, we were all surprised to see get a B. So all in all it wasa lot of fun.Looking forward to a level editor and workshop prisons."
,Recommended,641990,34480117,Posted: 25 August,all,Squigeeper,"I never played they first game, but a friend told me about the second one. I decided to get it because it looked interesting. I really enjoy the game, despite a few bugs i found (which are mostly in arena). I am not going to give the game a bad review over bugs, because the game only just came out so there is still alot to be fixed, and if you look past the bugs its a pretty good game. I will say though, i havent really found to many bugs, but the few I have found are very annoying. In arena sometiems your desk will no longer become yours, making the hidden compartment dissapear, or the items will randomly dissapear. Also another player will be chasing me and hitting me from 15 spaces away with a tub of bleach. sometimes it wont let me out of my desk at all, and i must manually shut the progarm down fro mthe task manager, forcing me to quit the match. Singleplayer is fine, and networking with my friend is fine. I really enjoy the art style, the gameplay, trying to figure out the puzzles, and ESPECIALLY the soundtrack. Overall, this is a pretty good game for the price.PS: I would really enjoy it if they made a level editor so I can play community made maps or make my own instead of just the same few over and over. ;)"
,Recommended,641990,34488206,Posted: 25 August,all,Rumpus Bumpus,"I went into this game thinking it would be way too buggy, but to my suprise the game was pretty fun, with and without friends to play with. i ran into a few things that made me a little annoyed.They were mostly bugs with co-op like not being able to sleep, or training minigames disappearing, not to mention the watered down censor which can get really bad with words like ""Kill"" or ""Murder"" being censored. But the overall gameplay and ways to escape can be fun and challenging. It feels like an upgrade to the first game. I would give this game a 7/10, it has flaws but the good outweighs it."
76561198159500102,Recommended,641990,34454557,Posted: 24 August,all,ExecutivePenguin,"The Escapists 2 takes everything I loved about the original, and expands upon and improves nearly every aspect. It's hard to list every single improvement, but here are a few of the most notable ones-Improved visuals, sound quality, and music-More engaging and rewarding quests-A simplified crafting system-Improved combat with charge attacks and blocking-Doggies (ruff)-More customization options for the player and NPCs-Local and online multiplayerThe game is not without its flaws unfortunately. I have come across the occasional bug, but nothing too game-breaking. The multiplayer is a bit unpolished and could use some improvements, and the mobile prisons are not nearly as interesting as I thought and offer very few solutions to escape, however it is a nice change of pace from the traditional prison settingDespite these flaws it is still very enjoyable and I would reccomend it. If twenty USD is manageable and you loved the original, I would definitely recomend picking this title up."
,Not Recommended,641990,34419055,Posted: 22 August,all,Broken Icecream Machine,"Adds unwanted censorship into chat and lame youtuber scum into the game.Note: I do think the game is very well done, these two things just irk me."
76561198042104026,Not Recommended,641990,34419844,Posted: 22 August,all,Neon,Only the host has their progress saved...  What a brilliant design choice. The game also frequently crashes randomly. Refunded my 2 pre-orders.
76561198108528111,Recommended,641990,34516642,Posted: 26 August,all,graserr,"Keeps to the core engagement of the first game, but sands off many of the annoyances. I've only encountered one minor bug and it was patched the next day. Played mainly multiplayer, but have done both. Multiplayer was great and has improved in later patches. Multiplayer-only areas are a pain to enter, taking stamina, but this also makes digging/chipping in one more interesting. Most of the singleplayer non-perimiter breakouts arefartoo easy if you know how to execute them but also not required (In the classic prisons, which will be 95% of your time) Leaderboards are filled with day one escapes, even for mid-sec prisons, hoever, this is a blessing as well as a curse so long as you can resist the temptation to default to them and prevents frusturating prisons such as the infamous San Pancho from the first game from ending your game. Although, the level design has vastly improved, and the non-perimiter escapes do give you some options in how to escape. Youtubers now rarely show up, which is great because they were annoying. The character creator met my expectations, and didn't need to divert more work from the main game.  Your charater's dialouge is more utilitarian than I would like, sometimes to the point of breaking the fourth wall (i.e: ""I need another player to hold it open"" or ""I need to craft a(n) _____ to perform this escape"") If I could tweak or change things, I would make the non-perimeter escapes not require you to be holding an item to escape and focus on makeing the interesting or challenging to reach,such as the helecopter on the roof of The Glorious Regeme, but without the Fake Gun required to use it.Ultimately a very positive experience, and would reccomend it."
,Recommended,641990,35022596,Posted: 17 September,all,OwainDoesMC,Better Than Ever Cant wait for the new Prison Editor
76561198287515409,Recommended,641990,34650077,Posted: 31 August,all,ZLittleDude,"I personally love this game a lot. I have put 30 hours plus into the game and have loved every hour. I will say this game isthe most fun with friends but its still enjoyable getting all of those solo escapes. The only bad thing I can say about this game is that when it comes to specific items, it takes a lot of time to find. There was an escape where I needed the postal adress and had to wait 5 in game days to get it. Otherwise this has been one of my favorite games this year."
,Not Recommended,641990,34424829,Posted: 22 August,all,michelin man,"The game's main selling point was multiplayer, yet when I played it, I was not the host, We decide to stop playing and come back later, to find out the stats reset. How is it that a game that focused so much on multiplayer miss something this massive? The game also jerks off YouTubers and panders to that demographic to attempt to sell their half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Don't buy it unless you like uninspiring effort in your games."
,Recommended,641990,34667120,Posted: 1 September,all,darkmage350,Great game! i really enjoy it... even if i am terrible at the game. i love a good challenge
,Not Recommended,641990,35067896,Posted: 19 September,all,Hazen,"So, to begin with, I've played both the original Escapists, TWD Escapists, and now this. Honestly, I wish there were a 'meh' option. But, there's not. Aside from a few glaring issues, it's actually a pretty fun game. The new visuals are nice. It beats the style of the old game, hands down. The old style just felt lazy. You can make your own cons now. So that's fun. There's multiplayer, as well as splitscreen now. However, the negatives almost outweigh the positives of the game. While you can still have fun with the game, there are a few aspects that need nerfed, removed entirely, or changed.Let's start off with the obvious one. The dogs. In my opinion, they need to be completly removed, or heavily nerfed. They're invincible, and you can't even slow them down. They also keep attacking and hunting you once the lockdown is over. The dogs should either be entirely removed from the game, or atleast have something to counter them for the player. Maybe you could drop some food to distract them. Or knock them out. Or atleast reduce their speed, and ability to go anywhere the player can. There's pretty much no way to avoid them, as it stands. The second thing I think should be nerfed, or removed entirely, is the ♥♥♥♥ing medic. They serve a purpose, sure. They come and pick up knocked out players, prisoners, or guards. The problem is, like the dogs, they're about 2-3x faster than the player. So many lockdowns have been triggered because I was busy trying to craft a fake key, and the medic came along and ♥♥♥♥ed off with the guard. Then, when the guard woke, because I couldn't give them the key, a lockdown happened. Even if I drop the key, the dogs keep coming at me until they kill me. The two make a pretty overpowered pair. The medics cause a lockdown, and the dogs chew my ♥♥♥♥ing throat out. Then the medics come and take all my hard earned contriband. It's particularly rage inducing because once the dogs are out, you might as well surrender and go to solitary. Another thing that should be removed, are the silver doors. They literally block off entire sections of the map. In the first game, you could open them by starting a prison take over. That's been removed in TE2. You can still tie guards down, but there's no point. The medics will just swoop on by and take the guards, and flee. Another thing that should be fixed, is the RNG. I've literally been waiting 18 in-game days to find some ♥♥♥♥ing talcum powder. In the first game, it was so common that you were tripping over it every five seconds. In this game though, talcum powder is pretty much impossible to find. Meanwhile I can be roaming around with high end gear and materials out the♥♥♥♥♥ I can make enough super baseball bats to arm an entire prison, but getting some talcum powder is like trying to find a needle in a haystack.Overall, if those issues were fixed, I would recommend TE2. It's a fun game, but those can really ruin it, at the drop of a hat. Thanks to some ♥♥♥♥ing dogs, and a bunch of medics. The transport prisons are fun, and the new prisons are fun enough that you almost forget that RNGJesus hates you."
76561198213258600,Recommended,641990,34550398,Posted: 28 August,all,mcderd18,"Well, alright. Never done a review but finished this game (besides about 3 escapes) within the first 3 days of release.Pros:Fun levels.Fun escapes.Fun preperationAmazingly Fun Multiplayer ShenanigansIt's a puzzle but more fun.Cons:Friends aren't always on to do the multiplayer escapes, or willing to purchase game.Inverse, sometimes you'll get to an escape with a friend but its single player only.Hard to start.Rediculously easy once you find out that you can kite every guard with a mop or broom.RNG to get a certain item sometimes is the most difficult part about the entire game.Friend has to be commited. My main friend thought it was too easy and is finding it difficult to play.Apparently there are still some bugs people are having (I've had none, and they appear to be working on updates? Plenty came out at first but it's slowed down now.)It'sa good game, I believe it needs to be more difficult however. I find myself blitzing through levels, grabbing keys and escaping before anything bad can happen. I got a good probably 35 hours out of it, but I hope for more updates and more prisons and more escapes. I don't know if it's quite worth $20 but if you have a friend who's willing to grab it, it's a good time that ultimately needs more content."
,Recommended,641990,35030223,Posted: 17 September,all,TehTurtle,"Wow.They blew it out of the park.After originally watching YouTubers playing this game, I decided to buy it to check it out. I ended up playing 13 hours in 2 days.The game is very free and open, the graphics are clean and the interface is relatively easy to use. However, splitscreen multiplayer is an absolute nightmare.As for gameplay, it is ridiculously fun. From grinding out jobs and crafting items for unique escapes, from knocking out guards and taking their keys and moulding them, there is never a boring moment. I would, however, recommend having google on hand to help you find escapes. On HMP Offshore, finding the Trash Talk escape was time-consuming.Overall, this is a very complete game with only one glitch that I spotted - it doesn't like Area 17 Splitscreen."
76561198214345232,Recommended,641990,35023666,Posted: 17 September,all,GamerKing,"Escapists 2 is a difficult, but fun game to play. It makes you think about all the ways to can escape and how you can. I think that many people should have this game if they liked the first game or want a challenge to the first game."
76561198308686966,Recommended,641990,34823550,Posted: 8 September,all,redstonetravler,"This game is sooo much fun, I love it. Hope they add more prisons and updates, though if they do I might never stop playing this game XD"
,Not Recommended,641990,34504398,Posted: 26 August,all,Zenjion,If your getting this for multiplayer you'll want to wait. Single player has a few small bugs but multplayer is bad. Lots of issues with desync making life for who ever isn't hosting a pain in the butt.
76561198121900727,Recommended,641990,34458365,Posted: 24 August,all,Katamayo,"Ok let's keep this simple.Yes this had a very bad launch, and it was idiotic for the dev's to release it without it's patches to push it out, thus creating a lot of bad reviews, and complaints over the bugs on the game. The day-ish after two patches has been released fixing the bugs (Which I had only enountered like twice within 6 hours of play time)Honestly, I find this game very fun, and worth the preorder in my opinion. The animations feels smoother, more crafting even tho as a sequel, I find its still lacking a bit, theres a bunch of things it can be improved on such as more escape methods in more complex, routined ways.The multiplayer is fun, at first buggy to hell, and all, but currently not experiencing any from the patches, the game really does feel more fun when you can punch your friends lights out.Overall, problems at first, fixed now, hoping for so much more content in the future which im sure they will have."
,Not Recommended,641990,34419056,Posted: 22 August,all,Kash,"I cannot understand how this game has positive reviews. Aside from the random lazy af bugs, such as items not being picked up from the floor each day, pillows and bed sheets not resetting (this is a much bigger issue than you'd think), and there are the parts of the game that have changed for the worse for seemingly no reason, like the fact that regardless of if there are no witnesses, no cameras, anything, an infirmary staff will run across the map and take the person away.Then there's the actual reason most of us bought the game and most peoplea are considering buying the game, the multiplayer/co-op, however it just doesn't work. Jobs are unplayable, I had a friend doing waste disposal however his job quota would not go up because the colours he was matching up were not the same on my screen. No player other than the host's stats will save, so everytime your friends rejoin they will have to start their progress all over again, and they will rejoin multiple times because the game crashes so frequently in mulitplayer.Sitting on 1 hour played to see if they fix anything worthwhile in the day 1 patch, if not am going to refund, save your money, stick to the first game, at least until they fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥show."
76561198107362660,Recommended,641990,34426723,Posted: 22 August,all,Kira-san,"So first off its a rather fun game, and played with my friend who had no problem luckily with connections, only problem with this is that yes the stats,money and inventory of people other than host are lost whenever they leave the game, which should be fixed, and some bugs here and there. One thing I saw is how there were youtubers names in the game which kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off considering I dont even watch any of them that were in the game, I played one but didnt find it as fun so I got this game to play multiplayer which is somewhat broken as stated in other reviews, i would stick with it as it is a fun game at its core, but if you are turned off by the bugs and things as such I would say to hold off until they are fixed.EDIT:With the first and second update that they put out the bugs i was complaining about were fixed for the most part, was worth buying, give it a chance if you liked the first one."
76561198160776586,Not Recommended,641990,34426047,Posted: 22 August,all,Heather_Dianne,"This is my first negative review, and I'm sad that this game has to be it. I had such high hopes for this game - so much in fact that I pre-ordered it. But unfortunately, I refunded it.I'm a huge fan of the original Escapists game, so when I heard there was a sequel game coming, I was very excited. When I played the original game, there were a few things that didn't make the game perfect, so I was excited because I hoped that the developers would make the second game bigger and better than the first.The first thing that bugged me was the combat mechanic. In the first game, you pressed a button like tab that would switch between combat mode and normal mode - so you would almost never accidentally enter combat with a guard or inmate. But in this game, I'm pretty sure there wasn't an option like that because in my first runthrough, I accidentally started a fight with an inmate I wanted to talk to just by pressing the left mouse button. I didn't like that.Following up on that, the controls were confusing and I felt so rushed in the tutorial prison because they weren't giving me enough time to understand the controls and get used to them. I had to pause the game in the first official prison to look up the controls and read about them.Lastly (because I only played for less than hour so I would stay in the refund range just in case), I didn't like the character customization. Every time I would hit randomize to get new prisoners and guards, I would ALWAYS have at least two YouTube gamer prisoners, which - no offense - but I don't really like in-game. I also was really disappointed at the lack of definition in the difference between male and female characters. I am one of the people who got very excited when they said you could be a guy or girl escapist, as I'm female. But you couldn't tell the difference because the hair wasn't very gender-specific. Actually the only difference you could tell between them was the name you gave them.Like the other reviewers, I think the game was rushed. It's buggy, the mechanics are off, and the new features they offered didn't live up to their expectations. I think that when the game gets updates - and possibly fixes to some of these things (I don't reasonably expect all of these to change) -, I might purchase and play the game again. But not at this point."
76561198193722950,Recommended,641990,34507776,Posted: 26 August,all,Meow For Energy,"The Escapist 2 is a very good game!  I played the first game and the controls are a little bit different, but it's easy to start getting in the swing of things.  It's fun, multiplayer is great!  But don't worry if you join someone and think that the next time you join them your stuff will be lost!  The game saves for the people who join too!  It is very fun (for me) but there are crashes and bugs so be warned!So I rate this game a...9/10"
,Recommended,641990,34423842,Posted: 22 August,all,caseyc (VEGAN),"Fun little game, but very challenging!-FUN-Nice old school graphics-More methods to make your prison break.-Seems to give more times between reporting for 'duties' which is good, less tedious so far.-Gamepad support unlike the original.-Similar gameplay to the original, but some new features and ideas to add variety (not like TWD version tho).-Doesn't really have a save feature during missions.-A few bugs, got stuck in a vent, after I cut it and went up it was discovered despite sheets placed over the bars and the guard found it and I was sealed off in the vent so had to restart."
,Not Recommended,641990,34558136,Posted: 28 August,all,claiminglight,"If you want a goofy, arcade-like GTA-style game, this might be for you.If you want a sequel to The Escapists, this isn't that.(ome day, if they make some core design changes, I may revise this non-recommendation.)"
,Recommended,641990,34913772,Posted: 12 September,all,BoomKillCake,"Awesome game. Sometimes there's a couple glitches, but generally really fun to play!"
76561198096783857,Recommended,641990,35139003,Posted: 22 September,all,Super Cat Elvis,"this game is good fun, when it works, yes you read right it does not always work it has got better but the game still crashes and runs poorly i would still wait a while for the bugs to be taken out but if you really want it go for it, besides all that its still a good game"
76561198277317002,Recommended,641990,35409923,Posted: 2 October,all,Draxx,100% recommend it!
,Not Recommended,641990,34420176,Posted: 22 August,all,Robial,Crashes in less than an hour every time I play.Edit: Crashes less frequently now but there are still some major bugs in multiplayer.
,Recommended,641990,34433815,Posted: 23 August,all,Untrue,"Not a bad game. Better than the first one but still full of bugs. Had a bug where i was unable to take off a police officer uniform which causes the officers to hunt me relentlessly every time they saw me.  Worst bug i have run into so far is the desync on the prison spotlights, which mean everyone (apart from the host) is unsure of where is safe to walk within the walls.  Great potential.  But needs some work."
76561198046278812,Not Recommended,641990,34417893,Posted: 22 August,all,Jesty,Way too many bugs.Game constantly crashesSometimes you can't turn in questsRandom crap like once booting into a save file after a crash it'll instantly go into lockdown for no reason?I've barely even played yet i've experienced too much to make me not wanna play. Hopefully patches fix this but i don't know why they released if it was this ♥♥♥♥ing bad.
,Not Recommended,641990,34428845,Posted: 22 August,all,Spork Dude,I assumed some people were exaggerating when it came to the bugs. I've played only 30 minutes and ran into two annoying bugs. One where I can no longer attack until I restart the game and another where it doesn't print the text for the mission I currently have selected. I am really curious as to what kind of QA this game went through when I can find issues this quickly.
,Recommended,641990,34495351,Posted: 25 August,all,Psychomantys,"I will recommend this game becaus ethe game has potential and is really good however... Most of the time spent in this game is just waiting for an item to magically pop up in a desk or available for sale that can take literally hours to happen. I played one map for about 3 hours and was able to obtain 2 lighters. If possible please not make this a waiting game, I like a challenge but having to wait an hour - 2 hours for one item to magically show up just doesn't make sense. Something that would be better is to actually have the items that are rare / important / hard to obtain be available for purchase however increase the price on them. You have common items like toilet paper / paper being 10 dollars cheaper than something like a file / tape and then those easier to obtain items full out the inventory of purchasing and desks than anything else. Then the quests are completely random not being more intriquite the more you do a mission for one person. early game it'll be challenging however I feel that the second you figure out what to do it literally becomes a wait for spawn and hope you're lucky kind of game. I understand that luck has to play a part but waiting 2 hours on an item is like playing farmville without the gurantee that you will get your crops. Having to hope that you find an item here or there makes the game literally boring when you have the stuff you need and waiting on a lighter or something to spawn. Make the game utilize jobs, buying and quests more investing, than just be like oh I'll accept this quest, ""get somethign thats common for 25 dollars"" or sit and wait for an item to appear...You literally break your own game with that however if that is addreess that would be the only major gripe other than the crashing and not being able to send invites to a private game before the game starts issue."
76561198157335559,Recommended,641990,34887688,Posted: 11 September,all,animating magic_YT,i love this game its quite hard but funthere is one thing id love and thats a prison maker i think it would be cool do make prisons for this
,Recommended,641990,34489444,Posted: 25 August,all,jsp,"Why does everyone have so much hate on this game. I never had one bug and i've escaped all prisons. In fact i love the new crafting system, new attack and new prisons. Don't write a bad review if you have less than 20-30 hours or can't complete a prison. Theres great guides online to follow -http://www.gamersheroes.com/category/game-guides/the-escapists-2-guides/Pros- Crafting- Prisons- Multiplayer- Tons of ways to complete prisonsCons- Need more to soundtrack- Need mooore prisons- Maybe a little better connection to multiplayer"
,Recommended,641990,34452083,Posted: 23 August,all,SafireRed | csgobounty.com,This game got rushed a tad bit but it got fixed in 2 days. Still gud gem
,Recommended,641990,34445491,Posted: 23 August,all,Inconspicuous Bush,"I was about to write a negative review, frustrated by the bugs on launch such as mouse not working on touchscreen devices, as well as my friends and I losing all of our progress each time we rejoined our games as non-host players. However already within two days after launch, the developers have released two patches addressing these major issues! Thank you devs for your great sequel to an already great game."
,Recommended,641990,34437919,Posted: 23 August,all,Ate$z,I recommend this game really addictive! You have to buy this! (updated)
,Recommended,641990,34538865,Posted: 27 August,all,Plastikspook,An accurate representation of being caught in a prison of depression and the repetativeness of daily life!
,Not Recommended,641990,34433985,Posted: 23 August,all,[VA]Daveed316,"Was very excited to play this game with some friends after seeing some previews and youtubers playing it before release. The first 30 minutes were great until the bugs started to creep in. Multiplayer bugs are everywhere. It's impossible to store anything in a desk, do a job, or for that matter drop contraband without something else bad spawning into your inventory. Items change randomly or are lost forever.This game is easy to exploit as well do to the fact that all you have to do in order to be present for anything is to take one step into the room you need to be in and then leave. The only things that keeps you where you need to be is a job and even then its exploiteable if you don't apply for one.I want to give this game a good review but until they fix the bugs its a no for me."
,Not Recommended,641990,34427845,Posted: 22 August,all,Cobalt,"I assumed that when they decided to release it early, it was because they had fixed all the bugs ahead of time.Let's just say,I was ♥♥♥♥ing wrong."
,Recommended,641990,35423351,Posted: 2 October,all,Crimson Streak,A great game for friends and even if you have none you can still play with other to escape!
,Recommended,641990,35401653,Posted: 1 October,all,Pugnas Dong,"The Escapists 2 is an interesting case for me. At first I had really high expectations for the game and then they sorta went down after I had played the Android verson of The Escapists and Escapists Walking Dead. Those games made the character a bit too slippery with moving and I have other little dislikes about them too. Team 17 had made the engine like it was on the PC Version so I could get it easier.This took me a bit to get used to the new systems but once I did, I was fine. Just get used to the new controls.Positives:Multiplayer is fun as hell.Combat system has been reworked to be much better.Developers are listening to their fans and fixing the glitches.Escapes can be varied and is more unique than the first game.Transport prisons are a nice additionand are one of the best ways to get keysPrison themes are more varied than the first gamecan be from an early prison from the first game to a russian tundra to a ♥♥♥♥ing space stationStar system is a nice addition. Getting instant solitary sucked.The game's rework fits multiplayer really well.Negatives:Repetitive (especially when not escaping on an early day).Glitches (including one where you can get yourself locked out of the dolphin quest).If you're used to the first game, controls can be annoying to wrap your head around (and vice versa).Some content is blocked by multiplayer wallsCan take days to find an item you really wantYou have to be quick when looting as medics pick up bodies.Hounds can't easily be killed.Autosave is annoying, please give the ability to turn off autosave on singleplayer at least.I haven't played VS mode yet but when I do, I'll be sure to write about that.Conclusion:Game is a great multiplayer and singleplayer experience. If you don't like repetitive games. This wouldn't necessarily be one you'd like.8.5/10- Great but flawed in small areas"
76561197970554306,Recommended,641990,35454625,Posted: 3 October,all,<<KK24sk8>>,"Great game! Except its hard to escape sometimes and i cant get all  the escapes bc some are multiplayer - i dont have friedns wich have the game and the community doesent even want to speak to you, i said ""Come to the bottom and escape with me!"", like noone cameAlso theres alot of russians playing this game wich meansss that i CANT talk to them."
76561198127317534,Recommended,641990,35495950,Posted: 5 October,all,gknoodle,"This is what a sequel should alwways strive to be. The Escapist 2 expands upon the ideas of the previous game, while adding much more in terms of content and visuals.For example, in the first escapist, you had to plan an escape in the most literal sense, dig a hole, cut a fence, break a wall, etc. It was fun and challenging, albeit frustrating at times (nobody had duct tape when you really needed it.) In this game, it's taken a step further; instead of a simple escape through a dirt tunnel, you have options that have a level of inginuity that can only be seen in the mind of a man who is rotting behind bars. You can zipline over the prison wall, mail yourself out of the complex, get taken out with the daily garbage, even simply dress up as a civilian audio technician and simply waltz out the front door!Now I just want to gloss over this one glorious new feature. Anyone who has played the first game understands how stressful it is to juggle your contraband. Between cell searches, contraband detectors, and simply running out of space to place that last essential crowbar, item management was one of the harder things to keep up with, and more than once I found myself in solitary confinement because I didn't know my name had come up for a cell search. Introducing: the illegal hidden desk compartment! With this, contraband hidden in these six slots cannot be detected by nozy cops snooping in your desk. It's something most would consider small, but if you were a fan of the last game, it'll be a breath of relief while gathering the stuff you need to stab someone in the kidneys.MOVING ON! Multiplayer: why be in prison alone when you can drag your accomplices down with you! Mean? Yes. Useful in having an extra set of hands to help you escape faster? Hell yes. With multiplayer, you can have up to four people share a prison with you. that means more hands to help during escapes, more room to hide contraband, more people to blame when something goes wrong (looking at you Donathan86!) Each map includes one or more methods of escape that require two or more players to execute, so not only is multiplayer done well, it's encouraged. Don't have any friends? I feel your pain, BUT! Just make your game public and most of the time you'll have someone drop in and help out (just don't expect help if youre playing at 3 in the morning.)Not a friendly convict? Would you rather revel in the satisfaction of seeing someone elses elaborate escape plan collapse around them? Well, you're in luck my sadistic friend! Versus mode pits you against other people in a test to see who can escape first! Now youre not only hiding from the cops, youre hiding from the people who would exploit your tunnel to freedom. Not even your desk is safe from the greedy hands of your enemies (though anything you put in the hidden compartment can't be seen or taken by anyone but yourself. Like I said earlier, it's a godsend.)Excellent game, it looks much better than the previous one, and it'll provide you with hours of entertainment digging, climbing, punching, hiding, and planning your way to freedom! Whether or not you stay free once you've escaped......well, I mean at that point your job as an escape artist is complete. After all, this is the escapist, not the elusivist."
,Recommended,641990,34427305,Posted: 22 August,all,Pineapple,"As a long time player of this game, I heavily recommend this game for many attributes.More prisons to play on.More customization for your character, as well as unlockables throughout the game.Much more weapon/crafting possibilities.New gameplay mechanics with a new fighting system.And in my opinion the most important item of the game, multi-player.Though I do recommend buying this on a sale, I can see why this would be 20 dollars."
76561198022367782,Not Recommended,641990,34426740,Posted: 22 August,all,oskön skinsjar.com,"Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ crashing, losing all progress in multiplayer, can´t join eachother, not even synct between the players."
76561198108388290,Not Recommended,641990,34431569,Posted: 22 August,all,S - K I M O,"New update is a step in the right direction. Ill edit my review laterTL:DRGame was rushed and it very buggy. Is fun, but not worth $20. Get it on sale. Stop using youtubers for hype.I want to like this game, I really do.This came from the people who made The Escapists which was a great game. It had its flaws, but it was fun, enjoyable and actually had me thinking about what to do. And The Escapists 2 had everything going for it.I saved myself from watching all the youtuber hype before the game to keep myself interested. When I heard it was getting released early I was even more hyped.The problem is that they rushed an unfinished game.I HATE when companies do this. The youtubers hype up the game because they got it early and dont want to be hard on the devs. They also say ""Oh its in early access!"" and the devs add them into the game to coax them even more.But its not all bad.+The animation is really smooth and much more appealing than Escapists 1+The core gameplay is still fun and enjoyable+The menus are much MUCH clearer+Transport prisons are cool.However I think the negatives outweigh the positives.-Items randomly change into other items. For example, my plated inmate armor became a hand fan.-The devs are lazy. i have seen multiple times on the fourms of people complaining about things such as ""My friend crashed, he lost his stats"" and the devs said it was intentional. To me, that says that the devs were lazy in fixing a bug.-Multiplayer is buggy. Clientside sees sniper bullets shooting other players, people crash, its laggy and the multiplayer fighting is very delayed.-Semi-frequent crashes. Seems to be getting heat or fighting someone at specific times such as role-call.-Heat is now much harder to realise if you gain it. Escapists one (although very annoying) had a sound that is layed above all others. The new sounds are not, making it very difficult to hear.This is why early access is a thing. Bugs are made to be squashed. This is a game with great potential! Devs need to listen to the community or the game will die."
76561198100832504,Recommended,641990,34959032,Posted: 14 September,all,ph3n0,EscapFists! ^^
,Recommended,641990,34429289,Posted: 22 August,all,Butterpenguin207,"Overall great game. The graphics and character customization is a huge step-up from the first game. The maps are all really fun and I can't wait to play them with friends. I got my copy rather early so there are some bugs of course, but otherwise it's a great game!"
,Recommended,641990,34868030,Posted: 10 September,all,NerdDoesLoads,Really good game.Recommend to buy it.You can escape different prison maps and you can do different types of escapes :)
76561198059516636,Not Recommended,641990,34422362,Posted: 22 August,all,Uncrowned King,"We all get hyped for this game, better graphics, creat your prisoner, coop and multiplayer and new prisons, but sadly we are getting crash after crash randomly, it is unplayable right now.i hope they fix this game and restore its true glory."
,Recommended,641990,34414641,Posted: 22 August,all,mariothedog,"Great game, but there is a few bugs, multiplayer is a huge improvement from the first game. :)"
76561197987874052,Not Recommended,641990,34436766,Posted: 23 August,all,Zimmerman,fix the coop teammates loosing there progress when they crash or at very least give the host a option at launch that everyone keeps progress and dont give me the intended feature crap.me and all my friends will all be getting a refund if this isnt addressed/promiced by next patch as this makes the game unplayable
76561198051501559,Not Recommended,641990,34424415,Posted: 22 August,all,Sorthalis,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEIt is unacceptably buggy, crashes constantly, and is near impossible to play in multiplayer because character stats do not get saved. So when a crash occurs (which it will) you lose all the stat progress of your character.The game should not have been released in the state it is in, this was a downright immoral choice by Team17 to release this product to the public.Update:Game is still buggy beyond playability, autosave feature makes the game frustrating and unenjoyable, the harder prisons are not actually harder they just make you jump through more time consuming hoops to escape.Overall pretty badly implemented game with a decent concept behind it. If a different, more competent, development team had been working on this it might have been excellent."
,Recommended,641990,34405343,Posted: 21 August,all,Bolt,"Great game and a lot of fun to play! Multiplayer works well, and it has a lot of improvements over the last game."
76561198166620870,Recommended,641990,34407680,Posted: 21 August,all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"The developers delievered on everything they promised, they heard the community's cries and fufilled the fan's requests without sacrificing the game's core experience.If you didn't read my negative review of the first game, I had quite a few complaints with it - from missing native controller support, the graphical downgrade and so on. It was a fairly large list. However, this game doesn't have any of those cons straight out of the box.Addicting Prison-Break simulation that renewed my faith in these types of games. I don't want to stop playing it. The fact that this one has multiplayer modes adds replay value. Although, someone named Swish added me just to kick me from the game and defriend me... that's to be expected in mp games I guess.I'm really enjoying this game, it's everything I wanted from the first game so it's definitely worth the $19.99! I spent 3 hours on the first prison alone and I'm not even close to escaping. It's a very cool rpg/time sinker and a great sandbox experience. Very cool concept, well executed and intense premise.Break the law and become an inmate today!"
,Recommended,641990,34408353,Posted: 21 August,all,zenongreat,"I had this as a negative review, but it is now positive because I solved the crashing issue.Here is my guide:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1117915907"
,Recommended,641990,34406950,Posted: 21 August,all,Akaboogalo Boss,"They did a good job implementing multiplayer into this game! I'm excited to see what they do in future updates, hopefully at one point we can play online with 15 other prisoners and possibly guards that are controlled by humans. That is my dream as of right now."
76561198003422129,Not Recommended,641990,34449535,Posted: 23 August,all,Jefeon,"Not a bad game per say if you like repetitive and very fast-paced games, not enough time to do anything and certainly not enough features and interaction with characters in the prison and finally the fact that they forced stupid youtubers upon us is unacceptable and I definitely won't support that, asked for a refund."
,Recommended,641990,34449122,Posted: 23 August,all,Стевица2кеј,"The Escapists 2 sure is an upgrade from the 2nd one, but is missing some good features from the origional escapists.A feature, im sure has come to mind, for the players. A map editor, where you can create your very own custom prison, or maybe even a transport prison? Anyways, i hope that developers choose to add it and/or release it.A combat mode. Even jacksepticeye, the youtuber, asked why there isn't a combat toggle, like in the first escapists. Pressing space and toggling on and off the mode.In the game you can search knocked-out people. But, if someone gets knocked-out near an interacting entity (Shower, Canteen chairs, Gym equipment) it is really hard to select the knocked-out person, before the medics arrive. Maybe you (the developers) should consider instead of pressing E and hoping you pick the person, you should check when the player clicks on the knocked-out person and if the player is in a 1 or 2 block range.Something that i would personally like in the game are public multiplayer rooms for central perks 2.0, the railroad (cant remember the map name) and rattlesnake springs. Maybe it is in the game, and im just blind, but if not, i'd be glad if it was added. While on the topic of multiplayer, why did you force us to be a certain color and why can't we choose one?The shoemaker job equipment. Its weird, i click E once to try to put the ""machine ready shoe"" into the machine. Doesn't work, then i spam it, and then it starts to work.Congrats on the custom endings for each prison, i think thats a very good idea.And also, as the people reviewed the product, the game was not ready for a release, even if i wanted to get my hands on it as quick as possible. Test everything before launching it, or the community will most likely get mad. I am recommending this game, because i believe theres much potential, and i still haven't tried the so-called ""bad multiplayer"", because almost none of my friends play. But, if you want a singleplayer experience, i'd suggest it."
76561198174412446,Not Recommended,641990,34422200,Posted: 22 August,all,ReaperEX,"I loved the first escapists. I thought the 2nd one would add on and fix the problems with the 1st escapists. This game did none of that, im sad to say that this game is BAD.The first problem is that the only thing i think they inproved on is the combat, graphics, and not having an instant ""game over"" when they saw your escape attempts.If anything they made the game WORSE then the 1st. First of all the controlls are horrible, in thefirst game you had quick mouse and keyboard contolls and you could ""do stuff"" realy fast, (which isreqired in the harder prisons) in the escapists 2 however, they switched it to barely use the mouse which means opening your inventory select an item to equip it, that you have to press backspace to drop it. In the 1st game to drop an item you just right click it, and the small diffrence MATTERS.Another way they made the game worse iis making keys, so in the 1st game you had to take a key out of a K.O.ed guard make a mold out of the key then give the key back to the guard or alsewhen you guard wakes up you will be sent to solllitay. In the escapists 2, you K.O. a guard take his key and unlike in the first game, you dont pause while crafting (which is fine) BUT the big difference is, in the 1st game a K.O, ed somebody will lay onthe ground for a good while, in the escapists 2 a medic comes SUPER fast to pick them up and bring them to the infirmary and when that happens you no longer can loot them. SO unlike the first game you K.O. a guard take his key craft a mold and then its to late to put the key back in the guard because the medic has already taken him to the infirmary. also the medics come instantly to theres near to no time to loot anyone.This might just be my CPU but alot of people are saying its buggy and glitchy, the game crashes, ALOT. I have to reboot my cpu and reinstall it in the hopes it will work for an hour, this never happend in the first escapists ever not once.This one is a big one, ITS STUCK ON AUTO SAVE, i looked through the settings no way to turn it off, ok so in the first one it only saved when you went to sleep, ok and if you screwed up you could load it to the begining of the day, in the 2nd though, if you screw up in an escape attempted all the tools you worked for are gone. Some people might say that it makes the game more in interesting because you cant just go on a rampage with no consequences because you can just load up at the begining of the day. Well in the first few prisons ya, but i remember in the 1st game the last prison, i failed so many escapes, and if it were not for that load button it would have been inpossible, its hare to get the edge of a prison to case it out, in the harder prisons you it took a few attempts to have a full proof plan. And maby there is a way to turn it off but there was nothing online and in the settings saying that you could.How would i make it better. A complete chang of the controlls to the 1st game, instead of medics running to a K.O.ed person theres a wait time depending on how far they are from the infirmary, i think alot of people are angry at the game for the wrong reasons, they say its linear, but not realy, you escape by running of the map, but how you do that is different, in the harder prisons ya it doesget a little more linear but you can dig, climb, chip, and use keys to get out. (well thats all the waysin the 1st game i know) i though calling it a sandox is kinda strenching it.I realy hope the developers fix the glitches and contols, im realy want to like this game"
76561198130265216,Recommended,641990,34407835,Posted: 21 August,all,50 Blessings,"Very well constructed game, just not for me and my friends."
76561198314650584,Recommended,641990,34414919,Posted: 22 August,all,Sir Pootis Junior,"I like the game, its a great game to play with friends.Also everytime we left the server, then rejoin I am with all my stats in 30. Please correct this.I will change this if you dont correct the bug soon, for now its recommended."
76561198288520887,Recommended,641990,34447070,Posted: 23 August,all,DanieBoy,Really fun. Its a good strategy game so if ur into strategy you willl like it. Its also better with friends. Some bugs but it just came out.
,Recommended,641990,34446166,Posted: 23 August,all,Ting Jr.,"Game is great, had bugs first day. Next day they got squashed. Good♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198121741386,Recommended,641990,34445171,Posted: 23 August,all,ca32424135214,super fun but rattle snake prison on multiplayer its a little buggy
,Recommended,641990,34445405,Posted: 23 August,all,★ DeputyDoge,"The Escapists 1 but with better graphics, gameplay and each prison takes more time to complete"
76561198261452365,Recommended,641990,34446176,Posted: 23 August,all,Cyborn,"Highly suggest this game to play with friends (although some bugs are quite visible and can get annoying at times, but nothing to♥♥♥♥♥♥your♥♥♥♥♥♥off) and basically go rampant trying to get out of prison. Small story time: We were on a train, we wanted to get the jump on a guard, and my friend accidentally locked on to me and nailed me in the back of the head with a crowbar and the cop one shotted my friend afterwards.Moral of the story: This game is fun with friends XD"
,Not Recommended,641990,34420866,Posted: 22 August,all,Jesusz Hitman,Only bought so I could play with friends and cant do so...
,Recommended,641990,34414821,Posted: 22 August,all,magna.magmadaederic,"Very pleasing pixel graphics, and god damn it crafting is a chore!Day 14 escaped prisonDay 1-6 no jobs yetDay 6-13 involved in fightsDay 1-13 NO IDEA what to doThumbs UP!"
,Recommended,641990,34476927,Posted: 25 August,all,Bucc,Really been enjoying this game so far and after using the beta patch the game has been working great with 0 crashes!
76561198120906935,Recommended,641990,34488460,Posted: 25 August,all,MrChompers,"There is tons to do in this game.Here are some of my favorite things to do.-Run around and attack anyone I see, and then hide in a locker and they stop chasing me immediatly-Gift officers magazines and then beat them to death with a plastic spoon.-Play the instruments until a lockdown happens.-Play online with friends and kill them all, never letting them escape.-Lure horses with fake carrots and ride off into the sunset without knowing where to go.-Peel potatoes to escape solitay.-Hail our leader and saviour in Glorious Regime prison.-Dress up as a cop and threaten my teamates online with paper towels.-Cry for hours on how to escape the first prison.-Craft Random items I will never use.-Contemplate on why I keep playing.-Comtenplate on why I dont keep playing.10/5- This game is very educational and now I can teach my kindergardners on how to escape prison."
,Not Recommended,641990,34418560,Posted: 22 August,all,Muscle Moose,60 fps working one day.
,Not Recommended,641990,34444129,Posted: 23 August,all,Taboo_TH,"So many bugs, once fixed the game can be fun."
76561198367505302,Recommended,641990,35117162,Posted: 21 September,all,Shadow,"Ok, I know SO many people think this is a bad game. But, honestly, It's pretty good. There are quite a few bugs, but contrary to what many people say, it dosn't ruin the game. Ok, the multiplayer is really laggy, but hey, as for the singleplayer? It's awesome. i know going solo DOES limit your escape options, but it's close to bug-free and really fun. I would reccomend this game if you are patient, don't mind spending a little money, and aren't in it just for the multiplayer. The routine can get annoying at times, and the controls are a bit off-colour, but overall good game, good replayability, fun, difficult, and has quite a bit of content. Oh, and there are some game mechanics. A LOT of game mechanics.Pros:- Good replayability- Tons of content- Good pixel graphics (My opinion)- Funny- Good degree of difficulty- The achivements are fun to work up to- Lots of items, crafting, and things to do- Decently well-balanced systemCons:- Multiplayer is laggy and generally won't work- Things take a long time- Having to wait for your heat to go down in really annoying- SNIPER TOWERSSSSSSSSSSSS- The guards accidentally foiling your seemingly perfect escape plan >:(- Wonky controls- Pretty high cost- Again, things take a very long time!So yah. Good game, with a few kinks to work out. I wouldn't reccomend it to people who don't like games where they have to spent a long time getting used to the controls and systems, or are just in it for the multiplayer, but I would reccomend it to the people who are ok going solo, and minecraft and terraria player will like this, as it is, in a sense, sandbox."
,Recommended,641990,35206877,Posted: 25 September,all,GamingLegend_11,The Escapists 2 is fun innovative and new! The Escapists 2 takes everything the original was and made it infinitely better this game is so fun and worth the money!
76561198273638423,Recommended,641990,34430228,Posted: 22 August,all,Ť ų f ı ά и,"Game is good but i think it needs more free prisons most of them are transport ones and they are not even real prisons, we need real and hard prisons."
,Recommended,641990,35165960,Posted: 23 September,all,REPOner,"Cancer, the good type!"
76561198415837477,Recommended,641990,34472727,Posted: 24 August,all,anyathewarrior,"I love this game! So fudging addictive! Too bad school gets in the way of my sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet time in Center Perks... Uuuuuuuuugh......... Anyways, amazing game! I love it! And it's child friendly!"
,Recommended,641990,34458308,Posted: 24 August,all,ElectrixxGaming,"I've been a bit worried about getting this game, but now I think that it's a great sequel of the first game!The thing I loved most about this game is the new soundtrack! There are prisons with remixes from the classic songs of the first part (I almost cried of nostalgia when I heard the stalag flucht remix). To be honest, I do not like the new graphic style, but that's just a thing of taste.The gameplay itself is OK. I bought the game because the new multiplayer, which has too many bugs to be played. The new fighting system is great, because you can beat high-level guards, even without much training or weapons, unlike in the first part.Anyways, I think that the developers fixed all their mistakes from the first part in this game and I really like playing.Recommended.8/10. Would rate 9/10 without the bugs."
,Recommended,641990,35228308,Posted: 26 September,all,Gamer_Kan,Great Game!
76561198403077553,Recommended,641990,35254313,Posted: 27 September,all,SnowY1_,"The Escapist 2 is a great game! Took me long enough to write this review but anyways, besides the bugs near the start or release, they have fixed all of the bad problems when playing the game. There are great graphics and some may think that it is a disgrace to the original, but I think of it as an add on! If you like the escapist 1 graphic just create more maps for the first one. Anyways, the Escapist 2 has so many cool escapes and if you are skeptical about the price, it's no matter. The Escapist 2 is a terrific game and can't wait for the new Map Editor to come out! Hope you enjoy the game!"
76561198293203877,Recommended,641990,34647831,Posted: 31 August,all,LordShroomite,The game is really good and i recomended as its a huge step further from the first as you can play with your friends and escape prisons together i recommnded as it a new game and still developing im excpecting the game to become even better than it already is.
76561198133826503,Recommended,641990,34429674,Posted: 22 August,all,BmoTheBoss,"i do really enjoy the single player mode as i only ran into 1 bug which i fixed by alt tabbing then tabbing back in, which i wasnt able to attack, but also the muliplayer doesnt work at all theres just to many bugs for it to be enjoyable and i was really hyped for it but the multiplayer just doesnt work and i cant refund the game because i played 1 to many hours and i prepurchased it. if your getting the game for single player i totaly reccomend it, if your getting it for multiplayer i would reccomend NOT getting it untill some of the bugs are fixed"
76561198271689399,Recommended,641990,34429349,Posted: 22 August,all,OoOOOooOof,♥♥♥♥ he found my tooth brush
76561198197482917,Recommended,641990,34429381,Posted: 22 August,all,MuzzFuzz,It's great but they have to make the sheets come back
76561198350874026,Recommended,641990,34445431,Posted: 23 August,all,jackthepirate,this is a great game way better than the first so much more to do and better ways to escapethis is for all ages buy it and support the creators team and him
76561198408961827,Recommended,641990,34448403,Posted: 23 August,all,luminalstaue94,the escapist 2 wont dplay its missing file
,Recommended,641990,34429513,Posted: 22 August,all,alejmedina87,I love this game. If you like Escapists then you will love this one and you can play co op with yours friends. Me and my girl played this and could not stop.
,Recommended,641990,34450564,Posted: 23 August,all,jedijoe,"If you are just getting the game now, well, should have pre-ordered. Same price (as of writing this) with an extra prison to escape from.If you were to put the original game on a regiment of pure steriods for a few months, that would end up being this gameGreat things like actual customization exist. Don't forget the multiplayer.Combat is so much more complex than ""Oh, hit the attack button and hope you have better stats, or else you're done kid"" Even if you're greatly outnumbered, you can easily win- provided you have enough energy to survive all of the hits.New types of prisons, and prisons with unique escapes. Not every prison can be dug out of. There are even legitimately timed prisons that will infact give you the game over if you don't somehow finish them in time. These prisons will prove easy if you use stealth, or are skilled enough to take on guards who auto-agro when you even leave the cell.So many different good things to say. Still a few bugs here and there, but it's a PC launch. It's almost impossible for it to be perfect on launch. If you think the original lacked features, give this a tryCan't wait for them to add workshop support like they did for the original."
,Recommended,641990,34543246,Posted: 27 August,all,schwem00,"I'm 12 hours into this game so far, and really really enjoying it. The prisons are all interesting, and the transport escapes are a nice sort of 'quick play' instead of a multiple hour long breakout from a true prison. I'm 12 hours in so far, and I've escaped every transport and all but 3 prisons, of which 2 of the unescaped prisons are unlocked. A lot of replayability, with each level having multiple different escape routes, and the multiplayer is a nice touch aswell. My only complaint so far is that you can't save in multiplayer, and you have to worry about the join order when playing with friends if they disconnect, to make sure they still get the same cells and inventories.Still a bit glitchy, but the devs have been quick to roll out fixes so far. Definitely a solid game."
76561198206728500,Recommended,641990,34772565,Posted: 6 September,all,Strengerdenger,love this game play it every day so many escapes and the music is awesome just sometomes you can be stuck on 1 itme
76561198043136955,Not Recommended,641990,34425759,Posted: 22 August,all,Doodlejackdwarf,"Difficult to reccomend, brought for the multiplayer appeal but stats don't save so multi session games are impossible, even if one player needs to drop out for five there is no way to even pause the game without alerting guards and losing all of your  skills, likely your items due to horrendous bugs.and this is without an absolute plethora of crashes, freezes and connection issues - rushed release was really not good for the game, give it time before buying."
,Recommended,641990,34409575,Posted: 21 August,all,Evil Walrus,"The Escapists 2 is a sequel to the Escapists in the way the Binding of Isaac: Rebirth was a sequel to Binding of Isaac. The game takes the original and amps it up on every level. The graphics are gorgeous, combat is great, and they added more cool items.On top of that, none of these prisons are boring. They all have different and unique themes, such as the Wild West or Area 17. There are many different options to escape them too. It makes the prisons repayable.One of my favorite features is customizing your characters. Instead of the old game in which you selected from around 6 pre-made characters, this time you can create 10 of your own with many customizables, including headphones and beanies with bear faces. As you play the game, you unlock more customizables.And alas, the multiplayer feature! Something that was for sure missing in the original. You can play with up to 4 friends over the internet or locally, and it works great! The online has very few latency problems in my experienceThe one thing that bums me out is the bugs. I know this game just came out, but the amount of bugs from an everyday prison run is just irritating. Sometimes you will not be able to attack (this was a one pointed out by YouTubers before the release, yet the bug still exists). Other times you will not be able to push buttons required to open doors. Often I get a glitch in which a sniper shoots a character over and over again but the character isn't being affected by the shot.Most of these bugs are fixed with a simple reload of the game, but when it comes to playing online multiplayer, the reloading can become quite a hassle. This is something I know will be fixed, but it's good to keep in mind if you are planning on purchasing it early.Overall, I'd definitely recommend The Escapists 2. It has more than enough content to be its own game apart from the original. It also feels way more polished.Whether you've bought the original or not, you should give this a try. You probably won't regret it."
76561198158340141,Recommended,641990,34443951,Posted: 23 August,all,Lord Sheep,Overall a great game. Pre-purchased it a month before hand and was full of hype. It is a wonderful game if you look past the bugs.
,Recommended,641990,34460990,Posted: 24 August,all,Blaxe,"Alright, so i know this game has gotten lots of bad reviews since its release. (Of course there were also good reviews)I figured if everyone went on to say what they thought of this game i'd do the same.So, this is the first serious review i'm writing and i know i'm not the best at it but i'm going to try to explain to you all what i think of this game.First off, I bought The Escapist 2 without having played the first The Escapists game, so with a completely open mind i downloaded the game, started it, headed into the Center Perks 2.0 prison, and the game immediately had me hooked.I played it for around 6 hours straight without taking a break from it.I can see that people who write these ''bad recommendation reviews'' have some valid points. I mean, of course the game has a few bugs, its been out for 2 days. I get it though, If you wanted to play this game with your friends and bought it mainly because of its multiplayer feature i would be mad too. I myself have experienced little to no bugs while playing singleplayer. I read some of the reviews other people wrote and i saw that in most cases multiplayer was the issue. I haven't played multiplayer yet so i can't review that part of the game yet. What i do know is that the developers are trying their best (and succeeding) to fix as many of the reported bugs as possible and i have to give them some serious credit for that. I am planning on playing multiplayer with a friend or someone else in the near future and i'm sure they will have fixed all of the main ''gamebreaking'' bugs by then. For now, i'd recommend this game to everyone, it doesnt matter if you're planning on playing mainly singleplayer, multiplayer or both. I'm sure the developers are doing their absolute best to fix all of the bugs that are reported. I see a bright future for this game!Thanks for taking your time to read this review, and i you all, or atleast some of you agree with me.Also, quick note. I'm not saying the people who wrote these bad reviews are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, because they also make valid points in their reviews and i'm sure most of them enjoy the game just as much as i do.I just needed to put this out there lolCya!"
,Recommended,641990,34504935,Posted: 26 August,all,ChunkChokChip,Good Game :3
,Recommended,641990,34459659,Posted: 24 August,all,schaput420,"Local and online coop, decent controller support, same classic Escapists perimeter breaks with new level exclusive routes for both modes, more interesting designs for the prisons including the new transport prisons... the game is awesome. Team17 has been quick to acknowledge community feedback and will most likely fix the issues that people are already leaving negative reviews over."
76561198161547712,Recommended,641990,34576713,Posted: 29 August,all,DaMoonLord,"This is one of the best games i've played ever, but a lot of glitches have to be fixed. Apart from that it's a perfect game."
76561198142757676,Recommended,641990,34440099,Posted: 23 August,all,[k꒞Ѫ] denny1611,this is the best
76561198293765762,Recommended,641990,34437789,Posted: 23 August,all,BeamMeUpScotty,"Love this game just like the first one, the multiplyer is awesome and brings so much to the game"
,Not Recommended,641990,34428044,Posted: 22 August,all,Autumn Littlebyte,"I'd LOVE to enjoy this game, but all the content thrown at you and the unnessesarily confusing controls ruin the experience."
,Not Recommended,641990,34438893,Posted: 23 August,all,MrDodo,until they fix this game its just too buggywait 3 - 4 weeks until they fix it then you probably can buy it
,Not Recommended,641990,34418414,Posted: 22 August,all,R9 FURY X,So ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting server.Do not waste ur money unless u never play co-op mode on this game.
,Not Recommended,641990,34438516,Posted: 23 August,all,ST33ZY,"This game does not seem like a polished game that is even ready for release yet, still overall the mechanics and ways the game can play out are amazing, the game is still very buggy, even though YouTubers have been playing for weeks in 2/3 different prisons and experiencing the same bugs we are. Will not be touching this until these bugs are fixed.Seems like a waste of money to me as my friend has just refunded his purchase on this game because he doesn't see it as a polished game and doesn't want his money to be put to waste. I am also considering doing this as the co-op mode which we both originally bought the game for barely works, the stats for the co-op player are reset everytime they rejoin the game, which makes the second player unable to craft anything/grind because their stats will be reset if they crash/leave and reconnect. Another one of the gamebreaking bugs that I have experienced is that some items seem to change every now and again, I had one instance where a Key Mould turned into a Metal Rod, then another instance of this where a Guard Outfit turned into a Bottle of Nail Polish.Once these bugs are fixed I will be coming back to the game to see how it plays, untill then I do not recommend this game to people that want to play the Multiplayer modes, if you want to play the Singleplayer modes then it seems to be fine, except some bugs here and their, item glitches ect. then it seems like an ok game.I did want to give this a good review when I bought the game because we weren't experiencing many bugs, but when I began the Center Perks 2.0 prison everything began to bug out. Another reason why I am reluctant to post this is because I was an avid player of the first game on Console, and it was amazing."
,Not Recommended,641990,34430805,Posted: 22 August,all,iCarly,Don't get this game for the multiplayer. You will crash and lose all your progress. Doesn't make sense whatsoever.
76561198119652740,Not Recommended,641990,34439264,Posted: 23 August,all,The Engineer,"While I only bought the game last night, I have experienced one BIG issue. The game crashes if paused for over five minutes. That's not good as if you need to go to the bathroom, or something else that takes only a few minutes, you may come back to a crashed game... That's a bit of a deal breaker for me. And as many of us are aware, the game has had many bugs with multiplayer too. Instead of releasing this game with all these bugs, the game should've been held until these kinks were ironed out. If these bugs can all be ironed out, I'll be more than happy to change this review.Also, this happened on the level where you're trying to escape the train (I forget the level name)"
,Recommended,641990,34445783,Posted: 23 August,all,WaterBoyGaming,"9/10, very well done Co-op"
76561198097621752,Not Recommended,641990,34434262,Posted: 23 August,all,Zoobas,"Tried a little and it wasnt worth 20bucks...Anyway, game is still very limited and similar to first part.Its probably can be recommended only if you have friends to play with otherwise its going be a waste of money."
,Recommended,641990,34463037,Posted: 24 August,all,YouRuber,Would recommended to players and friends x3
,Not Recommended,641990,34428271,Posted: 22 August,all,\Daveyy56/,this game is soo  fun.... that is untill it bugs out so bad to the point where its unplayable and i have to restart my 6 hours worth of progress all over again.
,Recommended,641990,34424679,Posted: 22 August,all,Dominus,"Your life in cell ends here! Have you got what it takes to escape?The Escapists 2is, as name suggests the game where you have to find a way to escape!From the Mouldy Tiff Studios' predecesor'sThe Escapists, with the Team17's assistance in their development comes the sequel with more prisons and more possibities!GameplayIf you played The Escapists in past, then the core still looks the same.There will be a scheduled regime that you need to follow in every prison. Follow them to keep a low profile on yourself among guards, or have it your way.Complete inmate's favors to get money, so you can spend it on viable items you need.Not only you'll be having Heat to watch out upon, there's also the five starSecurity Levelthat will rise if there's been a damage or escape attempt in the prison.The higher it is, the greater risk of getting the heat, if you don't play by their rules, up to the point where it initiates the Lockdown.All the buttons related toCombat Systemare lying in there! Attack, Block, focus your targets and find a way to dispatch them before they knock you outThere are plenty ways to escape. The standard routine... by digging out, cut out of the wires. Or uniquely for every prisonby blending in with the Documentary recording crew.Singleplayer offers the same expirience as the original Escapists. The core feature of that game is the Multiplayer feature. Party up with 3 other Local or Online players and try new ways of escaping!Or, if you're the ""teamwork-is-for-newbs"" guy, compete against players in a VS Mode.GraphicsThe 16-bit styled graphics really describes the complexity of the game, just like The Escapists wanted to pull off with 8-bit graphics.Animations make the game look like it's locked on 30 FPS, but I guess it's what game is focused upon.Every prison has the unique look, even from prisoners and guards.CustomizationThe Escapists 2 offers variety customization! From 10 characters to choose from, you can make a lil' roleplay game with your friends.Only main flaw about this is that you're limited to it as soon as you start. You need to invest some time to get random customization drops.Over 300 Customization combos avaliable!Bugs in this game were expected from launch, but mainly it's an issue with the multiplayer on the player who joins the host.The longer the time is invested in-game, the more buggy it looks for them, such as getting wrong items upon switching/crafting or unable to access the UI upon a certain action, such as opening the desk or moving the items in the desk.It does get fixed after the save has been loaded on host's side.Overall,The Escapists 2 is a great hit that Team17 together with Mouldy Tiff Studios brought to us an incredible game of breaking out the prison(s).If you like a casual prison breakout, Co-op with friends and a small roleplay within the game, this game is for you for a full price!"
,Recommended,641990,34413941,Posted: 22 August,all,AxingWolf,"This game is amazing, Like all the new character customizations and the items u can unlock!, the new maps, space prison!?, its purely amazing!!! really good work.Only one little thing... no widescreen support? ;/ (2560x1080)"
,Not Recommended,641990,34424005,Posted: 22 August,all,Epickairu,I love the concept of the game and It was fun to play while we did. We played coop. Though for my friend it kept crashing. I believe it is only for online when you try to join others games. I have seen a few other comments about the game having lots of bugs. I am refunding the game but i hope the bugs will be fixed so one day I can buy it again to play with friends.
76561198111723758,Not Recommended,641990,34426942,Posted: 22 August,all,Prism....,Multiplayer fix plz
76561198111281989,Recommended,641990,34445101,Posted: 23 August,all,'Broken' Dark,"The escapists 2 is a huge upgrade from the Escapists, a game of which i played alot of. Its alot more difficult, took me several hours just to get past the first real prison.Graphically improved, mechanically imrpoved, the single player is really solid and, after some getting used to, is really nice to control for me.I however cannot make this review without mentioning the multiplayer. It is a great concept, one that i think in a few patches can work succcessfully. Unfortunately the multiplayer does have a good amount of bugs in it, as you can no doubt see from other reviews.I personally got the game for the single player, which is what the main focus of this should be, and indeed is.If you get this game, get it for the single player. If you wanted it for the multiplayer, wait a few patches before getting it as the developers are indeed working on it."
,Not Recommended,641990,34447562,Posted: 23 August,all,pseudobyte,"This game is not finished. It's pretty good technical quality for an early access game, but it's not finished and not early access. I wish I'd refunded it, because it's the kind of game where it really takes some time to explore it and understand what's wrong with it.* Rebinding is missing for many key and all mouse binds.* The control scheme is awkward, especially for combat.* It's very easy to do actions with serious consequences completely by accident because of the awkward UI.* The chat loses focus whenever any other UI does anything, and the hotbar seems to open or close at random, triggering that.* Multiplayer can't pause.* There is an overbearing chat filter that censors completely innocuous words for no reason, and is easily evaded by breaking up words. The word list will do nothing against many suggestions to kill oneself, but hey, at least the kids can't hear the words ""butt"" or ""fudge"". It cannot be disabled, either on a lobby or clientside basis.* Tutorial menus pop up on every new save by default and as far as I know, cannot be disabled.* All you need to do to get credit for a period of the day, like breakfast, is pop in once, even with no guards there. This completely devalues free time since every period of the day is essentially free time, and doesn't seem to change on higher security prisons.* The stat-building minigames, while better than the first game, become an obnoxious grind on each prison, and some are still pure button spam. They're a formality to getting started, not something that actually matters in the general routine. Also, their UI design choices are odd, like the bar gettingdimmerwhen you need to press a key in some cases.* The contentious issue of prisoners spawning with youtuber names was ""solved"" by reducing the rate at which they appear rather than making a config option for it, which made new people unhappy with it.It's been hard to get any acknowledgement out of the devs on any problem that isn't clearly a bug or massively unpopular, like the apparent decision to make non-host players' items not save in co-op, mentioned below. This doesn't seem to be helped by their forum containing only a general discussion and bug reports, so game questions, suggestions, and multiplayer matchmaking are all piled together.In general, these devs seem to be configuration-phobic, which is concerning, and it shows very badly in the game, and it seems like they didn't go early access merely to avoid the stigma of it.Avoid this.Original Review:I got the escapists 2 close to launch and solely for co-op. Co-op was announced as soon as the game was. On release, non-host players' stats and items did not persist, at least for many people. This has apparently been patched now. However, this is a problem that was noted before the game was released (along with quite a few bugs) and wasn't fixed. A developer said this was a design decision, but as far as I know, there's been no clarification on whether that's really true or if so, why they made this baffling choice.It's great that this big problem has been fixed, but it's one among many, they make multiplayer seem like an afterthought, which is odd because it was announced as early as the game was. Worst, my friend and I weren't sure about this one, so got it to try and possibly refund. In dealing with the problem that made co-op completely unplayable, we now have 0.6 hours left to give the game a real try in the only demo we have available to us short of pirating the game.If players are going to be doing QA on your game to any significant extent, put it in early access. A chance to get interested fans or people willing to take a risk and make suggestions about something not quite finished (I might have been) to actually take a look at it first would've done this game good. But this was released without a core feature being even remotely acceptable.As it is, unless you're only interested in single player, avoid this."
76561198125244161,Not Recommended,641990,34425181,Posted: 22 August,all,Nick,For ♥♥♥♥s sake you release a game a bit earlier and the only thing it does is keep causing freezes and bluescreens so get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together devs!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,641990,34423096,Posted: 22 August,all,Dekeyser,"This game is great. I see many reviews saying its very buggy, and I do agree that it has many bugs, but I still think its worth buying. The bugs I have encountered were very easy to fix. For example, the bug which stops you from hitting or blocking is easily fixed by pressing the escape button on your keyboard, that is it worked for me and my friends can't say for everyone else. Another bug that could be annoying is the bug where if non-host players leave and rejoin they lose all there skills, but in my opinion that one isn't all that bad if you do the prison in one or two playthroughs.I recommend this game because it's fun and challenging even with the bugs there are at this early stage, but it's not for everyone. If you're that type of person that can have fun through bugs like there i would recommend you to buy and play the game even at this early of a stage, but if you aren't then i would suggest waiting until the bugs you really don't want to play get fixed."
,Recommended,641990,34926093,Posted: 13 September,all,Bôbo,dont drop the soapit gud
,Not Recommended,641990,34428085,Posted: 22 August,all,MrTuwanda,"Let me be clear: this game is fun. However, there are TONS OF BUGS! Fake vent covers mysteriously disappear, endless lockdowns occur, unable to drop down from open vents, etc. I only pray that they fix these."
,Recommended,641990,34406596,Posted: 21 August,all,HaRDCoRSHiK31,One of the best games I played.Different ways to escape.Challenging gameplay.MULTIPLAYER MODE.Speedruns.Customization (Free)
,Not Recommended,641990,34595926,Posted: 29 August,all,Source,"Until they push out some more updates and fix the game, negative review!Pros:The game sometimes feels a bit better than the first game.The game looks better than the first game, which is nice.Cons:The game crashes constantly.There is a game breaking bug that causes desks to not be updated each day that makes it impossible to actually escape a prison.The controls are quite a bit janky and still confuse me after 11 hours in the game."
76561198315098896,Recommended,641990,34439388,Posted: 23 August,all,done_777,Very good game exeeded my expactations.Much of the problems of the escapists are fixed.The transport prisons are very refreshing.All on all very good game.
76561198164639576,Recommended,641990,34444048,Posted: 23 August,all,Kitty Kat,I love this game already!I had just pre-purchased the game a few hours before the release. It is such a great step up from the original. I've played it quite a bit.Ergo a great game for any Escapists lover.
,Recommended,641990,34417997,Posted: 22 August,all,Egon,"If real prisons were like that, I would escape and return to jail everyday."
76561198068672839,Not Recommended,641990,34426674,Posted: 22 August,all,Belgerath,"The Game is...ok.The Good:-Improved Graphics from the original-Re-designed/New Prisions-Sound Design is Ok to Good-New Crafting Items-New Crafting that let's you know in most case's what you need so you don't have to resort to the wiki-New idea's like Security level, which is different from Heat which I like-Stats don't seem to degrade over time like in the originalThe Bad.-Multiplayer, bugs, lag, and stat loss on disconnect except for the Host (Don't worry the stat loss is reportly a Feature! ... )-Clunky Item system-Prone to crashing and if you crash more likely then not your game file is corrupted (Happened to me at least 3 times last night)-Kinda framey in singleplayer worse in Multiplayer.-Tutorial is hot garbage, basicly just leads you by the nose and dosen't actually teach you anything about the game, only how to follow orders...because convicts do that so well right?-Some select crafts are still hidden from you which i don't understand why.  Apparently the Dev's don't know that shortly after release people will be able to just google the recipe.-Automatically give's you random Youtuber's because why?  Oh yes that's right you had to give them a reason to shill the game for you and give it a good report.-You can not choose the gender of your characters.  It would have been nice because currently both gender's haircuts and whatnaught appear in one list which makes it in some cases hard to identify which hair cut or whatever should go on which gender.The Ugly.-Shady Marketing Campaign Pre-ReleaseThe company decided it would be more benifical to give a select few Youtuber's the beta for ""free"" so that they would shill for the company.  Instead of giving they're customer's that actually paid for the product weeks in advance the beta because Youtuber's sell they're game way better then the customer actually buying and pre-ordering weeks in advance because...Logic!- Ready to go DLC Pre-LaunchSo basically as a ""Pre-Order"" bonus you received a ""Free"" DLC that should have been included in the base game...For these reason's I can not recommend this game at this time or probably ever with the current business strategy that the company is currently using.If you don't care about the bad/ugly and want to focus on the good then by all means buy the game, but I give this game 2 big Thumbs Down.  Don't support shady marketing practices."
,Not Recommended,641990,34428477,Posted: 22 August,all,Lupafel,The game was NOT ready to release.
76561198274529544,Recommended,641990,34478740,Posted: 25 August,all,JJph16,i recomend dis game but i could only play it for about two hours. Then i could not load the game i evan unstill restall thing.
76561198286663867,Recommended,641990,34786653,Posted: 6 September,all,earthquack,i'm not dissapointed
,Not Recommended,641990,34461518,Posted: 24 August,all,Scoobysnacks,"The game can be really fun when playing with friends and even playing alone is interesting as you try to work your way through all the options for breaking out. The reason why I can't recommend this game is that in it's current state it is nearly unplayable, I've encountered one to many game breaking bugs just playing through the first prison.1. Beat up a guard to get a key, can't close the inventory or do anything else.2. Opening up vents and then closing them or using paper mache vents will usually result in a constant loop of high security as guards ""discover"" something wrong with my cell despite hiding it. The vent gets 'fixed' and then will randomly be discovered again (despite not actually opening the vents again).3. Guards will now randomly camp out in my cell and not move...forever. The only way to get them out is to beat them up.4. If I'm sifting through another cell and get caught by a guard the heat rating goes from 0 - 100 before I even have a chance to move, now this might be related to guard relationship or some other factor but it is very frustrating.Overall, game is fun but bugs are making me not want to play it."
76561198008807732,Recommended,641990,34592660,Posted: 29 August,all,Terminadi,"A great game, intrestingly fun to play with friends in private game (avoid public ones if you dont want to waste your time).You will love when you'll see a plan perfectly done until you have grasped freedom!It could have used more tweaks to make it more fun:-Paying your freedom with a huge sum of money-More craftable items and gears.-A way to get rid of the dogs (Chocolate anyone?!)Overhaul, if you have strategic mind and trusty friends, i say:Go ahead and play this one out!"
76561197976292568,Recommended,641990,34786231,Posted: 6 September,all,LordNinja,"Fantastic game, my girlfriend and I have had a blast playing this for 3 days straight! Very different feel than anything I have played... simple gameplay challenging goal. Give it a try!"
76561198131941618,Recommended,641990,34529803,Posted: 27 August,all,LC_Steel,"The game is fun to play, i haven't had any crashes or bugs."
76561198172680326,Recommended,641990,34445990,Posted: 23 August,all,GruziX,"Pros: Doesnt get boringHas a multiplayer modeInteresting prisonsChallengingMuch prisonsLocal modePrivate modeVersus modeCharacter customizationCons:BugsNeeds more players not only 4 players but also more for multiplayerSame as escapists 1 but with other prisons, versus mode and multiplayer mode and also with more customizationOverall:This is a great game but it needs more players.Suggestion: I think you should make a mode like Guards vs Prisoners guards are guarding the prison and prisoners need to escape and you get levels so u can be example SWAT, Swat leader, prison guard etc"
76561198076470667,Not Recommended,641990,34442787,Posted: 23 August,all,England is my city,"The game's graphics, UI, interactions and dialog are certainly a step up from the previous game.However,-For the 4 hours of playtime i have, it crashed around 10 times (1-2 times even deleting it's own .exe file in its steam folder)-Sometimes when i start a new game, it loads but im left staring at the loading screen, while hearing the ingame sounds.-The inability to turn off autosave makes failing an escape incredibly frustrating.-The game seems very unoptimised (I'm unable to hit 60fps even without shadows on)Now, some ingame stuff that i feel like has to change-Whenever a prisoner / guard is down on the ground, give the players more time to pick up items / create plastic keys.The medics come in a matter of seconds, leaving you no time to check their inventory.-The guards sometimes spot you through walls.-Once spotted in someone else's cell, if you do not exit quick enough, your heat goes up to 99%, which is just ridiculous."
76561197981726846,Recommended,641990,34479137,Posted: 25 August,all,BruceLel,"For 19,99 bucks this is a great game."
,Recommended,641990,34525181,Posted: 27 August,all,Cris( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),oi dis pretty good gaem but gets borinbg sometimes
,Not Recommended,641990,34427247,Posted: 22 August,all,wildjwildj,"Refunded.Can't believe there was so much promotion and ""preorder hype"" over this."
,Recommended,641990,34409244,Posted: 21 August,all,Lunessia|Rem Cult,"This game was clearly not tested for multiplayer.If you get disconnected/your game crashes, and you rejoin, you lose your skills, and your money, meaning you have to grind again for intellect. And this game crashes pretty frequently for some. (You do get to keep your items, though, but who really cares if you have to spend 3+ days grinding your stats back up)Pvp combat in this game is basically who can strafe around like a retard the best. It's great when I'm trying to hit someone and he's right behind me by the time I'm done with my swing. Did I mention there's pvp combat, in a cooperative gamemode? Yep. So you can get manhunted over and over because everyone knows who everyone is just by pressing escape, which is the only escape you're gonna get if your friends don't want to cooperate. Did I mention that there's big arrows on the map telling you who's who?The singleplayer stuff, however, is stellar. You get the assurance of being able to save without losing all of your stats to a ""the escapists 2 has stopped working""since I have to give this game a thumbs up or down rating, I'll have to give it a thumbs up. Its singleplayer is great, but its multiplayer feels carded in.Edit: They fixed the multiplayer saving."
76561198005367930,Recommended,641990,34539232,Posted: 27 August,all,Shadowseer,I was wondering why the hell this game was taking up 70% of my CPU... the game was running in 1080 at 1600fps... WTFAlso is good game.
,Recommended,641990,34448532,Posted: 23 August,all,nene,"This game is great!Some bugs here and there but those will be fixed soon and most are already fixed!If You enjoyed The escapists 1, then The escapists 2 is a great game and u will enjoy It for sure!Titatovenaar"
76561198044991353,Not Recommended,641990,34411632,Posted: 22 August,all,Gilgamesh,"while the base game is certianly fun, it is filled with bugs, and thus I can't really reccomend it, if they patch the game the I will change this to a plus"
,Recommended,641990,34571322,Posted: 29 August,all,EquaDude,"A brilliant game. A big improvement from the firstPros:- Freedom in how you achieve your goal- Runs smoothly and looks nice- A big improvement on game aspects and content from the firstCons:There is only one bad thing about it, and that is that some escape routes are multiplayer only and some are singleplayer only, and it doesn't tell you which is which. So you could be is SP, working towards an escape, it may take you several hours to get there, only to find out that """"You can't do this by yourself"""", and then you find out that all you have done has achieved nothing and you need to completely replan. No Matter How Long It Took You.Other than that it's a good game."
76561198342195288,Not Recommended,641990,34576005,Posted: 29 August,all,Andy O.,"It's a pretty fun game, I'll give it that. But it really doesn't live up to the hype it recieved before it's release. It's filled with bugs, so many that to be honest it hardly seems like a full release. And the community wanted more sandbox ways to escape, but they didn't actually add any sandbox escapes, just scripted events that when you do, you don't have the feeling of having escaped a prison. It's kind of a letdown to be honest. It isn't what people thought it would be. I feel like it has great potential if the devs fix these bugs, add new sandbox ways of escaping, and improve the game in various other ways, but as it is now, I wouldn't reccomend it."
76561198147981027,Recommended,641990,34776116,Posted: 6 September,all,commoondo,great game fun to play solo and with freinds i love playing it with my cousin. :}
76561198205738251,Recommended,641990,34783821,Posted: 6 September,all,GrayIsTheBest,"It is the best game I have ever seen, I love the mechanics and the graphics, But my favourite part is escaping from the prisons and getting an achivement for it!"
,Recommended,641990,34737992,Posted: 4 September,all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
,Recommended,641990,34418145,Posted: 22 August,all,Carla Shaw,"Multiplayer is completely broken, but all in all a good game"
,Not Recommended,641990,34407137,Posted: 21 August,all,Captain Iceberg,unless some very very big glitches are fixed Do not buy this game. I have crashed the game and lost all items on me all my stat increases and all my desk loot. and It hapened multiple times. I have also gotten stuck in the journal menu multiple times which makes me close the game and also loses my progress.   And the UI is meh due to the left mouse button being punch which for me is the finger I use ot interact maturallly and I end up punching guards a lot or other prisoners. So to sum up  unless fixed I would not vuy this game or recomend anyone else to do so.
,Recommended,641990,34408314,Posted: 21 August,all,Jake0lightning,first day playing out of many.... very fun ive played the first so many improvements gg
,Not Recommended,641990,34504259,Posted: 26 August,all,nykz,"The graphics have vastly improved from the first game, that's about the only positive thing i can say about this game.Tedious, linear gameplay. Majority of items have either the same or no purpose.This has about as much depth as your average mobile game.Unless they allow workshop content so people can design more prisons to play, this game isn't worth it, too expensive for what it is. And considering they are already selling ""DLC"" for this, i wouldn't hold my breath."
,Recommended,641990,34773789,Posted: 6 September,all,AquaticToaster,> Woke up> Punched Cellmate> Knocked out by a guard> Thrown in the medical ward> Missed roll call> Mauled by a guard dog> Thrown in solitary because I had contraband16/10 - Didn't pick up any items yet.
,Recommended,641990,34562430,Posted: 28 August,all,Andricus,"I bought this game because I liked The Escapists 1, and so far it's been a big improvement over the last one. However, I have encountered a few major glitches.I mostly play this Multiplayer with my friend, and I don't encounter many glitches. But my friend has encountered a fair amount of major glitches, for example: When he tries to take something like a poster or a fake vent cover down it just vanishes and doesn't go into his inventory. So I have to do that for him.But the biggest game breaker he's encountered and I haven't is, Sometimes when either the game crashes or he exits the game, He loses a lot of progress, one time he lost progress on H.M.S Orca and Airforce Con, Another time he lost his perimeter break out on Rattlesnake Springs. I have not encountered this glitch yet, However, he is on Mac and I'm on Windows so that might have something to do with it.PROS:Improved Graphics.Very active Devs.A fair amount of content.Co-Op and VersusTransport Prisons.Character CustomizationWell Designed Prisons.Unique EscapesFunny ending dialogue.Now there is more than 1 type of guard!Guard heat and star system.CONS:Doesn't have an editor. (yet)Seems to have a decent amount of bugs.Might have been a bit overhyped.There seems to be some sort of exploit with the leaderboards, for example, The person who escaped rattlesnake springs the fastest escaped in ""0 hours 0 minutes and 0 seconds"".UPDATE: They recently fixed the graphics settings issue in a recent update! :)8/10 It's a very fun game but has a few major problems."
76561198061125835,Recommended,641990,34568786,Posted: 28 August,all,¤Dust the Dragon¤,"The game is pretty fun. Of course, it's better with friends, or the helpful people online.That being said, there are some things that should have measures taken against.Example, trolls that pick up items and purposefully get caught by the guards. That's an immediate breakout wipe right there if the digging tools or keys are lost.There are also plenty of players that are ingame using CODEX as their name. I may not be 100% correct on calling them out on this, but these players are more than likely people that pirated the game and found a way to play online with their falsely obtained copy. There should be a way to block them from accessing multiplayer, or the game entirely, if they don't actually own it."
76561198217209293,Recommended,641990,34802394,Posted: 7 September,all,Swedish Maniac,This game is great.
,Recommended,641990,34424037,Posted: 22 August,all,CouchSniffer,Pretty good! Just needs some bug polish that they will hopefully fix soon!
,Recommended,641990,34424298,Posted: 22 August,all,Deo Favente,Played a few hours with no bugs or issues which from what I can tell from some reviews is luckyCool game so far :) good fun to just walk around and work out how to escape
,Recommended,641990,34408267,Posted: 21 August,all,Prazon,"Love this game, reminds me of Prison Architect and SS13.Make mode with player controlled guards vs player controlled prisoners pls"
,Recommended,641990,34423888,Posted: 22 August,all,SavageDoggo,"There are (near) game breaking bugs that absolutely NEED to be addressed, but I will still choose to recommend this game for any player that is interested in a quirky prison escape game to share with friends.Bugs:-Highlight doesn't follow mouse in menus-Arrow gets stuck on job if quota isn't reached (or randomly)-Many missions will randomly glitch (items unavailable, not complete, etc)-Farming job often will not give you a trowel-Security cameras occasionally trigger for no reason just long enough to make a guard come and beat you up-Very rarely, items will disappear out of your inventory (I tried to put duct tape into my desk and the picture turned into a paintbrush called Duct Tape and then later disappeared entirely)-(Was it intentional to make electric fences shock you under ground?)Requests:-Please make an option for friendly fire* (target with mouse 3, but would still be nice to turn off)-Make multiplayer SAVE PROGRESS even if someone leaves. Losing connection entirely screws you besides the swag bag.*-If you get a job during the job time, please make it start on the NEXT job time-If you're dying and brought into the infirmary, please make it NOT affect the stars/guard amount (Some way to prevent hiding in the infirmary as a way to ditch any time could be ensuring low health/ensuring KO prior)-The ability to recruitPROS:-Fun and quirky-Great multiplayer for single run prisons (if you must disconnect, you lose all levels and relationships)-Unique ways to escape, simple crafting-Many unique and very cool new prisons and missionsCONS:-Rushed to release, many bugs-multiplayer only works for single runs, don't dc or you lose all progress-Not all that many add-ons compared to the original-Entirely devoted to escaping as opposed to staying and building up prior"
76561198386382773,Recommended,641990,34425535,Posted: 22 August,all,Nihurr,THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN
,Recommended,641990,34505983,Posted: 26 August,all,Tylord,"The game crashes a lot, i would love this to be fixed"
76561198273162958,Recommended,641990,34501567,Posted: 26 August,all,KAT-woman,This game is really good! I think you should by it! the side for the game makes it look badder than it is!! + there is online multiplayer on this one! i look forward to playing it with someone!!
76561198088481940,Recommended,641990,34451122,Posted: 23 August,all,Carsonred,"I absolutely love the game. I actually had my doubts that if wouldn't hold up to the first Escapists, but I really love the game. Multiplayer definitley has some bugs, but I put my faith entirely in the devs to fix them. The devs for this game were awesome for the first game, so hopefully they care enough about Escapists 2. They already have fixed some issues with the game and I haven't had much issue playing with my friends."
,Not Recommended,641990,34514383,Posted: 26 August,all,LoyalSoldier,"I'll re-rate this when they fix it, but this game is one gigantic glitch fest and not just a few tiny ones, but massive numbers of game breaking glitches that will totally screw you over.I'm sorry, this is not release quality.  It's unacceptable.   The game's fun...WHEN IT WORKS!  But I'm getting tired of wasting time only to get screwed over by some glitch that should have been fixed before release."
76561198146239445,Recommended,641990,34408407,Posted: 21 August,all,Calaca76,"amazing game, its run's nice the mechanics are nice and i really like the idea of transport prison's and diferent ways to escape rather than only breaking the perimeter witch it's and option.overall 10/10"
,Recommended,641990,34411576,Posted: 22 August,all,Gezbo,"I read a few reviews says stuff like ""Game Breaking Bugs"" and ""Multiplayer Desync/Issues"" and either these people have dial up and are trying to run the game on Windows2000 or Im extremely lucky. From the moment the game was playable a friend and I  hopped in for 6 hours straight, no issues, no lag, perfect gameplay.The game implemented Multiplayer elements perfectly, nothing feels broken or like you're cheating. It's a great game to ♥♥♥♥ around with or go head to head in the versus mode.Solid 9/10, great co-op game. Do recommend."
,Recommended,641990,34405154,Posted: 21 August,all,p1,"Playing with a friend because that's how I find it funAll we do is just kill eachother, 10/10 game."
,Recommended,641990,34405744,Posted: 21 August,all,☯Dream_3R☯,Super fun!  Thumbs up to the devs.  :D
76561198073006159,Recommended,641990,34417563,Posted: 22 August,all,PinTheBaller,"Yet again Team17 bring us another great game.Escapists 2 will make you play over and over again with far more different mechanics and escapes methods than the previous game.Escapists 2 is a must buy while it has just come out. I have only logged a few hours since reviewing this and I am immersed in it already.Many prisons to escape from.Many skills to be learnt.(Sneak 100)Many inmates to ally with or to be shanked with.Many favours to complete.Plenty of play time within this game. Jump on by yourself or with a friends to escape together.Co-op really brings the room together.Nothing else to be said. Amazing, simple game for what it is and the price."
,Recommended,641990,34418689,Posted: 22 August,all,Zaven,10 of 10 better then previous escapist game
76561198171231629,Recommended,641990,34413984,Posted: 22 August,all,I don't care anymore,This is a HUGE upgrade from the escapists 1 I LOVE IT SO MUCH I recommend it SO much!
,Recommended,641990,34633558,Posted: 31 August,all,BrianTheMouse,Really good game! Any minor glitches encountered have been patched very quickly. Having a lot of fun playing it and look forward to more content
76561198240639734,Recommended,641990,34567243,Posted: 28 August,all,BOOM_Daniel2,"Really Good. Worth the money. If you liked the escapists, you'll deferently love this"
,Recommended,641990,34621634,Posted: 30 August,all,Melty,Dank.Play it.Buy it.Love it.Beat the first few prisons.Get bored of it.Forget about it.See that a third game is going to be released.Play it again.Buy the new one.Repeat (per game.)
76561198109863399,Recommended,641990,34422247,Posted: 22 August,all,Rieska csgoroll.com,"It's like the first game but even better. Although the games controls may need some time to understand and the game might be buggy (but hey, today is the release day) it's still a pretty good game.Update: I have now played the multiplayer and it was pretty good. It's a good thing that the developers are updating the game so frequently."
76561198361109387,Recommended,641990,35009401,Posted: 16 September,all,bradam2001,Best Game Ever!
,Recommended,641990,34460857,Posted: 24 August,all,Ian,"Great game, especially multiplayer. The devs have fixed the biggest bugs in my mind in less then a week. Thank you guys!"
76561198170892634,Recommended,641990,35027517,Posted: 17 September,all,PieDemon,AWSOME
76561198042370821,Recommended,641990,35002751,Posted: 16 September,all,[420] UnicornsRock,"Just about everything in this game involves a fight, better work your stats up!I would describe the sprites and graphics of the maps and characters as Final Fantasy SNES style, but prison themed. Like a Hitman Blood Money sandbox style simulation you must escape for various prison level scenarios."
76561197993250764,Recommended,641990,34563540,Posted: 28 August,all,Atuday,"I like this game but, there are a few problems. Some items just don't work as intended or as described. Also some of the jobs players can do in the prisons dont work right. Aside from that it is a fun game."
76561198333788074,Not Recommended,641990,34561838,Posted: 28 August,all,Amazing Muffin,"The game is good, except I lose some keys and achievements every time I lost the game, I used to have rattlesnake springs perimeter breakout and it's gone, I used to have cougar creek railroad hooked on you and my little phoney; I used the reviews to ask for help (complain) about this massive glitch. I would have to give this a negative review because this makes some levels unplayable since you don't have enough keys."
76561198003922319,Not Recommended,641990,34426139,Posted: 22 August,all,Ephorneus,"The game itself might be good, but I'm frustrated with all the bugs. My mouse doesn't work, and workarounds are a little ridiculous. I don't feel like it should be necessary to disable drivers to be able to use the game. I will reconsider my review if they're able to get the problems fixed fairly quickly. At this point, it certainly isn't worth what I paid for it."
76561198376560656,Not Recommended,641990,34426317,Posted: 22 August,all,Some Monkey,"Yo, can u guys make it so that u dont get a stat reset when u rejoin the same server that u came out of with the same stats"
,Not Recommended,641990,34436749,Posted: 23 August,all,Ðel,the quality of the game in its current state is probably at most beta and not really a finished polished game.- items constantly buggying out and changing what they are.(very frustrating)- co-op items with jobs don't sync probably and end up being a different colour from what the host has(need to ask him what colour it is to put it in the right place).- person joining loses stats gained if they disconnect/crash from host.I'm sure they will eventually fix all this stuff... but for now its just too damn frustrating.Won't be touching this one for a while
76561198031966867,Not Recommended,641990,34430047,Posted: 22 August,all,Hoozer,"I love the puzzle aspect, I dislike the mechanics-instruction void.  I do not want the answers, or even hints about what to do.   A clue or two about HOW things(read: items/tools) react/behave would be nice however."
,Not Recommended,641990,34446503,Posted: 23 August,all,gayflannelshirtguy69,"Good game, can/cannot recommend it, take this review as an in-between Yes and No because playing it with friends makes the game go a lot faster, at this point there is no determination to continue, because we don't want to beat the game. The multiplayer escape on rattlesnake springs (The second prison) is a instant win. They give you all the tools you need to escape from that area right off the bat, and most of the other ""unique"" singleplayer escapes can be done on day 1. Its a great game it just needs to be fixed in the aspect of it going by extremely fast."
,Not Recommended,641990,34423234,Posted: 22 August,all,BurntBacon,"I boght this game for both me and my friend to play together, it really does have potential and could be a great game but unfortunately, a few problems ruin it - the game crashes way too much and when if a friend is in your game when either they or you crash they lose all of their stats, so basically for someone playing in your game there is literally no point raising stats or they'll just waste time - as well as that, many times other bugs just happen, the main one for me is when me and my friend are going to take out a guard for a key I am unable to attack for no reason, causing my friend to be knocked out as he's on his own as well as once I was unable to put my fake vent cover back and my friend was able to but when he did it just disappered. I've uninstalled it now, I don't think I'm going to play it again until they fix these things eitherEdit - ♥♥♥♥ this game, it's full of nothing but bugs and anticonsumer, shady buisness practises, they still haven't fixed crashing or playes losing stats when they leave, they lied about the glorious regime being pre-purchase exclusive as only 2 ♥♥♥♥ing days after release you can buy it and there is already a season pass when it's in this state,they gave copies to famous youtubers to get others to buy this piece of grabage, I don't reccomend this at all"
,Not Recommended,641990,34724141,Posted: 3 September,all,Rokkr Ulfr,"wtf happened. things they added a new look and UI, multiplayer and more customization but atm they added a hell of alot of bugs and error/crashes into this game, and somehow they release it early."
76561198405007269,Recommended,641990,35190858,Posted: 24 September,all,Dimto,"In my opinion this is a really fun game, because its pixel graphics, u can use the steam controller, and other stuffy stuff."
,Recommended,641990,34427256,Posted: 22 August,all,Storm Funsoms,"let's be honest, im just too lazy to put a bad review then good review once everything is fixed. sooo there is alot of buygs and glitches as of right now! playing with a friend and everything we do makes the game crash! my friend all of a sudden turned blue and somehow equiped a guard outfit he didnt even have in his inventory! made the whole prison go into lockdown.. the devs have alot to fix, but the game is pretty good(once it's playable)"
,Not Recommended,641990,34494350,Posted: 25 August,all,904Savage,Glitchy as hell in its current state.
76561198257728130,Recommended,641990,34495206,Posted: 25 August,all,Bandit boy,its good game coop is fun better than the first game and club penguin island plz bring back club penguin Dank corky
76561198065720302,Recommended,641990,34686596,Posted: 2 September,all,spookdor,"I'ts great, I love the previous game and i love this one they keep bringing out constant bug fixes and updates and the gameplay and prisons are top notch. I definately reccomend this one"
76561198256746848,Recommended,641990,34727715,Posted: 3 September,all,Bronquesh csgoroll.com,"i loved the first and then when i saw this i thougth it would be better, sadly it didnt work out for me. i have a windows computer and every time i hit ESC or i go to a quest my game crashes so i have been trying to play with my friends for about an hour and every 5 minutes it crashes, but in those 5 minutes i thought this is the best game ever. Yes i tried everything."
76561198313045412,Recommended,641990,34847716,Posted: 9 September,all,BillyBoB,I think you should put a lot more prisones
,Recommended,641990,34865362,Posted: 10 September,all,TheIce,Good Game (Rating: 10/10)-----------------------------Fun gameEasy to learnFun to play multiplayer with friends-----------------------------Features I wish they add!Play as guard(multiplayer only 1v4 basicly you have 1 player guard rest are CPU)
76561198145350498,Recommended,641990,34885619,Posted: 11 September,all,☭Cλptλin℟ex☭,The first escapist is much better. But this has co-op and cooler prisons.
76561198070305535,Recommended,641990,34437652,Posted: 23 August,all,browny,It's a fun game but still has some crashing problems
,Recommended,641990,34467851,Posted: 24 August,all,Merrk,glitchy but sick
76561198047436080,Recommended,641990,34491517,Posted: 25 August,all,Alex,"ok so first things first i'm a returning player from ""The Escapist"" so i do have some quams with this but nothing deal breaking, So first up let me list the prospro's.looks better.combat is more invovled.multi-level prisons.multiplayer.time trial escapes.requires plenty of planningthats everything i can mention of the top of my head so let's roll out the inmates (cons *bdum tssss*)cons.the interaction key has been changed to E.combat mode is no longer a thing you just click to punch.alot of glitchs right now that make certain actions impossible.to my knowledge you can't block cameras with toothpaste anymore (please correct if wrong)thats really all i can say for it.so yea not a perfect game but the flaws don't ruin it for me i reccomend buying it if you enjoyed the first one or like planning elborate escapes"
,Recommended,641990,34494910,Posted: 25 August,all,Dingus,"The game is good, the crashing is not."
,Recommended,641990,34826614,Posted: 8 September,all,◕‿↼ aidenhood ◕‿↼,WARNING: this game is super fun i have played it for 43 hours!
76561198211140401,Recommended,641990,34484122,Posted: 25 August,all,ThatOneGuy,"Pretty good game, and I know this came out not too long ago, but it's starting to not respond about the 5th or 6th time I launched it. Idk if it's my CPU but I hope it will work better"
76561198147208918,Recommended,641990,34442097,Posted: 23 August,all,Crwn_G,"well i loved the game and i still play it, if you have friends its perfect, and its decent for the price tag, BUT the game is still REALLY buggy and sometimes i get frustrated so i hope it gets fixed since its pretty new.Bugs that i have seen:1. Invisible spotlights: i was about to escape the 4th prison until an invisible spotlight catches me and had to start ALL over again, i got frustrated2.hits not landing: i like the combat of this game its really fun and tactical but sometimes your punches wont land leaving you exposed to just be knocked out fast.3.items dissapearing: sometimes the game says i have the item in my inventory once i wanna craft something it dissapears and its were you found it like the desk i was playing multiplayer so it could be lag or a bugOverall the game is really fun soundtrack is good and this is an example that to make a fun game you dont need fancy graphics and the game dosnt limits you the amount of stuff you can do on this sanbod prison game.yes i do recommend it, i hope it gets alot of updates and more players to go on versus for being early realease its a good experience for any type of gamer."
,Recommended,641990,34444130,Posted: 23 August,all,trymuch_,"Pros:Tons to do in-game, multiplayer is decent. Very good crafting system, fun combat.Cons:Some bugs, but nothing that can't be fixed in the near future."
,Recommended,641990,34444675,Posted: 23 August,all,pants,slightly buggy but petty neat
76561198050392281,Recommended,641990,34447240,Posted: 23 August,all,Sundance,"Great game, but it needs to be worked on. There are bugs that kind of screw you over, but i would recommend this game as they will be worked out."
,Recommended,641990,34466202,Posted: 24 August,all,The Thickness,"I was skeptical of buying due to the negative reviews, but every day they are releasing updates to fix any gripes the community has. In the current state of the game, multiplayer has worked completely for my friend and I besides a few bugs here and there that do not take away from the overall value of the game."
,Recommended,641990,34479084,Posted: 25 August,all,Exayne,"My friend crashes every 5 minutes... Other than that, buy the game!"
,Recommended,641990,34671218,Posted: 1 September,all,Ketpreme,Brought this Game for me and 2 Friends <3 Dedication or what...
76561198067997083,Recommended,641990,34750520,Posted: 4 September,all,AvG.XPM,"good game, i like this game"
,Recommended,641990,35256076,Posted: 27 September,all,Salmonator,GG
,Not Recommended,641990,34702671,Posted: 2 September,all,Nice Guy,Constant crashes... plz fix
,Recommended,641990,34472915,Posted: 24 August,all,MVRIIK,"I got sent to this max security prizo for making early access games and not following through with them. I was picked up on the interstate in my Ferrari on my day off. ( I had all my days off since I don't update my game)Anyway, the cop who pulled me over thought he was slick and made me suck his stuff. ♥♥♥♥ you No Mans Sky.Anyway my name is Sean Murray. And this is my story."
,Recommended,641990,35076951,Posted: 19 September,all,♥Cammy♥,"Never really played the first Escapists, nor TWD Escapists, but I can already say without a doubt I love both of them with how I know I love this game already, from the clever mechanics of fitness and smarts to craft items, to how funny prison beatdowns get, I love this game period."
76561198353432132,Not Recommended,641990,34874385,Posted: 10 September,all,MrWizzMASTER,this game sooooo boring you do nothing but get items. playing online is a big mess do not get this game
,Recommended,641990,35068707,Posted: 19 September,all,Officer meepmeep,The guards are HOT af! ;3
,Recommended,641990,34405736,Posted: 21 August,all,RiceWaffel,Noice
,Recommended,641990,34479905,Posted: 25 August,all,ItzChaoZ,Fun game especially with friends.
,Recommended,641990,34422517,Posted: 22 August,all,Spicy_Stalker,the escapists 2 is a great game but it is a bit buggy which i expected for a new released game.i recommend buying it now because it is really fun
,Not Recommended,641990,34492475,Posted: 25 August,all,Orange,"This game had hype build up for it, and for me, was a huge let down. It's a lot easier to escape and it's just really boring. I encoutered a lot of bugs, and the only things that are new are transport prisons, the space prison, and co-op. I got bored of this game in 4 hours. The prisons are also oversized and take forever to memorize the layout exactly. Also, when you knock someone out, you have a short time to loot them, before the ""medics"" come to pick their body up and take them to the infirmary. As soon as the body is picked up by the Sonic fast medics, the menu closes. Also, cell searchs are a lot easier with the new ""hidden compartment"" feature, some may argue this makes this better so you dont have to grind as much, but that isnt an issue with the high paying favors. I got 50 currency for flooding a toilet. A screwdriver is 40 coins, that payout makes this way too easy.If you plan on buying this game, also make sure you have someone to play with and that this game has gone through many patches to fix the bugs and low difficulty."
76561198075500537,Recommended,641990,34721915,Posted: 3 September,all,twitch.tv/rainbow_trout_,"pretty fun for first 10 hours, sadly becomes irrelevant because how long can you play a prison escape game? really, think about it."
,Not Recommended,641990,34420967,Posted: 22 August,all,Knugen,Can't Even Play The Game!
76561198072720027,Recommended,641990,34421338,Posted: 22 August,all,Jeff,"I have to recommend this game in terms of gameplay. They fixed all the problems I had with the old game like the crafting, combat, quest variety, repetition, and many others. However, the game is currently extremely buggy. I can only hope that the devs quickly work to fix everything as fast as they can."
,Not Recommended,641990,34999532,Posted: 16 September,all,Zebrion,"As much as I love the gameplay of this game... I can't recommend it.It's simply too unstable.  It crashes literally every 5 minutes.  I can't go a whole prison day without a freeze/crash happening.  I've tried every suggested fix.  I've swapped out video cards, RAM, hard drives in my PC.I'm sorry, but if you can't get your game to run long enough to finish a single gameplay loop without a crash, I cannot effectively play the game.I have asked for a refund for the product, and whether I receive it or not, I don't see myself coming back to play it again."
,Not Recommended,641990,35037050,Posted: 17 September,all,bequan,"It's good, but it definitely shouldn't be $20"
,Recommended,641990,34457565,Posted: 24 August,all,NutGutt,"This game is not perfect, there are still bugs, but, people are giving way to much crap to the game. Almost all my problems have been fixed in the first 2 patches and the game is just fun. Playing with your friends is a blast and the new prisons are fantastic. The graphics are great and gameplay is smooth."
,Not Recommended,641990,34554066,Posted: 28 August,all,PIKA! ୧~^-^~୨,"Pre-ordered the game 12 days before the release.Game released.Game kept crashing and couldn't even play.Waited for some patches.Game update 1, no crash fix.Game update 2, no crash fix.Game update 3, no crash fix.Gave up and refunded..11/10 would pre-order again.Game is very rushed and its so buggy at this stage, i wouldn't spend my money on it, yet."
76561198106390734,Not Recommended,641990,34676573,Posted: 1 September,all,XeroxV,"This game is overrated. For each prison, there are around 3-4 ways to escape. All you have to do is grind, steal items from your inmates and you are good to go. You just have to wait for the right items to spawn and you can escape fairly easy.-What is the purpose of control room when you can control nothing.-What is the purpose of social room when you can't communicate with the NPCs.-No point having a visitor room where no one will visit you.-Opinion is basically useless. You can't join forces to beat up cops. So what for having a high opinion.-Craft some essential items that are needed to escape. Head to the small room that is located in the north, press E . Yes literally just press E and you can escape. Quite interesting eh??The map is well designed and the graphic is good compared to escapists.But you can't do anything with the 'beautiful' rooms, they are just decorations.Lots of bugs and I think it might take years to fix it Lol.- Items will spawn randomly in my desk and disappear randomly.-When you are in the middle of the fight and you suddenly can't hit or block for some reason.-When it is 12pm but it show breakfast time. When it's free time but the yellow arrow glitched and point towards the job room.- The map fort tundra is the best. No animation. You stand still while sleeping . You can hit ppl but your hands are not moving. Still standing when you are dead.OK. Let's ignore the bugs ,even if this game is bug free I still wouldn't recommend this game because it's so boring . Search your inmates' desks and you can basically escape all prisons.Why release this game so early when it's unfinished . Season paaaassss - more mappppsss with 3-4 escape ways. This shows that team17 jst want $$ and they basically ruined their own game.Desks -> Keys and guard outfit -> Freedom"
76561197990289606,Not Recommended,641990,34815030,Posted: 8 September,all,"Aaron, The Hunter","After you make couple escapes, the difficulty drops significantly. There's no replayability once you completed missions. Unless game developers deliver maps with clever leveling on a regular basis, it becomes tedious."
,Not Recommended,641990,34843503,Posted: 9 September,all,Toastmaster 1B14,"This game does not feel finished. I reccomend the first game over this by an absolutely long way.Cons:-Massive, clunky UI-QTE minigames to increase stats-God help you if you try and interact with anything after getting used to the first game-Far less intuitive-GUI needs a lot of work-Environments are far too busy and distracting-Fights break out every two and a half seconds instead of a couple times every day-Autosave instead of nightly saving, which completely throws off the risk/reward system in the original, and it also results in being able to reload after getting sent to solitary.-Everyone carries their weapons openly and the guards don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥-Irritating YouTuber cameos-Just about everyone is indefinately selling items, while in the original it was only ever two at a time-Wandering staff and unlocked staffrooms everywhere-Minimap-Wait timers for solitary, and waiting for a medic to carry you to the infirmaryPros:-Reworked combat, you can block now-The music maintained the quality of the last game, which is to say pretty damn good-More character variety, making it easier to distinguish prisoners-Co-op, which is currently one of the few things stopping me from returning it-The overall security tightens when you cause some kind of chaos-To be honest I genuinely can't think of much more I like.I give it a 3.5/10Don't buy it.Buy the original, it's really good, only $5, and has a level editor."
,Not Recommended,641990,34893189,Posted: 11 September,all,Masonkiksbut Society.gg,Lacked the charm and the ui of the old one also the music sucked wait for sale also♥♥♥♥♥♥dlc tactics wtf man dlc right after ♥♥♥♥ing release?!?!?!? what the ♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,641990,34424238,Posted: 22 August,all,MK~XW,fantastic gameBUT I wanted it to not crash so oftenand the price always can't show in chinese languageplzzzzzzzzzzzz fix it as soonand*2 plz add friendly fire options in coop mode as possibleAND*3 THE G*D D**N SERVER
,Not Recommended,641990,35399432,Posted: 1 October,all,DmL_1uk3,"I love the game, I try to play it, but everytime i get on, within a few minutes keybindings stop working. and I can't hit, or move, or somthing thats always inconvenient to what i'm doing, which drives me away from the game very quickly, otherwise, the game it very fun when it is working, I have a feeling that this is a problem caused due to problems on my side so i'll still leave a positive recommendationEdit: found out the problem isn't somthing that i'm only going through, so i'm changing my recommendation to ""No""."
76561198024050779,Not Recommended,641990,34869425,Posted: 10 September,all,Phrenze,"The problem with this game is you know what you have to do from the get go but doing it is very tedious. The basic loop is1.) grind money through doing jobs2.) buy tool parts3.) build an escape tool (shovel, cutters, pickaxe)4.) use the tool till it breaks (after very little progress)5.) repeat 1 - 4Also, once you've escpaed each prison there is not really a reason to replay it unless you want to escape a different way for achievements.Lastly, you have realtionship meters with the other inmates but all that seems to determine is whether or not they will sell to you. It would be nice if there were a way to get them to work with you."
,Not Recommended,641990,34801779,Posted: 7 September,all,Future_Mo,I was enjoying this game....Until my game destroyed all my progress and saves.
76561198240722070,Recommended,641990,34541933,Posted: 27 August,all,AMP3X,"escaping is my forte,england is my city"
76561198252661490,Not Recommended,641990,34420869,Posted: 22 August,all,teerex1213,this game is terrrrrrrrrible would not recommend does not work
,Recommended,641990,34496938,Posted: 25 August,all,Daryl,"""The first night's the toughest, no doubt about it. They march you in naked as the day you were born, skin burning and half blind from that delousing♥♥♥♥♥♥they throw on you, and when they put you in that cell... and those bars slam home... that's when you know it's for real. A whole life blown away in the blink of an eye. Nothing left but all the time in the world to think about it.""""I wish I could tell you that Andy fought the good fight, and the Sisters let him be. I wish I could tell you that - but prison is no fairy-tale world. He never said who did it, but we all knew. Things went on like that for awhile - prison life consists of routine, and then more routine. Every so often, Andy would show up with fresh bruises. The Sisters kept at him - sometimes he was able to fight 'em off, sometimes not. And that's how it went for Andy - that was his routine. I do believe those first two years were the worst for him, and I also believe that if things had gone on that way, this place would have got the best of him.""You are all probably wondering why Im quoting ""The Shawshank Redemption""Simple really. Because that movie is the only ""guide/walkthrough"" you ever need to break out of Prison.That, a poster of Raquel Welch, a Bible and a pickaxe for rocks.10/10 - Guide to appreciating Zihuatanejo, Mexico. (after crawling through 2 football fields worth of sewage pipe. Mexico looks so good)"
,Not Recommended,641990,34632499,Posted: 31 August,all,Lord Salty,"Great game, too many random crashes to warrant a good review right now :/"
76561198298093149,Not Recommended,641990,34894302,Posted: 11 September,all,England Is My City,"Well it was good at first. but then i realized it was basically the same as the escapists 1 with better graphics and multiplayer. and to be honest i liked the 8-bit style better. if you wanted to play this game with your friends but you couldn't in escapists 1 it might be worth the extra $2 but if you just wanted to escape the prisons by yourself buy the first one, it saves you $2.."
,Not Recommended,641990,34714564,Posted: 3 September,all,Febfourteen,Definitely not worth the money
76561198015981292,Not Recommended,641990,34792432,Posted: 7 September,all,Failboy,The Interface is the most frustratring piece of s**t in a long time....) not responsive.) definitely not made with mouse&keyboard in mindThe bugs....infuriating. Loosing all your progress because you can't close the fing interface...uhhhDon't by if you're expecting a smooth gaming experience
,Recommended,641990,34431282,Posted: 22 August,all,y1annis,fun game to play w/ friends
,Not Recommended,641990,34682678,Posted: 2 September,all,CeyeN,"Jus keeps crashing, Good game, but i'm not able to play it."
76561198075650842,Not Recommended,641990,34864503,Posted: 10 September,all,alex,its like a DLC except they took the fun retro graphics and animations and turned them into a boring mess of pixels
,Recommended,641990,34911209,Posted: 12 September,all,Non-fat Yogurt,"The Escapists 2 is the sequel to the Escapists(No♥♥♥♥♥♥sherlock) and attempts to upgrade upon the normal Escapists Gameplay and tries to add its own special features as wellOpinionThe Escapists 2 is definitely a game worth buying. It features many unique prisons that are more difficult than the original Escapists prisons and also more unique. The soundtrack is mediocre(though the Rattlesnake Springs Meal Time Track is flipping awesome).Escapists, The Escapists Walking Dead, or The Escapists 2?What the Escapists 2 does lack is the charm of the original Escapists. This game does offer a lot of charm, but isn't as charming as the original. Thus I enjoyed the original game more so than this sequel. The original game brought me and I never wanted to get out(plz no sex jokes) while this sequel was just a jump in and exit(once again, no sex jokes). Nostalgia does play into my opinions, but is only a margin of it. The Escapists: The Walking Dead isn't as good as this game though. I loved TETWD, but it isn't nearly as fun as TE or TE2.ComparisonGameplay:    TE  =  TE2Charm:          TE  >   TE2Techniques/Escapes:     TE  <  TE2Prisons:     TE  < TE2Soundtrack:    TE  >  TE2Graphics:     TE   =   TE2(Both are equally appealing to me. Each sets their own mood and vibe)OverallOverall, The Escapists 2 is a game definitely worth picking up. Though it can be glitchy or laggy at times(at the moment), it is still worth buying and playing. It is definitely something that you will remember and cherish forever.9.5/10"
76561198360909620,Recommended,641990,34438197,Posted: 23 August,all,Lime,A few complaints about bugs but not enough to make me want to wright a bad review
,Not Recommended,641990,35007654,Posted: 16 September,all,Donit,"I'd love to give this game a thumbs up but unfortunately I think there's still way too many bugs to be able to state that the game is good enough.List of noticable bugs:-Can't interact with objects such as desks or even the potato peeler. (until you reload)(happens about two or three times every in-game day, very common bug personally and needs to be fixed)-Can't pick up items. (until you relog)(just as common as the one above, may be the same bug)-Lockdown starts after afternoon rollcall when I left and rejoined the game during the period, despite being at rollcall and having the green tick in the top right.-NPC hits me instantly again after already being hit, which I'm pretty sure shouldn't really happen (no time at all in between hits, boom boom, not boom, boom).-""Knocked out"" sound effect plays when the game thinks the player/NPC has been knocked out when it really hasn't, just at low health. Not that big of a bug.-Doors requiring keys sometime open more than once while walking through it in a straight line.-Player models don't show their ""knocked out"" pose, lying on the floor, on occasion.-""Knocked out"" animation restarts after coming out of desks, menus etc.Those are the main ones I've encountered so far, excluding the multiplayer bugs/problems that are probably more annoying than any of the ones I've mentioned or could've mentioned. Most of the bugs in singleplayer aren't that bad, except for the first few which are *really* annoying. I've been backtracked or had to start over several times because of them.Personally I hope the team adds more features to the main game as time goes on. DLCs are ok, but new features and more ways to escape or new ways to interact with the prison would be really awesome. Maybe make the guard/control room actually operable or other objects or devices that could be used. The staff who just randomly walk around doing nothing could have more purpose than spouting out goofy lines every once in a while.Despite that I still enjoy the new features, graphics and escape routes of the game! It just needs a lot of improvement is some places, especially multiplayer. I haven't tried it myself but from a couple of reviews I've seen it looks pretty bad."
76561198348541991,Recommended,641990,34485016,Posted: 25 August,all,kevindaccache,This game is AMAISING
,Recommended,641990,34406518,Posted: 21 August,all,McGuffy,I got stuck in the vents with no way out.7/7
,Not Recommended,641990,34443642,Posted: 23 August,all,.R.,"Too many bugs. They are updating the game at least.Edit: They have updated the game and stats now save but it sucks having to rejoin the game in the same order we originally joined the game. Now I don't have to grind for strength, fitness, inteligence, and mulla anymore."
76561198182883123,Recommended,641990,34425835,Posted: 22 August,all,EPICNERDYGUY,"Keep In Mind This Review Is A Very Early Review......This REview Is SubJect To Change In The Upcoming Days To Weeks.Now That The New Update Came Out The Game Is Much Better!!!!Holy Crap, As good as the first, But Even Better!!!Gameplay 9/10Quests 7/10Chacater Custamizaion 9/10Maps 10/10Escapes 11/10Very fun game to play with friends. from 2 to 4 people in each muiltlplayer game, its flawless. No Lag, Every Smooth.This game can be played how ever you want. if you just want to play around in the priosn and see how long you can go, thats fun, or if you and a friend want to go head to head fighting to escape, or you both work together to escape, or even on your own.The maps are great from Center Perks 2.0 to the U.S.S Anomaly. they are all fun and hard to beat in there own way, with many diferent ways to escape, some can only be done with 4 people to!My Total Rateing Is: 90/100P.S: The Glorious Regime Is worth the $4 if you didnt pre-order the game."
,Not Recommended,641990,34982582,Posted: 15 September,all,Fuggut,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,641990,34492388,Posted: 25 August,all,Danizer,"I had to refunded it because whenever I press play it says Running for a few seconds and it stops running and I never get to play it. I'm really sad I can't play it, I don't know if that's a problem from my side or theirs. I'll try getting it again when I feel like that been fixed. Im gonna recommend it because I know it's really fun."
76561198138194765,Recommended,641990,34431477,Posted: 22 August,all,Noo5uke,it so fun.
76561198273414821,Recommended,641990,34502275,Posted: 26 August,all,Indiejones4444,i really love this game espescially the multiplayer and i think this is one of the best games of 2017
76561198216507745,Recommended,641990,34516878,Posted: 26 August,all,EdTheDog,BEST GAME EVER!!! BUY IT NOW :D
,Recommended,641990,34413929,Posted: 22 August,all,janisstals,"its a really great game, but the only thing missing is workshop. then it would probobly be the best game i have played this year."
76561198402621078,Recommended,641990,34439378,Posted: 23 August,all,Reaper of Hearts,"I know I would love it IF IT WORKED! I can't do anything in the tutorial except moving around i can't even open my desk! I've restarted my game uninstalled and reinstalled, it's making me mad."
76561198375725255,Not Recommended,641990,34675433,Posted: 1 September,all,Lucky Slime,It gets boring after a while So Thats why i got boried of it and waiting for my refund So i do not recomand it becuase it gets boring whenever your alone
,Recommended,641990,34417839,Posted: 22 August,all,PHOENIXN445.exe,"""Hmm what can we do with everything about the first game?""""Maybe redo everything?""Coming from the First Escapist game this felt like everything basically had a upgrade.Crafting and the supplies needed are the same.Graphics took a BIG change.Ways on escaping are the same.Difficulty RAMPED UP in the further prisions in the game.This basically felt like a remaster and i like it.Aside for some bugs which is pretty minimal for me."
76561198162283167,Recommended,641990,34417644,Posted: 22 August,all,Dawnstar,"A vast improvement compared to its predecessor, apart from all the launch bugs. I very much recommend it if you have friends who you can play it with, or if you simply want to have a chill solo experience."
76561198374853256,Recommended,641990,34697224,Posted: 2 September,all,OpK5 | MrCdo0007,Now love the gamr but when ever i shift tab the inventory slots just go nuts forcing me to restart the game also up to fort trundra and sadly my progress was reset when I updated to update 5 :( so back to square one for me
76561198125000231,Recommended,641990,34485392,Posted: 25 August,all,TheGriffin,Nice aliens GG best game 10/10
76561198103363132,Not Recommended,641990,34661015,Posted: 1 September,all,ABSOLdoesboom,I really enjoy the game but the singleplayer and the multiplayer are really glitchy and i can't even open my character menu.i hope these bugs are going to be fixed.
76561198078393821,Not Recommended,641990,34511989,Posted: 26 August,all,emem238,"Pros--Multiplayer-Amazing graphics-More Craftables-Harder Prisons-Co-op-Transport prisons-bedsheets respawn-Mini Map including Different Floors and where imates are-Quests Show where the player or item is-Medics wil grab anyone whos down ( Time Extended)- The old Pay phone tipsCons--Non hosts cant pick up posters / fake vents( IT disappears )-At lights out You and host see spot lights differently. This Also means if You get caught with spot light on you it goes to --lockdown mode.-Color sorting jobs are Difficult because you and host see different colors.-No Recruitment with Ai-If you beat a gaurd up in a room with no witnesses you still get 99 heat for it-Imates CAN Still items from your desk-Quests Use ""Special Items""-Annoying Youtuber imates (That you cant change the name of)- Some people Say Invisible Dogs (never happened to me)Overall I will be updating this as more updates continue , Once They fix the Posters and fake vents for Nonhosts I will give them a positive review. It just makes the gameplay 50% worse when you need the  host to pick up all the items."
,Recommended,641990,34685001,Posted: 2 September,all,Infidel5150,I love this game it is great!!!
76561198396387150,Recommended,641990,34796409,Posted: 7 September,all,Wood Bolt.gg Hellcase.com,very good game
76561198416709578,Recommended,641990,34543827,Posted: 27 August,all,jamessantos1024,fun
76561198353098747,Recommended,641990,34544209,Posted: 27 August,all,Bogadoo15,Love the game! Its awesome!
,Recommended,641990,34411891,Posted: 22 August,all,wow,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,641990,34411941,Posted: 22 August,all,Sandvich_Man,It..It needs some work. Big time.
76561198412795133,Recommended,641990,34412127,Posted: 22 August,all,TheYoloPotato,Team 17 had made some major improvements on the escapists 2 good job!
76561198356940098,Recommended,641990,34845107,Posted: 9 September,all,kristian.macioszek,amazing game
,Recommended,641990,34418248,Posted: 22 August,all,TravisB_2234,yes
,Recommended,641990,34452482,Posted: 23 August,all,Spartacus,"Some people are complaining about bugs. No idea why, maybe some really PCs? I'm sure they exist, but no problems so far, plus they just patched it. So, I played it for 2 hours to test and I'm keeping it. Fun game. Buy it, worth the money."
,Not Recommended,641990,35066890,Posted: 19 September,all,mightybaseplate (9 inches),"It's like, too difficult to find your own ways to escape, even with friends. You really can't come up with your own ways to escape and all the exits seem pre-determined, not very sandboxy."
,Recommended,641990,34407163,Posted: 21 August,all,Veltso,"8/8, M8, would r8 again m8Dead meme, I'm sorry"
,Not Recommended,641990,34645437,Posted: 31 August,all,Hafensänger,"Really cool game, sad that I still can't play multiplayer with friends because we can't take a break, or have the game crash without the other players stats resetting. Really frustrating and until they fix all of that stuff I will refund it"
,Recommended,641990,34420906,Posted: 22 August,all,InsaneCallum,"This game has been lots of fun so farNo issues,Developers keep updating the game, fixing bugsWould recommend!Wish:- Needs workshop support for prison making"
76561198096254752,Recommended,641990,34430058,Posted: 22 August,all,TTiny,it keeps crashing for me ;(
,Not Recommended,641990,35032723,Posted: 17 September,all,Bard on the beach,iffy
76561198319045466,Not Recommended,641990,34716104,Posted: 3 September,all,Deadshot,Do not get if you have a laptop it will demolish it unless its really good now I had to get a new computer
76561198154769572,Recommended,641990,34493318,Posted: 25 August,all,Hibacilacle,"This is a fun, creative game. I really enjoy it, even though I kind of suck at it... It really makes me tense during those timed levels (train and orca) and made me feel like I was actually accomplishing things, made me feel smart when I figured out how to get out, and is a good game overall, much better than the first. But I'm still waiting for the prison builder."
76561198232308236,Recommended,641990,34689892,Posted: 2 September,all,Loading your face,This game is great real great. But you have to be ready for glitchs LOTS OF 'EM. I played for ten hours and got arrested 9 times for nothing.
76561198397917852,Recommended,641990,34959445,Posted: 14 September,all,AloushaPlayz,This game is great and soo addictive and when you play it time passes so fast I thought I played 1 hour it turned out to be 8It's a great game purchase it#alwaysplug
76561198089827088,Recommended,641990,34975253,Posted: 15 September,all,Pizza Time,"The Escapists 2 is a work of art. Team 17 really out-did themselves here, and produced a fantastic game. I loved the Escapists one, as it brought me hours upon hours of fun... but in just 7 straight hours of the Escapists 2, it topped all that fun. The art style is really nice, the combat is finally fun, and theres so much to do. With the addition of co-op and versus, this game is a must buy for anybody who digs multiplayer games.10/10 My favorite game that's been released this year"
76561198423029897,Recommended,641990,35084632,Posted: 20 September,all,nyannocaps,"Got this not even a week ago. Altough im only allowed to play the first two prisons due to my friend wanting to play with me, but only getting the game on friday, im still satisfied with the quality and overall gameplay.I like the new character customisations and crafting additions.I havent tried the online Co-op or Versus mode yet, but i hope that it is good. Im not expecting flawless gameplay, but atleast something crashless and playable.With effort, nyannocaps"
,Recommended,641990,34457044,Posted: 24 August,all,Skie,I Really liked the first game. And finally a sequel! But there are some or kinda problems with the game it think. My game freezes sometimes and crashes. I dont know if its the game or my low end computer. Even though i lowered the settings of the game
,Recommended,641990,34538480,Posted: 27 August,all,SpicyMemeSauce,"Being that I loved the original Escapists so much, I had to pre-order this. Right off the bat I'd say this game is a 7.5 out of 10. I think of the Escapists 2 being more like a mod and graphics overhaul to the original Escapists, with the exception of multiplayer, the star system, and a few other mechanics. Being that I've only played around 3 hours of this game at the time writing this, I can't say that this review will be 100% accurate. This is just my personal opinion as of now. If anything changes once I complete the game, I'll make a edit. My only two major complains about this game are1: Every now and then I come across some very MINOR glitches such as sound turning off for a few seconds. I also noticed some things that may be intentional, such as empty cells with names of prisoners that don't exist. Not sure if that's a bug or not, but it annoys me.2: The controls. Being that I played the original Escapists on console, I had never known what the PC controls were, or how different they are in the Escapists 2. The main problem is when interacting with people, objects, guards, etc., it's hard to pick a specific thing out of a cluster. For example, during roll cal if I want to buy from someone, it's hard to choose that exact person out of the entire group of prisonerw since they're so close together. I think you should still use E to interact, but I think it should go off of the player's location AND the positions of the mouse.Like I said, as of now I'd rate The Escapists 2 a 7.5/10. If this changes as I play more of the game, I'll update this."
,Recommended,641990,34954996,Posted: 14 September,all,WillyCheezits,"This game rocks! It's similar to the original game, but it has many new features like the new combat system. I would recomend this to anybody, especially people who played the original game!"
76561198354219159,Recommended,641990,35071548,Posted: 19 September,all,WiredJet32,"This game is so much fun! Its such a big step up from the first! There is one thing I have a problem with. Now that there are Infirmary Staff that take K.Od inmates and guards to the Infirmary (which is a nice touch), its very hard to return the keys to knocked out guards when you need to make a plastic key. If there is an easier way to do this and return the key at the same time, please let me know. Other than that, I love this game to death and I can't wait for the prison builder to come out!"
,Recommended,641990,35090580,Posted: 20 September,all,Ramsy,Good. Just good :D
,Recommended,641990,34419865,Posted: 22 August,all,[k꒞Ѫ]Mr.Mole1674,very nice
76561198198127418,Recommended,641990,34444350,Posted: 23 August,all,Mr.Miyagi,"This Game has one needs to be fixed everytime I am playing with a friend my game will just get stuck in the inventory/ craft menu and it wont let me get out of it. When i was doing my job it got stuck again and i ended up losing my job please fix this bug, because it ruins the game for me personally."
,Recommended,641990,34466485,Posted: 24 August,all,Killa Fonic,"nice game, but i want to disable auto save"
,Recommended,641990,34891199,Posted: 11 September,all,roverbrat,I love this game 10/10
76561198267711118,Recommended,641990,34419869,Posted: 22 August,all,Tommytot45,best game ever!!!
76561198387792198,Recommended,641990,34420006,Posted: 22 August,all,_LittleBlueDuck_,I love the game i got last night and i didnt want to get off
,Recommended,641990,34426904,Posted: 22 August,all,Poob,"C'mon! this is the sequel to the prison escaping game Escapists 2!Ive noticed the overall user reviews went from ""Very Positive"" to ""Mixed""I'll tell you why you just need to wait.Most of the glitches ive never have had to deal with,I did notice while playing with friends rejoining the game will reset your stats.but thats about it.Nothing too bad.I did notice a little graphical issue but it happens rarely and I can deal with it.If you checked the community hub it did say Escapists 2 was ""releasing earlier""Just give it a while and most of these glitches will be hopefully gone(unless, it goes the same fate as whos your daddy, where the devs practically quit development.)Otherwise, this game is a blast and I reccomend you try it!But for now, only buy it if your playing with friends, singleplayer is dull with the problems above.EDIT: 2 updates came out and one of the updates fixes the bug that resets stats. sweet hope to see more updates Mouldy Toof!EDIT 2: More Updates keep coming and the Overall Ratings moved up to ""Mostly Positive""Woo!"
,Recommended,641990,34441568,Posted: 23 August,all,Shotagonist,"Great Experience, there are so many ways to play this game, both alone and together. It can be very rough around the edges, but ultimately, this is worthy successor to Escapists 1, exceeding it in almost every concievable way.The Singleplayer Experience is great fun and this is one of the first games where I was actively trying to beat my own time to completetion. Some escapes are super simple, but that's quickly changing as you get to the higher level prisons. Plus trying to cut corners and optimize your playthrough adds a good deal of replayability.Multiplayer is very fun despite what a lot of people say. Certainly there is the occassional annoying bug, but it's a long shot to say its literally unplayable. Coordinating multiple people towards an escape can get chaotic and fun and often there is room to improvise with the random drops and whatever your fellow players think is a good item to craft. VS mode is hugely fun and requires deception and speed in equal amounts, since digging a tunnel the fastest won't win you the game if someone spots it and escapes through it before you!Devs have stamped out 90% of the release bugs within a week of release and keep regularly replying and fixing bugs as they come up. There is talk of workshop support and more additions further down the line, and looking as most of that was also the case in Escapists 1, it's expected to be good.Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,641990,34442308,Posted: 23 August,all,TheGamingEmerald,"I Bought this Game Today, and it is amazing! Easy Controls, Better Art, Better Ai and a lot tougher! I would recommend this game if you liked The Escapists. Also I haven't encountered a glitch!"
76561198093127819,Recommended,641990,34442936,Posted: 23 August,all,[=SKC=] Umbreon,"It is a great game, but I personally and my friend have both been having issues where the game will crash at random. There is no set time or action that causes it, it just crashes. Once all crashing has been fixed I will love this game."
76561198053980113,Recommended,641990,34461757,Posted: 24 August,all,AliGolab,"İt is better now, since they have fixed the online and coop issues and bugs. So i would recommend this game for everyone.Dont read the 22nd and 23rd august analysis, they all just complain about the bugs in coop but it is fixed now, and u won't lose your stats and etc."
,Recommended,641990,34440196,Posted: 23 August,all,Spendyn,"It's good. The multiplayer is very fun, and the versus mode is great. It is probably one of the hardest gamse I have played in a while though."
76561198136912079,Recommended,641990,34459282,Posted: 24 August,all,123bomba,s
,Recommended,641990,34421800,Posted: 22 August,all,The Abby,"This game,1. First few minutes. Hard to understand and read.2. Thinking of all the ways to escape3. Thinking of one4. Switching to another one5. Half done with it.6. Seeing a easyer way out.7. Do that.DONE ESCAPEDVery fun. Multiplayer with friends IS SO COOL AND FUN!!! Hard but FUN."
,Not Recommended,641990,34440978,Posted: 23 August,all,Ruga,"I can't say anything about the gameplay and bugs that hasn't already been said many times before, but it seems like they spent more on marketing the game than actually making it.Multiplayer seems to have been tacked on very haphazardly to sell more copies of the game. I can't believe how poorly implemented it is. Almost every item in the game has some form of durability to artifically lengthen gameplay and force you in to farming randomly spawning materials. The game will crash every hour.I really wanted to like this game, I love the idea behind it, but it's clear that Team17 does not."
76561198114454141,Recommended,641990,34433904,Posted: 23 August,all,JT,"Really fun game, yes it has some bugs but they will be fixed."
76561198054074324,Recommended,641990,34406954,Posted: 21 August,all,The Candy Man,10/10 would eat the bird meat again
76561198089121989,Recommended,641990,34418494,Posted: 22 August,all,Benny1405,10/10
,Not Recommended,641990,34422895,Posted: 22 August,all,CT,plz fix bug and give me coinLots of bugs (In multiplayer) wouldnt recommend during this stage just for the bugs plox fix
,Recommended,641990,34424462,Posted: 22 August,all,conquse,"Just the right amount of hype.Its a completely redone version of the Escapists 2. New maps, remade old maps completely, better GUI, Inventoru UI, more fun prisons, more ways to escape.And Multiplayer, 4 player controller support and online!Sure, there's some bugs, like no 2560*1080 support (pls fix). but you can still use 1920*1080. I coudnt find anything wrogn with it besides the resolutions.I pre ordered so I could escape from theG U L A G"
76561198114936359,Recommended,641990,34439481,Posted: 23 August,all,katen <_<,"Really good game, very tactical, would recommend"
76561198073469360,Recommended,641990,34451030,Posted: 23 August,all,Bobaninja,"Now, lemme get this outta the way, There are a few bugs in this game BUT they are being fixed as of they just released an update fixing a ton of bugs, and are still fixing them.This SHOULD NOT prevent you from buying the game.The game is highly addicting with a friend, and will probably be the same without. You can just join a server and play with anyone if you're feeling lonely in prison. There are a very good variety of prisons to escape from and they're all unique. The graphics style is 100x better than the first, and is very nice to look at. There are a variety of ways to escape, and its pretty fun to find all of them, as it rewards you for doing so.As of right NOW if give this: 9/10When bugs are fixed: 10/10"
76561197971784574,Not Recommended,641990,34439642,Posted: 23 August,all,Enemy Smell,"I cannot play this game for too long because it causes me physical discomfort to look at it due to the stuttery way the map scrolls with the character.It's immediately noticeable. I do my best to ignore it but it honestly wears my eyes out and I need to stop after like 15 minutes of playing.No settings seem to help.Hopefully it's a technical issue and they fix it, but I'm uncertain.Also your prison is filled with annoying youtuber named characters that have ridiculous neon haircuts, so if the screen issues don't make you nauseous and throw up that might. Seriously they don't even have normal black hair in this game, but they make space for green goatees lol.Enjoyed the 1st, but can't recommend."
,Recommended,641990,34406802,Posted: 21 August,all,KingNooby,"Well I'm already here!The Escapists 2 is a VERY fun game. The best part is the multiplayer, you dont just race, you can escape the prison together.I reccomend to play it with friends. A specific friend, I assume will see this, and comment on this. also i have no idea why im being so serious about this lets just go look at some memesBUY IT!!!"
76561198064609961,Recommended,641990,34483547,Posted: 25 August,all,PastaMasta,It's a fun game with lots to do especially when playing online.
76561198240229386,Recommended,641990,34483866,Posted: 25 August,all,ECgames11,good really love the improvments from the last one
76561198174431154,Recommended,641990,34514018,Posted: 26 August,all,Dubbly,"The Escapists 2 is a  good game...But I don't like two things:1. BUGS: I can't play normal in Multiplayer, when I am the hoster everything is ok, I've got no bugs or anything, but if I am the guest... I can't take a poster off, because it will be invisible in my inventory and I can't just put it back...2. UPDATES: Why the developers are fixing problems like bedsheets respawn, when there are bigger troubles like posters bugs in multiplayer...I hope the developers will read this comment and fix these issues..."
,Recommended,641990,34509701,Posted: 26 August,all,Creator77plays,"I was a fan of The Escapists so when the sequel came out I preordered it. After it was released I read the reviews before playing and heard of all theese bugs but haven't uncovered any yet. It has more content then The Escapists and is fun overall. My only complaint is that unlike the first, you can't build prisons here."
,Recommended,641990,34538658,Posted: 27 August,all,Outcast,People whine about problems. Have been playing this with my SO for awhile and haven't even encountered a crash yet.Great game!
,Recommended,641990,34408750,Posted: 21 August,all,tman1015,"Didn't really play the first one, but I watched a crap ton of people play it. Actually playing it however is soooo much more fun than I expected. It is an awesome game with a llot of diversity on each level, and this time you can play with your friends!"
76561198104965269,Recommended,641990,34619270,Posted: 30 August,all,Equinox,bad game couldnt cut fence
76561198386777883,Recommended,641990,34601664,Posted: 30 August,all,[SCC]ruukulp,"i love this game a little bit buggy but i hope it will be fixed for example when i play this game it is zoomed in you know? In the Youtbe videos and at my friend it is normaly but here, i dont know. in the intro the speech bubbles were cuttedSorry for this very bad english i hped that can be fixed i dint know how i can change it to basic"
76561198183702749,Recommended,641990,34607345,Posted: 30 August,all,DolphinPark01,"The game is very fun with friends, its a huge step-up from the first game, more challenging now in a way, new maps, new rules. Now you can also play with your friends, this improves friendships greatly and its so much fun!!! I do appreciate the staff to improve on the bugs appeared in the game example: at times i cant mould my key when i right clicked my putty. And also sometimes i take 5 in game days to find an item, i searched every desk in the game except the contraband desk of course and theres none of that item, it was frustrating to say at the least. But overall, nice gameplay, nice graphics, recommended for all gamers"
,Recommended,641990,34599324,Posted: 29 August,all,TheMicrosoftWordWhisperer,"I'll start this off by saying that none of what I'm about to list is a deal breaker and I still highly reccommend it over most of what's on the store pages at any given moment, and it is far more worthy than a fair amount of triple-A games. That said, it has its glaring flaws, which I urge you to read.While bugginess and crashing have never really seemed to be an issue for me in the time since release (I purchased this game on day one), it all ran fairly smoothly. As I'm unqualified as an armless gibbon with half its skull caved in when it comes to coding and bug diagnosing, I can't point out what might be the cause of this problem, but don't let that turn you off. If it's not already fixed by the time you're reading this review it hopefully will be shortly since it is the major thing piledriving the reviews into the ground with the force of a hippo being pushed from the back of a cargo plane.Gameplay-wise, it's very reminiscent of the original with most of the annoyances ironed out, for example, you no longer have to find a piece of paper lying around that has to attest to the usefulness of an electrified baton before you can actually craft it. Unfortunately, a new niggle pops up like a meerkat in a beet patch in Siberia--incredibly out of place and baffling. The very few blueprints you don't know how to craft (Fairly simple things) are no longer able to be crafted without the blueprint, which the game very helpfully does not explain the method by which you obtain them. No longer are you able to intuit the melting of chocolate in a cup until your feeble prisoner mind finds a blueprint showing them that lighters are hot and chocolate melts.The major fix that I will happily praise until my vocal chords give out is the fact that your stats no longer bleed over time like they're hemophilic rose garden workers, removing a majority of the grind involved in raising your intelligence. While this does make things slightly easier, the added minigames and increased fatigue balance it out rather nicely.One ""feature"" that nearly broke the game for me was the lack of a hard save system, instead opting for an autosave system that fires off like a man with parkinson's trying to quicksave, as well as an exitsave system that ensures if you're screwed over by one of the more irritating mechanics you'll be stuck there forever with no recourse. I have fond memories of beating down a guard with a bar of soap in a sock (which of course alerted every single person in the compound despite the guard being alone in a room without cameras) and taking her key to make a mold, at which time the medic came racing into the building with the speed of the Flash hopped up on cocaine and grabbed the body before I could put the key back. While guards will not immediately finger you for the theft, the 99% heat I took for beating up a solitary guard in an empty room with nobody around meant that I was beaten to death during the ensuing lockdown with my plastic key, weapon, and imperative crafting materials in my inventory, and, thanks to the lack of hardsaves and inability to load, I was set back to square one and frankly ♥♥♥♥ that.I speculate that the lack of a save/load system is thanks to the multiplayer focus this time around, as there is no ""play offline"" mode, only a ""local"" mode that still has you online. While some may call this a more ""realistic"" approach, realism should take a back seat to fun. If you're looking for realism, play a Call of Duty game or one of the billion wilderness survival games out there.All-in-all, the game is worth your time, but it does have its problems. It gets a tentative recommendation from me, but be sure all of the above is not an issue for you."
,Recommended,641990,34623641,Posted: 30 August,all,Nao Tomori,Very happy with this new release! The game is a mixup of the first sequel play style and a completly different type of game i'd say. You have various ways of escaping each map and that's what makes it amazing! I would recommend it 10/10!
,Recommended,641990,34593409,Posted: 29 August,all,Yangzhoui,Altough it has some mayor bugs the game is very enjoyable.I play co-op since i dont like playing solo.It feels like a real prison break. You prepare for days and then it all comes down to one night. and when you walk out of that prison without rasing any alarms it feels really satisfing
,Recommended,641990,34594880,Posted: 29 August,all,Cold Summer,its very fun and addictive very recommended this game ~  also its a time killer too! :D
76561198132148135,Recommended,641990,34622563,Posted: 30 August,all,Spyro3277,This Is a great game. Much better than the original. Not that the original was Bad. Its was great too
76561198211790773,Recommended,641990,34628115,Posted: 31 August,all,CrazyNoob,Very Good Game But please fix bugs like you cannot punch sometimes thanks But Still I Recommend it
76561198417551746,Recommended,641990,34639933,Posted: 31 August,all,harrylister06,Amazing Game love it.
,Recommended,641990,34670160,Posted: 1 September,all,samsmj,really good game but its 2d i totaly recommend
,Recommended,641990,34674028,Posted: 1 September,all,AuDi0 Brah,It's gud m8.
,Recommended,641990,34706074,Posted: 3 September,all,Fap Bunny,Local multiple player (4 mansplit-screen )needs more customizations in gameplayeg. full game-play like single player where u have to go for roll call
,Recommended,641990,34698004,Posted: 2 September,all,Pepe the Froppy,"rlly fun game, especially if you play with friends."
76561198130885714,Recommended,641990,34703115,Posted: 2 September,all,Jack Daddario,good game
76561198368869759,Recommended,641990,34697468,Posted: 2 September,all,SilverRing,"Love the game. It's a lot more developed than the first game, lots of stuff, etc. There are a couple bugs, of course, but those can be fixed and Team 17 has put out 5 updates since the launch about two weeks ago. The only thing I find not so great is the fact that some of the escapes in the various prisons make it too easy to escape and it evens up total time to complete the game with the Escapists 1, even though Escapists 2 has 4 more prisons than the Escapists 1. Following that, I would love to see a level editor for The Escapists 2, tough I understand that it's gonna have a lot more stuff in it than The Escapists 1 and it will take a while to make it. Anyway, great work Team 17!"
76561198099631630,Recommended,641990,34722649,Posted: 3 September,all,thade_85,BEST GAME EVR I LUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVITLUVIT
76561198069084641,Recommended,641990,34713628,Posted: 3 September,all,rlaw135,Amazing game I was a fan since I got itn
76561198344407176,Recommended,641990,34711810,Posted: 3 September,all,kymaniplaysonpc,this is a great game and i have been playing it since the 31st and its been the best game ive played in year
,Recommended,641990,34711754,Posted: 3 September,all,rush b,"I like the game, it doesn't have any bugs or glitches (I know that many people do have bugs in the game, but for me it works good) I did not try the multiplayer yet, and I will update the review when I will play the multiplayer too."
,Recommended,641990,34564467,Posted: 28 August,all,mykeypowell05,This game is very good buggy but fun just PLEASE MAKE STEAM WORKSHOP for this
76561198200482517,Recommended,641990,34562487,Posted: 28 August,all,trueprogamer,its good very good XD... but on the H.M.P OffShore i was trying to escape with the dolphin and when it said escape it was white and when i got closer to the dolphin it switched from escape to the dolphins name and i couldent escape but other wise this game was amazing 10/10
76561198297084014,Recommended,641990,34565287,Posted: 28 August,all,cdm48747,Can you please help me for some reason if i play this on my computer or labtop it runs so slow(Doesnt load fast when say im walking towards rolecall) SO ncan someone help me with this issue because i tried to reduce the quality of the game and everything else i could do.Other than that problem for me the game is good and i reccomend it for people who PLAYED the first game.
76561198313889813,Recommended,641990,34567113,Posted: 28 August,all,Sslenek,"Now there are very mixed reviews on this game, and I happen to be one of the people who will be making this even more confusing, because there are the people who are saying it's terrible and don't buy it because this game is the worst thing ever, and there are the people who are optimistic about the game and say that it will improve with further updates. I have decided after much deliberation, to say, these words. ehh, it's ok. I have had worse expirences for twenty dollars, and I have had better, this game is ok, not amazing, but ok. the word ok is one you will likely hear a lot in this review, because that what this game is, ok. now that that is out of the way, I can get in to the meat of this review: the game works, at least for me, without crashing, some people just have lots of crashes on games, and I respect that, as I have had things like that happen with other games. as a largely singleplayer gamer, I think the singleplayer is rather good, and works well, but that the multiplayer from what I have seen and heard, mind you that I have little multiplayer know how, is poor quality. the game definetly seems to work, apart from some minor bugs, that don't seem too bad, and overall it seems just ok.now when we get into some of my issues, and there really aren't any, I just think that the game plays OK... but could probabaly stand some overall improvment. it lacks somthing, I just don't know what it lacks.the music is good, the gameplay is good, and I like the punishments for faliure, where it saves often enough that if you didn't perfectly plan everything, you could lose everything you worked for, with no ""oh I failed so I will reload the game so I can try it again knowing what will happen if I do it that way"" exessive forgivness. it seems more like a prison when you lose EVERYTHING that you have worked for in the case of a failed attempt to escape, making you need to build back up to what you need to escape. I also like the transport stages, even if I find them rather easy to win with a beserker-stealth tactic where you take down the first guard and then just do whatever because you just have a good enough weapon now.In the end, I like the game, but it feels like it is missing somthing, and I don't know what I feel Is missing. It works, it is fun, but in the end, it is just ok. and due to this, I will give it an ok rating.  7.7/10.my feelings for this game are mixed, and so is my review. this is a game I like, but not so much that I can give it an 8/10. if it ever gains what I feel it is missing, that certain quality that makes me keep playing, and keep returning to, other games I will alter my rating, but until then, I just can't justify giving it a higher rating.---Sslenek"
,Recommended,641990,34406813,Posted: 21 August,all,Rile,"I would like to say I was very HYPE when The Escapists (1) came out. I played only a little bit but I loved it! I wasn't very good at it so that's why I didn't play it much. But oH BOY Escapists 2 wasjust amazing! I have completed almost all of the prisons so far. There are multiple regular priosons but there are these new TRANSPORT prisons, they are like time trials and you have to find a certain way out, There are also multiple escapes in every prison, some are multiplayer only or solo only. I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who wants to chill with up to 3 friends or just casually play solo, OR you can tryhard sweat/speedrun prisons, since there are leaderboardsEdit: Please correct me on any Grammar or Spelling errors! :) :L"
76561198058946511,Recommended,641990,34413099,Posted: 22 August,all,Mawx,"Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis The Wise? I thought not. It’s not a story the Jedi would tell you. It’s a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life… He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful… the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself."
76561198315179462,Not Recommended,641990,34426643,Posted: 22 August,all,mngamer12345,This game crashed and broke my computer
76561198159357428,Recommended,641990,34568815,Posted: 28 August,all,voelkero,IIIIISSSSS SOOOOOOO GUUUUUUUUUUUUUD
,Recommended,641990,34433089,Posted: 23 August,all,ThE LaSt GuY,"Pixel-styled graphic'd fun, coop, prison escape game. i have witnessed a few bugs here and there but they were never gamebreaking, and got fixed fairly quickly.Final Outcome - i still highly recommend this game i have 26 hours right now in game and i gurrentee there will be 100+ hours minimum due to the replay-ability and coop and versus functions."
76561198065187645,Recommended,641990,34756894,Posted: 5 September,all,otters030,Like it so far. However its already crashed 2 times in my 50 minutes of play time. Hope it doesn't happen all the time
76561198043232824,Recommended,641990,34423015,Posted: 22 August,all,UnknownLord,This game is one of my favourite games. It is way more developed than number one. You must get it
,Not Recommended,641990,34423073,Posted: 22 August,all,Boost Butt,Currently too buggy
76561198273229178,Recommended,641990,34415530,Posted: 22 August,all,Bloodymc,I like this game very much but there are some bugs. And? Its just released today! Why people dont give time to the devs to fix the bugs!? i only saw two bugs: 1: Once at lunch the food's texture was a white square but its OK.2: I was playing versus i almost escaped and the game crashed.So i think its worth to buy the game!  :D
76561198107171381,Recommended,641990,34415489,Posted: 22 August,all,ＰＥＲＭＡＮＥＮＴ ＲＥＶＯＬＵＴＩＯＮ,its ok but hard to set up splitscreen and sometimes too easy to escape
,Recommended,641990,34417420,Posted: 22 August,all,Yukari Yakumo,"If you want to have better experience, Go for SingleplayerIf you want to have bad experience, Go for MultiplayerTrust me Multiplayer is not fun, But increase your Stressful and Wanted level for not Attending whatever crap going on.If you want to play without Friend, go for itI really like how there's Multiple Endings/EscapeThere's Solo Escape, and Multiplayer EscapeEach ending can be found through Cellphone and Figuring it out how to do itSo far for me, No Bugs at all. Satisfying and Stressful"
76561197982299349,Recommended,641990,34417487,Posted: 22 August,all,Atomes,So far I'm loving it. No bugs found thus far. Still exploring the game and will update.
76561198280741446,Recommended,641990,34417193,Posted: 22 August,all,You_Say_Cute // I_Say_Shoot,"Hey Guys! I Recommend This Game Alot, But just Be Warned its Still Has Some Bugs and StuffSomeTimes The Game Will Crash but it Has An AutoSave System So not That Much Progress Will be Lost.But i Still Don't Like It When it crashes Though....It's Way Better Than The 1st One, Just Need To Get Used To The New Controls(Only Some Bugs Have Been Fixed From The Pre-Build Version)-if You get The Bug That makes Your Mouse Not Work // You Should open up Steam Overlay and Close it While SpammingLeft Click"
,Recommended,641990,34828828,Posted: 8 September,all,Yobep Silver,Its fun. But I have no friends. :(
76561198236302936,Recommended,641990,34441482,Posted: 23 August,all,colinstraub,"Its a good game and all, i expected a few game mechanics to change, but they removed one thing... the restart button (I mean the one where if you get caught with cotraband you can try again, well you cant do that anymore)"
,Recommended,641990,34947889,Posted: 14 September,all,✪ Hazy,"Awesome and funny game. It can be quite hard sometimes, but that's a part of the game and it would be boring if it's easy!"
76561198179588097,Recommended,641990,35074801,Posted: 19 September,all,NathanielCV,"It'a a great game, but I think it was released too early. There's a lot of bugs. Maybe it could have been early access or something if you wanted players to test the game for bugs. But aside from that, it's a great game and I reccomend you get it. Worth the $20."
,Recommended,641990,35081700,Posted: 20 September,all,Nyilov,"One of the best games to play with friends, unless they beat you every 5 minutes.:)"
76561198301522279,Recommended,641990,34418944,Posted: 22 August,all,kanstana,its great but for my friend it keeps crashing when he press q and is about to do favors pls can someone say whats happining
,Recommended,641990,34419115,Posted: 22 August,all,Not_Gumballer91,"Pros:Great GraphicsMore ways to escapeMultiplayerCons:MechanicsLike how everything works. In the first Escapists, we just click and now we have to press E. It's kinda strange.Overall, 8/10"
,Recommended,641990,35008016,Posted: 16 September,all,Scalezy,♥♥♥♥♥cunt
76561198209081097,Not Recommended,641990,34984113,Posted: 15 September,all,GrapeGangster,"The Escapists 2 is a really polarizing game for me, and I wanted to play for a while before I reviewed the game. I have beaten every prison except the one in space. Also keep note, I was always playing these prison's with my friend the only exception being the timed train escape.PROS-I really dig the art style, it does rub some the wrong way but I like it personally.-Prison's and escapes are creative, and fun to pull off for the most part.-There is a bit of a learning curve here, that can be fun to overcome though it can be half hearted at parts.-Co-op multiplayer is an absolute blast, and pulling off an escape with your buddy is a real high five inspiring moment.-At the time of the review the level editor is announced but not playable, and I'm sure once that comes out it will add mounds of Replayability and fun to the game.-Character Editor isn't bad, definitely not great but works well.-Going for the escape is tense and exciting, really crafting a great atmosphere.-Plenty of items and content for fans of the original.-Timed prisons are innovative and fun to play.CONS-There are way too many scripted escapes, excluding the one breakout where you use any tactic you want. This massively cuts down on replayability.-The game and prisons are extremely easy and forgiving, much more than the other game.-Guard AI can be severely frustrating occasionally.-Some prison's are really confusing, not in a good difficult way, just unnecessarily confusing.-Though its extremely cheap, there is a season pass and it's unnecessary micro-transactions.-Skills do not decay, and being fatigued means not being able to read and work out. Again, being extremely easy and forgiving.-There used to be many, and sometimes game breaking bugs at launch. However I believe most of these have been fixed, though its sad the game was released with such little polish.-Touching on the issue of the release, an early test version was sent to youtubers before the game was released featuring two of the games main prison's. The demo was unpolished, buggy, half hearted, and heavily focused on advertising the game to the fanbase content creators who found the original game.THE VERDICT5.1/10I really wanted to love this game, but I'm really on the fence. I'm going to give it a negative for now, atleast until the level editor comes out. The game was somewhat broken at launch, its laughably easy, too many scripted moments sucking out replayability, and much more."
,Recommended,641990,34406194,Posted: 21 August,all,Chromebook Gamer,"This game is an instant upgrade! So much more customization and feautures makes this really enjoyable. Multiplayer works great and is really a lot of fun. Buy this game if you wanna have a good time with friends or alone, it doesnt matter just buy it. Its fun."
76561198155387148,Recommended,641990,35195474,Posted: 24 September,all,Another Settlement Needs Help,I have had an enjoyable time living in and defending all of these settlements. Then one day I discovered I could escape from them. What monster would ever do that. We all know that there is always a settlement in need of help.A MESSAGE TO THOSE WHO ESCAPED THESE SETTLEMENTS!HOW DARE YOU LEAVE THESE SETTLEMENTS WITH OUT YOUR PROTECTION! WITH THAT TYPE OF ATTITUDE WE WILL NEVER REBUILD THE MINUTEMEN!
,Recommended,641990,34427857,Posted: 22 August,all,EddieMc,"First impressions from the game.The game is very faithful to the first game but improves a lot on the formula. The biggest improvment is of course the addition of multiplayer as well as controller support. However, it came with a price. The game is not as enjoyable as it was using a keyboard and mouse and you should definetly use a controller to enjoy this game. I have encountered small issues, but I'm overall very satisfied with the game. Might update this review as I put more hours into it."
76561198087594819,Recommended,641990,34427940,Posted: 22 August,all,Trini,"So i have waited a long time for this game and was really hyped for it too. It is a really fun game great sounds, visuals. I love the artstyle and runs really smoothly.But there are some bugs that is expected cause come on no game is perfect after release. The bugs ive ran into so far arent like making the game un-fun just a little extra clicking for stuff like exercising, reading, and stuff to enhance your charecter. Sometimes you are unable to open your menu so you cant see your stats, money, etc.Some quests say the wrong name but the icon to the actual quest goes to the right place after a few secounds. ( for instance like placing something in someone elses desk as a job.)I personally cant say anything about the multiplayer yet.But i do feel like the game was a little rushed because it was released to some you tubers to help get a lot more people interested and the game was even released early. And i think they should of waited to polsih the game more before the release. Im sure people would of been happy waiting a little and getting a more polished game then one with some bugs.  So you cant be that mad like im sure they are fixing these problems and the games only been released for maybe a day if even a day so far.But overall its a great game that i highly recommend and just be a little patient for the patches to come out it camt  be that long. Especially since the few bugs ive seen arent ruining the game."
,Recommended,641990,34427543,Posted: 22 August,all,lilaussie,"I've enjoyed the gameplay quite a lot so far, only played singleplayer so I'm not able to comment on multiplayer as of yet. The overall game is great but definately plenty of room for improvement. I'm hoping that the developer is willing to resolve a lot of the issues that everyone is running into."
76561198309258990,Recommended,641990,34406110,Posted: 21 August,all,TheoryEnnard123,Great Game but it glitchy there should be a patch and a toggle for youtuber
76561198256239892,Recommended,641990,35319677,Posted: 29 September,all,DatRageMode,LIT
76561198427496585,Recommended,641990,35327487,Posted: 30 September,all,minator46,great game it brings out a pop!!!!
76561198049618099,Recommended,641990,34608515,Posted: 30 August,all,Sophice,"Good fun game, only issue i have is that right now the game is unstable, constantly crashing every 10-15mins making it unplayable. Once that is fixed, the game will be amazing."
76561198302419516,Recommended,641990,35135878,Posted: 22 September,all,Suly,"Proper sick game, love basically everything about it and there is so many maps. Also the music is quite mellow and at some times you can even jam at it would play. Much wow 9.5/10"
,Recommended,641990,35117665,Posted: 21 September,all,Vaas Montenegro,If you like Great puzzle games crafting Stealing Beating the hell out of cops then escapists 2 is 4 uI love this game c:
,Recommended,641990,35497207,Posted: 5 October,all,alittaokeb (HUN),This a GOOD GAME!!!!!Buy it everyone!!!!!Like it!
,Recommended,641990,34406014,Posted: 21 August,all,Havora,"Review made when the game was launched (and after two patches)Singleplayer works perfect, has those slight bugs that I could overcome but got annoying like when fighting decides not to work and inventory / crafting navigation issues. Also the frames are broken, it says you are running 100+ frames however screen tearing and frames feel like 30-40 and animations are effected by it.Multiplayer is a nightmare in a way, has problems keeping stats (has been patched in a way), players have no chance to get to a objective when joining a game (loads late in during roll call). Worst problem is desync issues that are happening a few times but however patches may fix.I recommend if you are up to handling those bugs, they have acknowledged them anyway."
76561198144436645,Not Recommended,641990,34696558,Posted: 2 September,all,Boss Baby,Dropped a bar of soap in the showers.No one did anything. 2/10
76561198090198910,Not Recommended,641990,34406330,Posted: 21 August,all,A Very Amusing Meatball,"Look the game idea is great, but this game is full of bugs, its currently unplayable for me the menus are complelty not working can't change keybinds at all because of that, i can't select or do anything with my mouse because its bugged i can only use my keyboard for items the controlls are just clunky and garbage and this game is half a$$ed i honestly suggest you to wait untill all this crap is fixed cause as of right ow 90% of the people i talked to had some sort of a bug or a problem in the game, some made it unplayable like mine so just made is really frustrating to play, this is just a whole like of dogshit as of right now"
,Not Recommended,641990,34417759,Posted: 22 August,all,Mkwhat,"Failed with the sequal, too much hassle and a LOT harder than the first"
,Not Recommended,641990,34497970,Posted: 25 August,all,ZachZent,"I really wanted to like it. I really did, but it just wasn't fun. I really enjoyed the first one. It's simple design and graphics appealed much more then this detailed version. However in the end, it was just the exact same game. A few UI changes and such, but it was the exact same thing. What made me buy it was the multiplayer, but it is just not fun. Nothing to enjoy. The versus mode is too fast. not the normal maticulus work it should have been. And the one with friends sounds good in theory, but it is just more people doing the exact same thing. You can call it easy mode as now there are many people to attack the guards. Any other content may chance the prison, but it is still a prison. Maybe the game will update later and have more, but until then it just can't get my recommendation"
,Not Recommended,641990,34421496,Posted: 22 August,all,BuLLz_EyE,Don't drop the soap
,Not Recommended,641990,34409816,Posted: 21 August,all,viggo^,Impossible to run from a 5 star when you jump into a ceiling vent dogs can go into the vent and kill you easily and when your friend gets in trouble you get in trouble. Very limited gameplay
,Not Recommended,641990,34518885,Posted: 26 August,all,Peasnug,This game is good enough for pre-alpha standards but its way too unfinished
,Not Recommended,641990,34470736,Posted: 24 August,all,boi513,Its fun play play around with but when you get past screwing around and start trying to get out of jail its actually kind of annoying. Crafting is essential to this game but obtaining the crafting items is way too random. I cant find any razor blades! Seems to me like everyone has a goddamn log in their desk instead of things that you can use to make the log useful. The game encourages you to get creative but its hard when you cant find anything to complete what you need. you just have to get lucky i guess. There are lots of items in the game but not enough ways to obtain them. maybe im just unlucky but even the inmates that sell stuff seem to all  just have mops and duct tape. The random item rolls really slow me down from having more fun with this game.
76561198301142511,Recommended,641990,34468989,Posted: 24 August,all,Benito_Mussolini,l
76561198297551116,Not Recommended,641990,34428834,Posted: 22 August,all,endertale_asriel,i cant get a refund and i am mad i know it just came out but still it crashes and its annoying and i wasted my money(its a cool game but it crashes plz give me a refund) it wont let me now i have 4 hours of playtime and it just keeps crashing):
76561198076061275,Recommended,641990,34523072,Posted: 27 August,all,"Crazy, Lethal Duck",good game 8/10
76561198044078615,Recommended,641990,34416698,Posted: 22 August,all,Sunpai,The game has a couple of bugs that need to be adressed but other than that it's a great game.The devs have made announcements saying they noticed the bugs that are in the game and they're first priority is to fix these issues.So far there have been multiple patches fixing several different issues.Having played the game for a couple of hours I still think it's very enjoyable on your own as well as with friends.
,Recommended,641990,34416862,Posted: 22 August,all,RickCrimes,"Great follow up for the series, fun multiplayer."
76561198246610704,Recommended,641990,34416329,Posted: 22 August,all,Adolf,WAY to much lag when you change floor i know the game has been relased a few hours ago but pls fix it (or add somethink so older PCs can handle the game) but its still a great game u just need to restart and i still play it
76561198163312064,Not Recommended,641990,34415907,Posted: 22 August,all,FakerOtherGods,useless servers
76561198116935180,Not Recommended,641990,34416256,Posted: 22 August,all,Krios,"rest in peace, been waiting for so long.I played it for 2 hours suddenly it keep on FORCE CLOSING.Why? You need to fix this.It even make my PC go blue screen.Its nice and stuff but damn i keep on crashing.This is sad.Waiting for so long and this is what we get.FIX THE BUG."
76561198117332250,Recommended,641990,34441830,Posted: 23 August,all,a very angry African American,I can see a lot of people complaining about the bugs of this game but this shouldnt stop you from buying it. It is a great game nonetheless and the bugs are not as freaquent as people advertise. if you love escaping prisons with your friends or solo this is the game you want to play.
,Recommended,641990,34432015,Posted: 23 August,all,Pubgee {GAME REVIEWER},"My Escapists life is so fun. Getting used to the daily routine and soon will begin crafting. For now I am just acting casual, lifting weights and reading books, beating people up, go back to my cell at lights out and then I go and play The Escapists 2."
,Not Recommended,641990,34849033,Posted: 9 September,all,Harry,"I was hyped for this game,  and it was worth the wait.However, they ruined the original experience. You can no longer escape by getting some cutters and cut the fence. Instead, you have to do a story escape, some are cool, but in my opinion, it wasn't the best idea. Also, during all the escapes, I have never used a pickaxe effectively.However, if you want a good co-op game with a little bit of a bang to it, get this game. I, unfortunatly, couldn't enjoy this game as muched as the first one."
,Recommended,641990,34412199,Posted: 22 August,all,KiWi,This game is amazing even though i playd it for such a short time but it's such a big difference between this and the first escapists
76561198105333264,Recommended,641990,34410720,Posted: 22 August,all,tbetrus99,Pretty lit game
,Not Recommended,641990,34495514,Posted: 25 August,all,Akiyusa,"The game's great,  but unfortunetly I cannot give it a good rating when the game crashes constantly in multiplayer and bugs are numerous in every attempt to play. In an hour alone of gameplay today, my friend and I experienceed nearly 12 crashes."
,Recommended,641990,34428210,Posted: 22 August,all,DaGamerGuy101,"I REALLY like this game, I think the game is great, but there are a few cons. First, there is a ton of bugs, I mean like almost gamebreaking bugs that make you start a new game and reset all progress on a prison. I was in rattlesnake springs and I had everything needed for an escape, then my game crashed, no big deal. I loaded up my save and I had no cell, all the desks were marked as ""Nobody"" and everything I had was gone, so I had to restart my save. Second, which won't affect much people is the multiplayer Is pretty buggy, it hasen't been that bad, but I reccommend getting this game as i'm sure the devs will fix these bugs."
76561197976455794,Not Recommended,641990,34725543,Posted: 3 September,all,Nole,Thought it was an open ended cute game about escaping prison. It is a time managment game with a clunky UI and even clunkier controls. A handful of prisons with less trhen a handlful of ways to escspe.
76561198092492948,Not Recommended,641990,34472112,Posted: 24 August,all,SpiceHawk,wait until they fix all the bugs
76561198255643033,Recommended,641990,34517188,Posted: 26 August,all,Pugalicious,Best game to ever exist in human history!
,Recommended,641990,34553109,Posted: 28 August,all,✠iλiupolski✠,escapi
,Recommended,641990,34417726,Posted: 22 August,all,You'll Do Notin,SUPER FUN
,Recommended,641990,34418025,Posted: 22 August,all,pedophile,realy fun realy improved and i love it
76561198282479150,Not Recommended,641990,34680857,Posted: 2 September,all,bertmaloy4,The multiplayer crashes all the time.
,Not Recommended,641990,34411595,Posted: 22 August,all,YO HOBO FRIEND,it would be a great game if it didnt lag everyone including me when i join so if you could fix that it would be good
,Not Recommended,641990,34512620,Posted: 26 August,all,danguyen,"gameplay becomes extremely repetitive after the first two prisons. most of the prison escapes are scripted too.the guard dogs are ridiculously OP, they sniff contrabrand off you (makes sense) but also cant be killed whatsoever and know where you are at all times it seems.also, being on good terms with guards seems to do nothing at all.the medics are frustrating. no matter what you do, you can't stop the medics from picking up knocked out people. even when you pick up their bodies, the medics will just come, take them out of your hands, and leave with them. this can be infuriating when you're trying to grab a knocked out guard's stuff.the developers are making good updates, but i cant reccomend the game as it stands currently"
,Not Recommended,641990,34430379,Posted: 22 August,all,Xannies,"cant save in multiplayer, dumb."
76561198060002367,Recommended,641990,34421376,Posted: 22 August,all,Bluebjb,"While I have only played singleplayer, I have enjoyed the game and encountered only one minor bug, not many or any major bugs."
76561198092472519,Recommended,641990,34450937,Posted: 23 August,all,Cuphead,Got it for free. Love it. Thanks Team 17. (TEAM 10)
,Recommended,641990,34495535,Posted: 25 August,all,Litanah,"At the time of me writing this the game is getting a lot of bad reviews but this is mostly down to glitches and crashes - all of which are a) subjective and b) most likely going to be fixed in future updates. Some people said that its just the game as before but re-skinned.My advice is - if you enjoyed the first one then you should buy this. More prisons, multiplayer and the dialogue is hilarious. Take the game for what it is - tongue in cheek - pixellated fun. I'm having a great time and donot regret getting this at all!Great game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBiUmxv-aQM"
,Not Recommended,641990,34425773,Posted: 22 August,all,Grizzly,"broken mess tbqh famalamajimjamFix your♥♥♥♥♥♥and then it'll probably be alrightalso remove the generic youtubeBait name generator. If they're so insufferable that I don't wanna watch their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ videos then just imagine how ♥♥♥♥ing insufferable they'd be in prisonIt's like one of those ""if you were stuck in a room with Markiplier and Hitler and you had a gun with one bullet who would you shoot"" situationsHonestly it has the potential to be really good, but♥♥♥♥♥♥needs to get fixed first. Game's a mess"
76561198356874780,Recommended,641990,34457618,Posted: 24 August,all,drteddybear,its fun
76561198117436591,Recommended,641990,34964740,Posted: 14 September,all,marcus8878,best gameevverrr
,Recommended,641990,34420115,Posted: 22 August,all,FΛTNΛKΞR,"No problems apart from a slight menu glitch, where you could see nothing"
76561198022213038,Recommended,641990,34424751,Posted: 22 August,all,Bo,way better than the first one and its tons of fun!
76561198272407668,Recommended,641990,34442972,Posted: 23 August,all,Zray,AMAZING
76561198331739169,Recommended,641990,34535173,Posted: 27 August,all,alvarosaez316,BUY IT
,Recommended,641990,34695512,Posted: 2 September,all,Seanawannatheiguana,"Great game, but whenever  I talk to a person to get a quest, it freezes, and crashes the game. Please fix that issue and it will be ecven better. Thanks."
,Recommended,641990,34950779,Posted: 14 September,all,dylbobaggins24,Brilliant
76561198403700150,Recommended,641990,34954712,Posted: 14 September,all,Tr1cKZz The Table,Don't drop the soap ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198008843547,Not Recommended,641990,34923789,Posted: 13 September,all,EllieSoufi,"Still very buggy. Trying to play local coop and we still have lots of issues of things not working, such as not being able to perform an action or complete a quest. Sometimes buttons just stop working.Setting up the multiplayer is also confusing, we had to start over like 5 times.Also does not support multiple monitors or even custom resolutions, so we all had to share a single screen even though I have 3.At this point I would not reccomend this game, but I hope the developers fix these issues as the game seems very fun.The character customization could be better too, there's very few options, and it doesn't seem like adding more would be that big of a deal."
,Recommended,641990,34419157,Posted: 22 August,all,Gamingcat78,WOO HOO one of the first reviews! Great game!
,Recommended,641990,34410278,Posted: 22 August,all,Artem1uS,Keep it up! A massive improvement from the first one
,Recommended,641990,34410897,Posted: 22 August,all,Batjet40,Best game of the series!! No bugs for me on a laptop really fun!!Won't regret it!!10/10 for me
76561198312359283,Recommended,641990,35140064,Posted: 22 September,all,SwagEmoji,I LIKE IT
,Recommended,641990,34439953,Posted: 23 August,all,mableuniverse,amazing
76561198413633746,Not Recommended,641990,34989142,Posted: 15 September,all,SIVED CREEPER,the game is fine for first time loading but everytime i load it up i get  a black boarded screen
,Recommended,641990,35200075,Posted: 25 September,all,AshyAsh,‍     ‍     ‍     ‍
,Recommended,641990,34438664,Posted: 23 August,all,TeCHno,"This Game Is The Best!!Pros--Fun-Multiplayer-Addicting-Time KillerCons--The Lag On Multiplayer-Hosts On Multiplayer (In My Opinion Should Be The Players With Best WIFI.)Highly Recommended.EDIT: You Should Try To Get The Guys Named ""Codex"" And ""Vsetop"" Off, As They Have Pirated The Escapists 2.. My Suggestion Is A License Check (To Check If You Own The Game), Like It Is On The Mobile Version Of The Escapists."
,Not Recommended,641990,34449763,Posted: 23 August,all,Survail,Escapists 2 a.k.a an unfinshed product.Just the ConsReleasing the game in a nearly unplayble form10 maps for 20$ what kinda of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t is that?Pre-Order the game for a map and charge everyone else 4$Make a season pass for a game with little content and charge 10$ instead of adding free content to the game to make the consumer feel like they got their money's worth and also make the game worth 20$.Unless you have a friend dont bother. Since they only way this game is worth 10 ♥♥♥♥ing maps is if you play verus and co-op with them to help you get pasted this pure cashgrab.Gameplay features that are purely there to force you to take longer to escape like unkillable dogs that are faster then you and will 3-5 shot you resulting in a loss of your items. Everyone else is beatble why not the only new threat?Rehashed Gameplay from the first one and a majoirty of the gameplay features taken and ripped on in The Escapist 2.New transport prisons that involve moving prisons fun right? Well you can only play 3 since its a new feature theres going to be a 9.99 dollar paywall to get what the Escapists 2 should have been.
76561198176318738,Recommended,641990,34547813,Posted: 28 August,all,Flashon,3 words... BEST GAME EVER!!!!
76561198204133215,Recommended,641990,34553265,Posted: 28 August,all,ThePenguinGamerYT,"this is one of my most favurite game, i think i spelt it rhigt"
76561198388484303,Recommended,641990,34440738,Posted: 23 August,all,J4XT3G_YT,It's crashing when I play a prison
76561198111356777,Not Recommended,641990,34439773,Posted: 23 August,all,awesomeman123,"very disapointing, and has its fair view of bugs. If you didnt like the first game, do not, i repeat DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,641990,34405180,Posted: 21 August,all,bloodbattle,very GOOOD BUY NOW!!!
76561198353539681,Recommended,641990,34430397,Posted: 22 August,all,DOGE LOVER,This game is the best ever I love the mechanics of this game and the graphics AND I LOVE THE WHOLE GAME I recommend you getting this game cause u can play multiplayer and VS mode and so much more
76561198347858009,Recommended,641990,34451749,Posted: 23 August,all,Tom,"It's Shuch A Good Game To InproveMy Skill Of Buliding Walls Better And Stronger and, Bigger.5/5 StarsBy,Donald J Trump"
76561198072668400,Recommended,641990,34664561,Posted: 1 September,all,duhc3,goood game
76561198414930252,Not Recommended,641990,34448041,Posted: 23 August,all,jlabovsky,"Game does not launch on a MacBook, OS 10.11.6. It gets to the selection of levels, then after clicking new game, it shows title screen and then hangs.  Turned on autoupdates, still same problem. Asking for refund."
,Recommended,641990,34415641,Posted: 22 August,all,Sebby,Dank
76561198401858124,Recommended,641990,35217824,Posted: 26 September,all,Michael,guys pls get escapist 2 it is amazing and you will love it . their is a lot of maps with different themes which make this game really fun and also their are so many cool items to craft ( make knucks they aare beast
,Recommended,641990,34426856,Posted: 22 August,all,Razer,Good.
,Recommended,641990,34552105,Posted: 28 August,all,dev11345,Good game.
,Recommended,641990,34805016,Posted: 7 September,all,chessypickmen34 CSGO500,"Pretty fun its compleatly RNG based, anyone can kill you when you have all the items to escape then you loose all of them, gards will for some random♥♥♥♥♥reason stalk you, so many ♥♥♥♥ing gliches, will go into lockdown for digging a hole while gardening, and the RNG is horrable"
,Recommended,641990,35053117,Posted: 18 September,all,Satoshi,"This is a great game, but it is sometimes very, very laggy and glitchy, and I am a fan, SHOUTOUT TO DANTDM!!!!! Anyways, I would rather prefer the old escapst because the old one may have had more bugs, but was so much smoother. I dont have the game personnally, but my friend has it and it was way smoother. Please rate my review on the game. I will be wanting a refund on the game. I hope it works."
76561198142897949,Recommended,641990,34408659,Posted: 21 August,all,yourmomexposed,sus
,Not Recommended,641990,34460455,Posted: 24 August,all,Zesty ム,"I purchased this game for my friend and I, we played the first game and we were really pumped for the idea of coop system, and then they annouced the second one is multiplayer, however, the multiplayer is practically unplayable, we keep disconnecting and it's buggy / unresponsive at times. It's neither of our nets playing up, we tested that. Might repurchase on a sale or when they fix the multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,641990,34494113,Posted: 25 August,all,Dreya,"Crashing simulator, post patch"
76561198349197050,Recommended,641990,34526108,Posted: 27 August,all,neeldhanwani1000,positive
,Not Recommended,641990,35361311,Posted: 30 September,all,𝖋𝖑𝖆𝖗𝖊𝖌𝖚𝖓,"Honestly, the game is repetitive. It has no true variety and is just used as a quick pass time. It's not worth the money they're asking."
,Not Recommended,641990,34589549,Posted: 29 August,all,Trͭuͪeͤ Ph0enix,"This game sucks, don't release a game early, I was walking around, and instantly as I walked past a guard, WITH 0 HEAT, he started attacking me, DONT BUY THIS GAME YET UNLESS YOU WANT TO GET AIDS"
76561198122437421,Not Recommended,641990,34407076,Posted: 21 August,all,Headass,"Too complicated, first game was better"
76561198334042118,Not Recommended,641990,34481395,Posted: 25 August,all,hayden.desmond,"Was super hyped for this game, preordered it back almost 3 weeks ago, but was EXTREMELY dissapointed by it. Was definetly NOT worth 20$. I requested a refund, and I will just re buy it later on when it is on sale and has less bugs."
,Not Recommended,641990,34496248,Posted: 25 August,all,Engaged Pineapple,Kind of disapointed wanted to play  split screen but it was timed I would like to see modifiers like co-op mode and play the actual  prisons not timed not rushed and the actual game not some un cut watered down version.I want to be treated to the same things as I would be on single player than local split screen and  I would like to see the campaign in local co op and  splitscreen not timed or rushed and treated the same.please make it happen also aloe us to choose which prison not just the type what if I wanted to try the easy prisons I would have to just hope that I get the one I want.But that's just my opinion I hope you look at my suggestion and maybe and some thing like this nothing against the creators of the escapists I just have been looking forward to a split screen co-op escapists game it was too rushed and not an authentic escapists game.
,Recommended,641990,34447254,Posted: 23 August,all,Bar,"this game was worth waiting the thrill of escaping the prisons tricking the guards planning,raiding all the options of escaping overwhelming, the rush forfilling very good game reccomended."
76561198071341852,Not Recommended,641990,34726213,Posted: 3 September,all,EzGaMe,"my game keep crashing, totally cannot play"
76561198286206711,Not Recommended,641990,34515100,Posted: 26 August,all,UNVE,"full game? found a huge bug the first 10 minutes starting up the game. Could be fixed up and be a good game, for now only single player works semi right."
76561198390051030,Recommended,641990,34421025,Posted: 22 August,all,Saht50,Pretty fun to make your enemies in the game and beat the living daylight out of them
,Recommended,641990,34430434,Posted: 22 August,all,TheGreenBeagle,"The escapists 2 is a sequel of the original game, the escapists 1. This game is really fun and strategic and heres some pros and consPros:Includes about 10 prisonsNew prison type, transport prisons. These are moving prisons where you rush against the clock to escapeTons of content-this game is loadedA Great multiplayer and team based mechanics and feelCons:Still pretty buggy. (as of the first day of release)My opinion:This game is amazing. It has a great sense and feel to teamwork, invloves lots of stealth and strategic plans and is overall super exciting, intense and fun.The game does have a few bugs but then again it was released last night. 39/39 i recommend this"
76561198082337599,Not Recommended,641990,34997526,Posted: 16 September,all,Peachy,"The multiplayer mode is not a co-op. It's a versus, where you get trolled with a sock mace everytime you walk out of your cell. I prefer the graphics of the original more. If you like the graphics that you see in the trailer above, and you want the game for single player, then you should get it. If you care about multiplayer, I wouldn't reccomend it."
76561198201890093,Not Recommended,641990,35242127,Posted: 27 September,all,edushouat,"good game,bad server"
76561198189361234,Recommended,641990,34428899,Posted: 22 August,all,GeneralCam,"This game is so, fun. It dosent have many aucual glitches it has visual glitches, But I Really Love it :)"
,Recommended,641990,34425736,Posted: 22 August,all,Bebomonky,The best strategy game ever and even better than the first Escapists!. What we need is the Workshop! so people can spread there ideas and makes the eaisest prisons or the hardest prison in the game! If the Workshop was here i wish i could reveiw this game with 100 Reccommendations!
,Recommended,641990,34425724,Posted: 22 August,all,Misko,Love it!!!
76561198221353204,Recommended,641990,34465787,Posted: 24 August,all,gz,i love the multiplayer
,Not Recommended,641990,34723116,Posted: 3 September,all,fearlesstv2,my game constatnly crashes and this is rediclas. i am furious about it. ive tried everything and nothing for the devs has worked.
76561198268866941,Not Recommended,641990,34405755,Posted: 21 August,all,Bread Wizard,Have been attempting to play with a friend and it kept crashing for him and me. I don't want a refund but I would like it fixed.
,Recommended,641990,34499389,Posted: 26 August,all,agit05 csgotreasure.com,i wish that you chuld  decaid where you live ssorry for bad englis
76561198314490158,Recommended,641990,34630940,Posted: 31 August,all,.....,good game
76561198285330802,Recommended,641990,34911362,Posted: 12 September,all,fluffyice7,dont buy my computer if you want this game...
76561198416305893,Not Recommended,641990,34981645,Posted: 15 September,all,davincretain,CONTROLS. LAGGY.
76561198018910143,Recommended,641990,34415487,Posted: 22 August,all,IronRinzler,"really fun, kinda hard but i enjoy it alot."
,Recommended,641990,34444993,Posted: 23 August,all,Rejza,Ok so game is good.
76561198337334161,Recommended,641990,34447267,Posted: 23 August,all,aspyros,i cant get pest the toutoril part ware you craft a sock mase
,Recommended,641990,34457243,Posted: 24 August,all,Freakify,"it is crashing a lot but i am 110% sure team 17 will fix this, instead 11/10"
,Recommended,641990,34492467,Posted: 25 August,all,✪ TyeWalt,good game it fun
,Recommended,641990,34419314,Posted: 22 August,all,FezAndBow,"Really great game, EXCEPT, it crashes way too often."
76561198088978715,Recommended,641990,34405367,Posted: 21 August,all,Mr.Wolf,this is a very fun game i recomend this too all
76561198288174523,Recommended,641990,34406059,Posted: 21 August,all,jasongm12345,yes
76561198125580140,Recommended,641990,34442666,Posted: 23 August,all,|Kickle-xStuff,Its better than ubisoft/sex
76561197971163711,Not Recommended,641990,34721083,Posted: 3 September,all,Dangermouse,Real prison is more fun than this.
,Not Recommended,641990,34493743,Posted: 25 August,all,Whiskers,"Its pretty much the same thing over and over and over again find stuff, steal, eat, train to make your character better, do all of it again and its pretty much boring."
76561198140291869,Not Recommended,641990,34488303,Posted: 25 August,all,IliyanBg,"The game is good,but I have a general problem. When I play the game it chashes every time. I don't know if this is normal,but I can't play it when it chashes again and again. It wold be good if they fix it. ^^"
,Not Recommended,641990,34512910,Posted: 26 August,all,Nunurzzz,- Lunch the game- Crash- Re-lunch the game- Re-crash- Re-Re-Relunch the game- Re-Re-Re-CrashRepeat as many times as needed then you can refund.Game could be awesome but too buggy right now.
,Not Recommended,641990,34523082,Posted: 27 August,all,Jet Alone,Game crashs constantly in multiplayer.
,Not Recommended,641990,34408221,Posted: 21 August,all,ForensicWolf,"Wait for the bugs to be fixed THEN buy the game. First day it's out when posting this, keep note of that. My multitool turned into a plastic fork......Really really?..Friends game didn't save he also lost mostly everything.. I know bugs but come on. The npc's have no money and we have no money. I had a job and all that money just gone. If I wanted an early access game I would've bought one. Not this and other games that seem to keep coming out. That we all keep getting promised ARE FULL GAMES. It's like only getting part of a shirt you buy. What the hell are you going to do with just the basic outlines and a bunch of holes in it that always seem to need patches.. Honestly I find it sad that a reason NOT to buy a game is NOT because it is bad but because it's NOT done. It's almost disrespectful to all gamers that this has become the norm. It almost begs the question do the developers even test the products they put out? Or even have testers anymore?"
,Not Recommended,641990,34545422,Posted: 27 August,all,Sterling,"A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game, crashed every 2 mins when I go to an NPC Played for max 1.3 hours so ye..... And you might say ""oh you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ OC"" well no you are talking about the guy who runs arma 3 60 FPS on high settings"
,Not Recommended,641990,34499938,Posted: 26 August,all,Per0028,Why are there so many missing textures please help me
76561198325753792,Not Recommended,641990,35455094,Posted: 3 October,all,TominoD'SNUZ,"do NOT buy this game, JUST DON'T... Rather than buying this game, i suggest you to go buy some ice-cream...Escapist 1 is an incredible game, i liked it and i still enjoy it...But Escapist 2, it's so broken, such a broken game should be the same price as Escapsit 1. Simply because it has better graphic. The game isn't finished clearly, those who made this game, published this ""what was suppose to be a MASTERPIECE"" in such a hurry with all the bugs in the man-known kind. this morning i logged on the game and found out all the progress in-game is GONE...which isn't so bad considering that i only escaped 6 prisons, and i can redo them anytime i want...IF i want to play anymore. The glitches in the game is so ridiculous... If you are wondering if you should buy this to have some Co-op fun, either with strangers or friends. I can tell you, you WILL LAG like there is no tomorrow... Buy this game at your own risks."
76561198377842448,Not Recommended,641990,34405559,Posted: 21 August,all,Vegetal_King,fix da game plz
76561198308902190,Recommended,641990,34430832,Posted: 22 August,all,cristinos777,when I start playing the game it has a lot of lag in my
,Not Recommended,641990,34514514,Posted: 26 August,all,GDH Official,Lags WAYYY too much and multiplayer has many many many bugs. I can't recommend it until those two things are changed.
76561198150474022,Recommended,641990,34426013,Posted: 22 August,all,hynt3r,fix the crashes/bugs for multiplayer please.
76561198038244070,Not Recommended,641990,34443378,Posted: 23 August,all,Brassqund,"A couple of days after the release, the game is still a lot bugged.Items diseapear, game crash, AI and interfaces bugs...The game is not finished.I hightly recommend to not buy this game yet.On the bright side, they ARE working on fixes (the game was patched once) so I mayedit my review once the game deserved it."
,Not Recommended,641990,35234001,Posted: 26 September,all,Vec,"Love the game, but trying to play splitscreen co-op is buggy as hell. Half the time it doesn't even work."
,Recommended,641990,34424186,Posted: 22 August,all,IzzyPizzyG,It's a good game.but it's keep crashing.
76561198081669697,Recommended,641990,34410301,Posted: 22 August,all,干嘛,issa good game
,Not Recommended,641990,34649778,Posted: 31 August,all,Cookie Bad Ass,It lags
76561198156015920,Not Recommended,641990,35188640,Posted: 24 September,all,Monkey Magic,Well made game but got bored quick
76561197970559318,Recommended,641990,34417661,Posted: 22 August,all,Skoenwald,Love it! nuff said!
76561198246010694,Not Recommended,641990,34599636,Posted: 29 August,all,lou5671,"this game looks really fun but you can't get into a prison, each time it crashes."
76561198221278032,Recommended,641990,34455845,Posted: 24 August,all,MrSuper,help my game is not openning.
76561198258020071,Recommended,641990,34426808,Posted: 22 August,all,Luke is awesome,AWESOME GAME I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,641990,34425592,Posted: 22 August,all,From Above,"DEAR DEVELOPERS PLEASE READ THISThe game is just perfect, but there are still many things to be fixed such as game braking bugs which you probably already know about.Bugs : Sometimes I get the security stars out of nowhere. Even tho I do attempt all the routines. They do appear sometimes. Maybe it is a feature I don't know about? Because I tried playing totally peacful and I still got them. The ""evening"" purple doors are always open. They were suppose to open at 10:00 and close at 22:00. But you are still freely able to go through them even after that time. Also on the cells which face sideways you can put only 3 bedsheets. However it is suppose to be 4. As well after removing the bedsheet and the pillow of your bed.The new ones don't appear.Please Add : If both players pause the game at the same time. It will pause.No items randomly disseapearing from desks (or is it someone stealing them?)AN ABILITY TO CHANGE FUNCTION OF THEM MOUSE BUTTONS : RMB and LMBMake it so in the settings you can select left click as the action for example. Because only the keys from the keyboard work now.Also play the game yourself and see all the possible bugs to fix"
,Recommended,641990,34410246,Posted: 22 August,all,Materialyze,i am able to attack other dogos and i like it
,Recommended,641990,34420994,Posted: 22 August,all,hornets0801,Very Gud
76561198060129075,Not Recommended,641990,35332583,Posted: 30 September,all,Generally Awful,"Too many bugs, makes the game almost unplayable on multiplayer."
76561198076912764,Not Recommended,641990,35209527,Posted: 25 September,all,kidofburden,Super buggy. I'm constantly getting bad scores simply because the controls stop working and I have to completely exit out of the game in order to get them back.
76561197999881494,Not Recommended,641990,34481685,Posted: 25 August,all,Foxon Spoopyfur,"I enjoy The Escapists and I enjoyed the sequel. I'm not the greatest at the game, though. I only beat the first 3 prisons in the first game and decided to stop on the fourth. I am finally calling it quits on the third prison in this one. Why?I understand that players are better and want harder prisons, but what about players that aren't as good? I don't like thinking I only get half of a game because I hit a threshold and the game just becomes frustrating.The game's bugs aside (I never had a problem with bugs or glitches) I have one MAJOR COMPLAINT, and this is the sole reason I'm not playing more of this game:Auto-saving.Saving is no longer done at the beginning of each morning and instead auto-saves throughout the day.Why is this such a problem? I had all my tools and everything perfectly set up. I left my cell using a red key and before I could even get to the wall I was about to cut through for my escape I was spotted. Why? light (spotlights, lamp lights, any light) is instant lockdown EVEN IN A GUARD OUTFIT.I Then lost all my sturdy tools, my red key, my weapon, and about 6 hours of progress.THEN IT AUTO-SAVES? Oh, so if you lose your tools on a failed attempt you are ♥♥♥♥ed. Instead of doing a 15 minute day for a second attempt now you have to do all your progress up to that point again.There is no manual saving either. It's not even an option. ♥♥♥♥ the developers if they thought this was a good design choice.I understand that good players of the game will argue ""that just makes it more rewarding when you get out. It awards not getting caught over and over again,"" but when was escaping in the first Escapists NOT rewarding? Why did it have to be changed this way? And you still had to go through the whole day before you could attempt your escape again. Was waiting 15 minutes not a big enough punishment for getting caught?Horrible design choice, and I do NOT recommend this game because of the ""improved"" save feature. Unless you like losing everything when you get caught even once.Saving issue aside,I still like the game a lot and it's a great game. The new mobile prisons are interesting and all the unique escapes gives a lot more replayability.A shame that there's a huge deal-breaker for me. I would have loved to play it with a friend with the new multiplayer. When it's fixed, that is."
76561198281751349,Not Recommended,641990,34669874,Posted: 1 September,all,TokenBoom,"I thought this game was going to be good, welp, I was wrong! The game was clearly rush because my game crashes every time I try to invite my friend, the game would just crash! Also the game would give me 100 heat for no reason! Team17, fix this piece of crap!0/10!!!"
,Recommended,641990,34404849,Posted: 21 August,all,AfatChicken,Great! Controls are kinda hard to get used to . But really fun!
,Not Recommended,641990,34634309,Posted: 31 August,all,Joula,Little added since the original besides multiplayer which I haven't been able to test.
,Not Recommended,641990,35333960,Posted: 30 September,all,lucii,"I had high hopes for this game, and it started out well, but it bugs out for no reason and can become completely unplayable. An utter waste of money."
76561198072642453,Not Recommended,641990,34405711,Posted: 21 August,all,Cancer is not a joke,"the first one was way better, this feels rushed"
,Not Recommended,641990,34576603,Posted: 29 August,all,The Clorax titan.tf,no matter what i do this piece of crap doesnt start and i cant get a refund + there not fixing the damn game so im stuck with a buggy mess that i want a refund on
76561198347085088,Not Recommended,641990,34450199,Posted: 23 August,all,DarkWolv,"I had the requirements to play the game, but it lagged alot, Plz fix this"
,Recommended,641990,34533824,Posted: 27 August,all,johnV,noice
,Recommended,641990,34406226,Posted: 21 August,all,Stanneke,"It's a great game, The Escapists 2 is so much more fun than it's prequel. You have more escape options, you can play with your friends. It runs smooth, however multiplayer has a few glitches but I'm sure the developers will fix this in the future. This game is worth your money! 10/10"
,Recommended,641990,34412613,Posted: 22 August,all,Flamemander,i strongly recomend buying this game if you want a challenge
,Not Recommended,641990,34460885,Posted: 24 August,all,Sir_Bart,"The Escapist 2 is a game that can be fun for a few hours until you realise that it begins getting repetitive. This game is basically a money grab by Team17, you can tell that they don't care about their player base as they release a first day dlc and then don't ever say they will have a season pass but then put that up along with the first day dlc.Along with several glitches on launch (of which some have not been fixed even after 3 bugs fixing updates), they say that certain bugs are ""features"" like when leaving a multiplayer game and re-joining you lose all your stats as well as bed sheets not respawning overnight and then go back on their word and release a bug fix for the bed sheets.some reason this game is just a money grab:First day DLCSeason PassNo innovative ideasRepetitive after about 5-6 hoursPrisons are bland60% of the rooms never are used for anything that can add gameplay featuresYoutuber Indorsement (forced names and likeness in the game with no turn off)Listing bugs as ""features""3 Transport missions that only are just there to boost numbers of prisons for hypeEscapes are locked to Single player and Multiplayer (for no reason)Limited escapes (almost all are scripted and make you have to get specific items to complete unless you tunnel out)If playing multiplayer, leaving and re-joining resets stats unless hostNo special eventsNo way to bribe the guards for favours, items or likenessCrafting is extremely limitedRepetitive QuestsLimited WeaponsNo DepthCurrently released in a heavily unfinished and buggy stateGame feels like 30 fps even giving a headache after a whilePersonally I feel like this is a major cash grab on Team17's part and that they care more about money and less about the player base. No innovation and I was really looking forward to at least there being 6-12 escapes per prison but there is only like a max of 4-5 in every prison excluding the digging or card/key escapes."
,Not Recommended,641990,34474798,Posted: 24 August,all,Surge!,"mediocre from clunky controls to bugs and glitches, Refunded"
,Not Recommended,641990,34424093,Posted: 22 August,all,Capitalism,not very fun nothing like the original
76561198123304437,Recommended,641990,34404820,Posted: 21 August,all,abhi108max,This is absuolutly fabulis game i love it so much(even though my computer suck butt)
76561198285270272,Recommended,641990,34404865,Posted: 21 August,all,brewis5,This a very good game the graphics and animation is better. This game i can tell will be in my top 5 games of the year
76561198285499010,Not Recommended,641990,34630664,Posted: 31 August,all,Tj,联机有很多bug，经常闪退，重连存档出错，游戏体验极差。too bad!
,Recommended,641990,34405196,Posted: 21 August,all,Keksimus Maximus,From the little i played its alot of fun i highly recommend itEdit: I have no idea why everyone elses game crashes yet mine does not its weird.
,Recommended,641990,34448580,Posted: 23 August,all,Hristo,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198327573817,Recommended,641990,34404781,Posted: 21 August,all,Southpawjr,"It is finally here!I was looking at that clock and then something started installing!#TheEscapists2Edit: It is a great game, but it wont stop crashing :("
,Not Recommended,641990,34523343,Posted: 27 August,all,apollo's adi's,Got a red key and attempted to escape with 2 of my friends... WHY CANT I USE MY RED KEY TO LET MY FRIEND OUT OF HIS CELL?! Our plan got thrown down the drain because we all need our own individual keys to get out of our own cells which I find stupid since we should be able to just let each other out with one key. For now I will not reccommend it but I will come back to this game in the future to see if my opinion has changed.
,Not Recommended,641990,35245427,Posted: 27 September,all,dick sand,what a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥dont get it waste of money i refunded it
76561198275952217,Not Recommended,641990,35497213,Posted: 5 October,all,Joshua,Terrible don't buy.
,Recommended,641990,34404884,Posted: 21 August,all,Edgelord,Dis is awesome
76561198296237529,Not Recommended,641990,34682073,Posted: 2 September,all,✪ rae,crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash   crash
76561198073061188,Not Recommended,641990,34484408,Posted: 25 August,all,Sabor,Fix the bugs
,Recommended,641990,34422258,Posted: 22 August,all,morph113,My in depth review:pro:- good gamecon:- yes10/10
,Not Recommended,641990,34445913,Posted: 23 August,all,Castler2012,You can't drink the bleach.
76561198409689364,Not Recommended,641990,34409936,Posted: 21 August,all,bemymate101,sorry but I spend all my birthday money on getting this game only to find out that it doesn't work
76561198119160059,Not Recommended,641990,35473801,Posted: 4 October,all,DO YOU WANT HAVE BAD TOM,Мя
76561198039079523,Recommended,641990,34404681,Posted: 21 August,all,I Did Not,its alright i think they could use more police officers and less spelling mistakes in the description of the game 101 would reccoment
,Not Recommended,641990,34545525,Posted: 27 August,all,Pingu,NOOOT NOT NOOOOOOOT Noot Not Nooot NOOOOOOOT
76561198296682923,Not Recommended,641990,34404887,Posted: 21 August,all,Butter Knife,"When i make a new save slot and click start, it would load then it would crash... please fix this."
,Not Recommended,641990,35027212,Posted: 17 September,all,☭CommunistBoi csgogem.com,"So boring, don't buy this trash game. I don't even know if I would buy it for 4.99$ in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,641990,34632761,Posted: 31 August,all,ุุBTSpaniel,Game is hard and has many annoying things
76561198124548335,Not Recommended,641990,34959875,Posted: 14 September,all,mexicanak1102,bad
,Not Recommended,641990,34788365,Posted: 6 September,all,TheReportOfTheWeek,this game sucks pee pee
76561198314329062,Not Recommended,641990,35224331,Posted: 26 September,all,Snapple,no
,Not Recommended,641990,35351700,Posted: 30 September,all,a/c,this game sucksedit: it's pretty bad
76561198074118188,Not Recommended,641990,34406026,Posted: 21 August,all,tinlizzard,"So my father spends 20 dollars on this game, and when I get in on my own server, I can't do anything.I did the tutorial, but now whenever I try to play, it just spams from left to right, and I've tried rebooting it, and restarting it, but it doesn't work.I have to give this game a thumbs down, sorry!"
,Not Recommended,641990,34827717,Posted: 8 September,all,Herbalist,NO.
,Not Recommended,641990,34523462,Posted: 27 August,all,MAVERIK111!!!,help i want to get refund
,Recommended,641990,34404661,Posted: 21 August,all,Soja Milch,The best game and top 10 to write a review
,Not Recommended,641990,35402278,Posted: 1 October,all,the hollywood hootsman,...
76561198128122310,Not Recommended,641990,34765208,Posted: 5 September,all,weareteamskinner,worst thing ive ever seen it gave me lots of malware (42 to be exact) DO NOT BUY THIS TERRIBLE GAME
76561198071762260,Not Recommended,641990,34405771,Posted: 21 August,all,Mrsquidilyactha Society.gg,THIS GAME IS THE BIGGEST ♥♥♥♥ING PEICE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥I HAVE EVER PLAYED AND I HAVE PLAYED NO MANS SKY.
76561198154538609,Recommended,641990,34469491,Posted: 24 August,all,Oreo,"This Game is lots of fun and this is coming from someone who didn't play the first Escapists. The Multiplayer was fixed along with many other bugs that caused the community to go crazy because they thought it would be better but, good news is that that has all been fixed at the time of making this. Me personaly love playing with friends cause it allows us to work as a team or against each other to see who could win faster or together. If you don't like the multiplayer aspect there is still fun in playing singleplayer. In the singleplayer there can be more ways to escape because you only have to worry about yourself nobody else. Overall this game is amazing and lots of fun and I recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,641990,34469538,Posted: 24 August,all,DarkMatter310,One of the best games I have ever played. It provides players with the fun enjoyable sandbox and the heartpounding survival of an RPG. Thrilling fun for 4 players. Along with the intense versus multiplayer revolutionizing gameplay. I give 5 Stars.
,Recommended,641990,34468882,Posted: 24 August,all,Duke,"I very much anticipated this game, I wasn't much of a fan of the first one but seeing the second, especially knowing about co-op I was really excited to jump into it and I think I had high hopes for it so the question to that is, was I let down by the rocky release?No, not really. Yeah there were alot of bugs, they closed the beta off to YouTubers instead of letting the community help squash bugs before release so they wouldn't have an ""Early Access"" tag but in my hopes I still got what I really wanted which was a fun sandbox I could play with my friends.I should say that I have a pretty high tolerance to this type of Bull, so your results may vary however I am happy to say that The developers have been hard at work and released 3 patches within the last day and if they keep that up continue to listen to the community and work dilligently I'd say this is a good investment and a good game."
,Recommended,641990,34440763,Posted: 23 August,all,Rebry,"Its just plain cooperative escaping fun.It did have some hickups on the first few days from the launch. but 3 pathces the following 2 days and things seem to work much better.I really reccomend this game for a group of friends who wants to do some lan fun, or just derp around in a prison to find the most perfect escape ever done."
,Recommended,641990,34468808,Posted: 24 August,all,Egyptman09,An improvement on the first one for sure. Bugs have been fixed in the latest patch
76561198154902584,Recommended,641990,34470853,Posted: 24 August,all,Alien81585,I personally love this game. The new updates have fixed a lot of the past issues. Multiplayer works very well now. I would recommend this game to anyone who likes the first game.
76561198286265395,Recommended,641990,34471218,Posted: 24 August,all,Secre,"The game has some bugs now,but still a good game."
,Recommended,641990,34447192,Posted: 23 August,all,nate,This game has gotten mixed reviews mainly due to the game being very buggy I understand that but im leaving a positive review just as a counterpoint to that because they seem to be trying to fix the game updates were out within 2 days of release. so thumbs up they may of ♥♥♥♥ed up but there working on it. *update third update releaced on third day i would be surprised righ now if they did not ffix the bugs reported by other reviews
76561198326256982,Recommended,641990,34470215,Posted: 24 August,all,UnknownPi3,Don't know why i saw so many hate comments the days past the game is pretty good.Apart from a few Visual Glitches there doesnt seem to be any other bugs.I've only played thru the first 3 prisons and bought the game 2 days ago so maybe there was a update as the reviews are mostly positive now
,Not Recommended,641990,34420843,Posted: 22 August,all,luq,Bugs and design decisions make this game big f**** pile of frustration.AVOID IT.
,Recommended,641990,34466194,Posted: 24 August,all,Timmy Twoshoes,"The new updates are fixing most of the flaws, so far it is very enjoyable and I recommend the game."
76561198252693204,Recommended,641990,34468649,Posted: 24 August,all,danielcarrick,"I don't know I'f it is only me or anyone else, but the game crashes after I open the inventory after ten times or so. This is a problem for me as I am a new player, and have to continue to look at the crafting. This game is fun, but I cannot proceed that much or at a speed I would like to. Otherwise it would be a positive review. Please, when I open inventory after the certain amount of times, it crashes on the inventory screen, and is the only time it crashes. Also a crash lead me to not getting to a roll call on time and the prison went into lockdown. That was when I had everything to escape, and all was taken away from me. Please find a way around this and fix this issue. I do not want to have this happen again, as it set me back 3 days to get all the materials again to craft the items to escape."
76561198408659739,Recommended,641990,34469212,Posted: 24 August,all,😀XxHighlifexX( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°,it was really fun and great graphics and its so iresisteble and i cant stop playin it
,Recommended,641990,34470524,Posted: 24 August,all,Maz,"This game is so good, multiple different ways to complete it and so many things to make. It's easy to lose track of time in this game since you're too busy finding the right materials and how to break out, would be great to play with friends online but currently have no friends that have it yet.10/10"
76561198186706362,Recommended,641990,34470571,Posted: 24 August,all,Snooty ツ,Ok this game is fun but dogs are annoying pls make it so u can fight them i know its cruelty but its unfair.
,Recommended,641990,34472138,Posted: 24 August,all,The Nebulator,"I always did think the original Escapists was fun, but it got dull after awhile. There were also some limiting mechanics (only being able to save at bedtime was especially infuriating), but overall it was a good game.For The Escapists 2, they've taken a huge step up, fixing numerous limitations and tweaking features from the original, while still having a crapton of new content to offer. Perhaps my favorite feature is the ability to not only customize your own character, but change and screw with every single prisoner and guard to your liking. While the character modofication isn't as quite as open-ended as I would have hoped (the hair is the worst offender here: there are limited hairstyles and only four/five main hair colors to choose from), but it gets the job done very well.I haven't yet escaped any prisons (I was disastrously bad at escaping in the first game, so I want to assess before flying in blindly), the new version of Center Perks (which was my favorite prison in TE1, don't ask why) is absolutely breathtaking. There's so much more detail added, and it's incredible.Multiplayer, something I'm sure literally everyone who liked TE1 wanted, is finally here. I cannot wait to kick prison guard butt with my pals.That's all I have to say, really. Other than gawk over how great the game was, I made a bunch of prisoners based on my friends and just observed what happened. In short...-One of them keeps hitting people for no reason-One carries a broom at all times and likes me way too much-One of them always complains about how he didn't get a medium rare steak in the cafeteria-One has endless amounts of dead rats in their desk, I'm still confused about this and also a bit scared-And oh yeah, one of them is literally Mr. T.Anyway, my verdict? Buy it. If you don't enjoy the ""escaping"" part (but why wouldn't you), you can sit and look at the stupid but funny dialogue all day. ""OH MY!!! WHAT ON EARTH IS THAT!?!?""Also, the harmonica is the best thing in the whole game."
,Recommended,641990,34442566,Posted: 23 August,all,SillyandStrange,"UPDATE: Within the first 24hrs they've put out 3 patches that make the game run much, much smoother.  I'm still getting crashes, especially when trying to accept a job, but now my stats and money save.  That's a HUGE improvement over what it was when it came out.Yeah, it sucked that it was released in this condition, but at least the developers are trying.  I recommend this, much fun!===This should have been put in EA or released later. Very, very buggy multiplayer. Random crashes related to using the ui on prisoners.You can't save your progress if you aren't host.Love escapists, but I got bored easily of the first one. Got this specifically for multiplayer and streaming. Frustrating to say the least when you put 4 hours in in 2 days and crash every 15 minutes. Losing all progress sucks too.I'll change my review once these issues are addressed, aside from random crashes, I do like it."
76561198002420452,Recommended,641990,34471313,Posted: 24 August,all,Ryan is Bunny Go Boom🤔,Coop Game is Good. Get it with friends. Have fun long time.
,Recommended,641990,34407029,Posted: 21 August,all,SparkerPlug,"My review on escapist 2: terrific the most fun I've ever had. Graphics are great, difficulty is perfect and so much more engaging than the first one. Customization is neat but not necessary. The new mechanics and timed prisons are so much fun to mess around with. Few annoying bugs but that's about it for the complaints. Final score: 10/10Edit one (old): Now that I'm editing my review there is this very annoying thing in the game. When you press tab and then the number for what item you want to equip it takes around 2 seconds before you can do stuff with it, like the shoe making job, when you equip the man made shoe you can't interact with the machine becuase its still showing the other items. Please make it where when you equip an item you can do actions right away instead of 2 seconds later.Edit two: team 17 and moldy toof have been working hard to fix bgs and I really appreciate that, and I still have a few more, but the major one is when your playing mltiplayer and you try to press a btton to open a door it takes forever to find the correct spot to open it. Also multiplayer is a blast to play with friends. I also have one last complaint on this game, the season pass, why the heck should I pay to get only 3 extra prisons. Thats a really big downer on me for this game. Also timed prisons are a lot of fun, I would like more of those, and also more than just 3 prisons added."
76561198121948335,Recommended,641990,34519631,Posted: 26 August,all,Animus Gigas,I played the original on Xbox 360 and I loved it. This game took the original and made it even better. This game still has some bugs though. 8/10
,Recommended,641990,34405195,Posted: 21 August,all,Venrox!,"Unplayable for now, the game crashes every time i try to start a new game, if the bugs got fixed i would then recommended but if the bugs didn't get fixed then ill be very disapointed ( and i will never pre order a game ever again)Edit:i fixed the crashing issue in single player so im changing the review :D i can play it in local but not in multiplayer but still! im having so much fun in single ^^ now all i need for them to fix it and im good (btw if anyone having the crashing when you pick a prison run the game as an administor and the single player will work!!)"
,Recommended,641990,34554423,Posted: 28 August,all,Buzz l'éclair,a good game. PRISON BREAK
76561198350495659,Recommended,641990,34540534,Posted: 27 August,all,Dark Lord,This game is so good like oh my god i can not live with out this game i love it.
,Recommended,641990,34541893,Posted: 27 August,all,Flower ..!..,"A lot of the bigger glitches/crashes were fixed by now. The only bugs i've seen are just animation not playing when they should be.I bought this game for the multiplayer.I'm happy with the purchase, even tho $20 for a game that doesn't have much replay value is a bit pricey considering Don't Starve Together gives you a free copy and is cheaper.I would like to see a late game map that is huge, high security, and a ton of ways to escape(as in the average ways to escape is about 4 for previous maps). I'm talking like a grand master map of over 10 ways to escape in a group. This would add more replay value."
76561198356739328,Recommended,641990,34540090,Posted: 27 August,all,(1)REX,i love this game it is fun and it will never get old
76561198340059926,Recommended,641990,34546494,Posted: 28 August,all,Hexadroidvlogs,It keeps on crashing can somebody help me fix it?
76561198063913127,Recommended,641990,34556269,Posted: 28 August,all,Neutronux,"4 player online coop only test: Lots of fun. Works very well if you play together with some friends. If you would restart a session and load a savegame it may happen that you start as another member of your party... with his job (if he got any) and another prision cell. This is just a minor issue. It's no RPG or something and you have to escape together anyway. There are bags that could be looted after reconnect, and it's easy to drop stuff... if you really, really like to do so or ...just steal it an run away. You are a criminal. What does they expect xD?"
76561198001050903,Recommended,641990,34556995,Posted: 28 August,all,\TG/ Mrcoolfish,"Ok game overall you can easily drop 15-30 hours into beating the game, but not much more than that. Could be an incredible game with endless hours of fun if they intergrated steam workshop or some way of allowing players to make prisons. After 24 hours of gameplay the campaign prisons are all far too easy to escape from I'd of really appreciated them making some of them a bit more challenging.Side note- they have escape methods that are ONLY possible in multiplayer which is pretty damn depressing when you spend time and resources getting to an objective point just to have some text above your character saying ""I can't escape like this alone!"""
,Recommended,641990,34592165,Posted: 29 August,all,Redalos,"After playing almost all the prisons, I can tell this game is just perfect if you like 2D games.Mixing the genre of prison escape and 2D is perfect!, and the 1st game was also amazing!BUY IT NOW!"
76561197969843853,Not Recommended,641990,34590933,Posted: 29 August,all,A real cup,I mean If the game did not crash so offten this game would be REALLY good but the amount it crashes a bit to much for me.
,Recommended,641990,34584225,Posted: 29 August,all,EndMyToast,This is a very good game and i would like to see ore future updates to this game which will be better then the last like more maps.
76561198286691652,Recommended,641990,34584355,Posted: 29 August,all,OakMan,"Fun game, especially when you play with completely incapable people!"
,Recommended,641990,34405989,Posted: 21 August,all,James the DemSoc,First thing I did was to see if I still got electrocuted by trying to cut an electric fence with a plastic knife.You can imagine how that turned out.
76561198098114723,Not Recommended,641990,34404571,Posted: 21 August,all,Morty C-137,SO BUGGY i wish they didnt release it people should have shut up and let them work now the games a buggy mess and crashes 24/7
76561198309875354,Recommended,641990,34463397,Posted: 24 August,all,Andrew432891,"i think this is one of the best games i've ever played, your able to not be able to kill dogs, dogs being able to kill you, be able to kill guards, be able to kill inmates, not be able to kill medics, not being able to kill maintenence staff, flooding cells, but most importantly... get beat up for trying to leave solitary"
76561198264240059,Recommended,641990,34463620,Posted: 24 August,all,Richárd99,Best Game Everrrr!!!!!!!!!!! I loved the first escapist and i love this one even more!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,641990,34438948,Posted: 23 August,all,Animoo,This game was realesed when school starded10/10 would be cursed again
,Recommended,641990,34439951,Posted: 23 August,all,[TRG] Roy,I thought the game was good when it took me a while before i finally figured out how to get out of a prison.I thought the game was great even though guards have a 6th sense of where you are till you enter a locker infront of them.I thought the game was fantastic when my friend got shot by a sniper for trying to dig a hole outside with a plastic spoon in broad daylight.
,Recommended,641990,34429245,Posted: 22 August,all,🎃HauntEDGX🎃,"Remember, It's okay to hold a Lighter around everyone.But if you miss lunch you're gonna get the♥♥♥♥♥♥beaten out of you.10/10 Would start lockdown because of spoons again."
76561198320414384,Recommended,641990,34429197,Posted: 22 August,all,AbnormalCuber,"Forget all of the bad comments, this game is amazing!!! The graphics are much better than the previous game, and it is just much more fun in my opinion, and I love all of the diffrent, cool prisons."
76561198354578908,Recommended,641990,34415123,Posted: 22 August,all,CandyGunOne,the game crashs when i press new game please help
76561198354058674,Recommended,641990,34415043,Posted: 22 August,all,ThePurplelord11,"Decent Game. Ran into a few bugs though>-I gain heat all the time for doing nothing wrong, i.e one second i'll be doing workout, then the next i'll be getting the♥♥♥♥♥♥beat out of me.-Game crashes and multiplayer and all of your stats will be gone, meaning you have to grind again.-Overall 6/10. Feels a bit rushed but the game minus these bugs is great.Once these bugs are fixed i will give a solid 10/10"
76561198381909771,Recommended,641990,34413718,Posted: 22 August,all,Shen Linghow,This game is 10 times more enjoyable than the first good job
,Not Recommended,641990,34420863,Posted: 22 August,all,izi nob,"this game is great, but it always crash"
76561198259272301,Recommended,641990,34420646,Posted: 22 August,all,Leonidas1974,"The first Escapist they made took the makers by surprose, they didnt think it would be as awesome as it was. this time they wanted it to be awesome so they worked very very hard on it and it shows. The escapist 2 is indeed awesome and playable for hours. I love many of the new features such as the new hidden desk slots, fully customizable characters, and ubove all up to 4 player multiplayer. after playing the first Escapist i was worried that the newer one wouldnt live up to my hype i had for it but it it not only lived up to it it over exceeded my expectations. With so many new features and mechanics you can escape in ALOT of ways you wanna tunnle, then tunnle you want to go through the walls,go through the walls you want to just make a run for it, well buddy you can do it, youi probaly wont make it but hay thats the fun of the game isnt it, prepare and fail  then try again.The escapist 2 just as the last one is great, a good price, good gameplay and worth buying. 10/10"
76561198408936961,Recommended,641990,34420727,Posted: 22 August,all,jj_renn7,"This is a great game, and I have no issues with it, but I was just wondering if there was a way to change how to control the menu instead of using the arrow  keys, as it is a lot more difficult than using the menus with a mouse. As in being able to select something with my mouse instead of having to use my arrow keys to get to the option or item I want. Somebody help me here? Thanks."
13460803805680403,Recommended,641990,34419681,Posted: 22 August,all,Stelum1000,"It's been a couple of years, and some time waiting after pre-ordering, but it's finally here:Team 17's sequel to their popular game The Escapists. This new title of theirs is nothing short of an upgrade to the original game. So here's my review for it.Overall Score - 8.5/10It's safe to say that this game is very good when it comes to gameplay. Some people may find it difficult to get used to the new controls if they're coming straight from the original game, as it's been changed. But thats a small, and insignificant issue. The graphics have been greatly upgraded from the original, making the original (graphically speaking) look like a tech demo or a prototype of this game. Overall it feels like the original game was the buildup to what this game would become.It shows in the features, as well. In the original you had 5 or 6 prisons (more were added after through DLC, which this game will most likely do as well.) Pretty linear gameplay (you had only one set way of leaving the prison, which was leaving the perimiter of the map.) As well as no multiplayer. I'm not throwing shade on the game at all, as it was a very well crafted and enjoyable game.However compared to the sequel (Which is a mere 4.99 EUR more), it falls a bit short, as the sequel contains 10 prisons, three of which have a completely different type of gameplay called transport, where you have a set time limit and have to find a way to escape. If you ordered you got a bonus DLC prison. You can escape the prisons in multiple ways adding replay value, and multiplayer.The multiplayer was probably the main reason everybody who played the original game bought the second, however right now it is slightly disappointing. It's full of bugs, some slightly annoying others slightly game breaking. Some old game mechanics from the original have been replaced or modified. This is mostly good, apart from when using a poster to cover up a hole in the wall destroys the poster. But that is neither here nor there.I quite like the second one, it's a pretty major upgrade and is deserving to be on the steam store, and I recommend it to anyone wanting to buy it. If however you're still not convinced by this review, as of 22/08/2017 (the day I'm writing this on as well as the day of release in EU), perhaps you should wait a while longer while the bugs are sorted out and DLC is added."
76561198313189155,Recommended,641990,34420484,Posted: 22 August,all,iSpriteWafflez,Is A Very Gud Game 10/10 IGN
76561198349279925,Recommended,641990,34420398,Posted: 22 August,all,SirCaptain,The Escapist is very fun when I started playing this but my controls are broken and instead of using the mouse I have to use the arrow keys. My friends game can't even load a prison. Overall this game is amazing but just please fix these bugs.
,Not Recommended,641990,34419472,Posted: 22 August,all,Kookatti,residentsleeper
76561198278973497,Recommended,641990,34419760,Posted: 22 August,all,BOOL'N,Finna be a BREEZE
76561198115349653,Recommended,641990,34419743,Posted: 22 August,all,joseph0987,pretty good
,Recommended,641990,34423457,Posted: 22 August,all,SolarBunny5,"If I could choose a 0-10 rating for this instead of thumbs up or down, I'd give it a 7.5. GAmeplay is a bit weird, but I got used to it. Multiplayer worked just fine, and everything runs smoothly. A bit buggy, however, but launch day bugs happen. If you wanna dive right in, go ahead. However, if you are wary of bugs, I advise you to wait a few weeks. Overall though, the game is pretty amazing. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,641990,34423506,Posted: 22 August,all,Pupper,"This game changed my life forever. Before I had this game, I suffered from a severe case of depression. Ever since I got this game, my depression took a turn for the better. My symptoms were fading I knew I could finally live a normal life. Thank you for improving my life forever.Jk but seriously its a good game"
,Not Recommended,641990,34423514,Posted: 22 August,all,Bamberooni,"It's pretty fun, but until they fix the sync issues in multiplayer, I can't recommend it."
76561198026063338,Not Recommended,641990,34423518,Posted: 22 August,all,Edd,"The game is all there, in it's improved glory compared to the first game - but it is buggy as all ♥♥♥♥ing hell, which makes it unplayable. Here's a list of few bugs and other issues the game is facing right now:- Items randomly changing in your inventory, because too many items are on the ground (allegedly)- Various graphic and audio related bugs (e.g. Sniper reticule freezes on another player w/ sniper shots going off constantly)- Getting stuck at in-game menus, forcing you to restart the game- Your stat levels being reset after you crash- Massive desync in multiplayer- Game crashes frequently- Steam Overlay does not workI wouldn't buy the game until they bring out bug fixes. Once it's all patched up it's worth the whole 20EUR/USD or 15 GBP that it costs, dependant on where you're from."
76561198280194605,Recommended,641990,34423732,Posted: 22 August,all,thom.bas,It's a very fun game!1. cool gameplay2. Good working multiplayer mode.3. Amazing soundtrack!One dissapointing thing is the limited maps. But there will probably be more in the future.
,Recommended,641990,34409326,Posted: 21 August,all,Cuppa,"Multiplayer is great, The Escapists has only gotten better with this sequel. The only problem that I had while playing this is my mouse. It would stop working every 45 mins or so for a while and then inexplicably start working again. Alt-Tabbed out and my mouse worked outside the game. Oh yeah, and the item bugs. While completing jobs, I would have the item I was using (in this case a paint brush) be randomly converted into a pile of mail, causing me to fail my job quota for the day. Besides that, no real issues. I never encountered any of the crashes that the other players have, but my friend had one massive freeze that caused him to have to relaunch the game. As we weren't every far into the session, the resetting stats mess in multiplayer did not affect them."
,Recommended,641990,34407682,Posted: 21 August,all,Mr. Mint,"Only played it for a few hours, and I can already faithfully that I love it. It's a big step up from the first game that was already pheonominal."
,Recommended,641990,34406797,Posted: 21 August,all,ItsSammyP,"Absoloutely Amazing!Being a proud owner of the original i can safely say that this is a great game, i have yet to play much but i love it so far!!!!"
,Recommended,641990,34407093,Posted: 21 August,all,VirtualSpark,HUGE improvement from the previous installment.
,Recommended,641990,34407255,Posted: 21 August,all,OUTLAST MA NIBBAS,"Good game, definitly buy if you are looking for the most intense prisonbreak experience. PvP is kinda boring though. And they decided to add a season pass right after the release. I'm baffled. Still pretty fun game definitly buy the glorious regime dlc. Not sure about the season pass. 7/10. Would've been a 9/10 without the season pass."
76561198358576062,Recommended,641990,34407384,Posted: 21 August,all,Dyingdarkness31,Ok it seems there is a glich randomly it wont let me attack and in order for me to fix it i need to press ESC twice it gets kinda annoying if its suppost to be part of the game well i didnt know other wise AWSOME
76561198152142612,Recommended,641990,34407361,Posted: 21 August,all,MetroHawk,Amazing game and I would recommend a buy. It's worth what I paid already. There are some small minor bugs. But once you get past that it's fun. If people really try with the new controls it's easy to learn in about half an hour. All in all great game would recommend. 9.5/10
76561198091365511,Recommended,641990,34409182,Posted: 21 August,all,Franciz,"I escaped, 10/10"
76561198135527537,Recommended,641990,34411488,Posted: 22 August,all,superawesomekk,"A major improvement on the first game , and although it has a few minor bugs, these should be expected from a game on its first day if release, however these bugs normally dont ruin the game experience and usually just end up as minor annoyances and should be patched fairly soon by mouldy toof.The artstyle is perfect, the gameplay is so much fun and better than the first game, combat is much more balanced and enjoyable, and the creativity in the official prisions makes nearly each one a whole new experience like its multiple games in one.My only complaint of this game is that once you disconnect from multiplayer everything you worked for is gone, and should be saved if the player reconnects.Other than all its early stage issues i would really recommend this to anyone."
76561198215204553,Recommended,641990,34405479,Posted: 21 August,all,Dark Diamonds,"There is one problem, but this game is great!!! For some reason I cannot figure out how to do split screen multiplayer on my PC. Please help!!!"
76561198136683797,Recommended,641990,34405093,Posted: 21 August,all,CorbsCorez,YESSS ESCAPISTS
,Recommended,641990,34405516,Posted: 21 August,all,vnagfigheter,this is the best game countie
,Recommended,641990,34406271,Posted: 21 August,all,your dad was never in the ira,My game of the year.
,Recommended,641990,34406304,Posted: 21 August,all,♚| xSISAL I♚,Good
76561198124115803,Recommended,641990,34405679,Posted: 21 August,all,_PINELANDS_ツ,First game let you escape from prisons. This one let's you escape on helicopters10/19
,Recommended,641990,34406074,Posted: 21 August,all,aebiis,Really Fun Game And a huge step up from the first game! It has lots of content and even multiplayer so it is definetly worth 20$...
76561198262562501,Recommended,641990,34405760,Posted: 21 August,all,XGamingY,"Its great, huge improvement from the first game. But it does have flaws, first of all there is a few bugs and some controls are kinda clunky and are hard to get used to, otherwise its a great game with a ton of prisons to escape from. I see myself putting over a hundred hours into this game in the next few weeks."
76561198136920509,Recommended,641990,34405962,Posted: 21 August,all,TIEpilot25,"Very nice upgrade from the previous title, but I seen to have found a wierd bug in the ""Glorious regime prision""; when switching from 'local' to 'private', the game begins to stutter and freeze. I had no issue with the tutorial prision or 2.0, any input would be apreciated!"
76561198375088030,Recommended,641990,34411426,Posted: 22 August,all,razorblazor500lol,I waited so long for this game and even pre ordered it. i was so desperate to get this game and when i started playing i couldn't get the controls right. it annoys me so much that click is attack and e is interact. whenever i want to buy or do quests i end up hitting them making it impossible to play properly. other than that i quite enjoy the game and hope it improves in the future.
,Recommended,641990,34411148,Posted: 22 August,all,Mr.Guru,ok so i was sent to prison... several prisons... almost everyhting unlocked.... 10 hours... holy. ♥♥♥♥ing.♥♥♥♥♥♥great game love it i cant wait to see updates to the gamebit of a big bug tho- mouse randomly deactivets during game play a quick fix is to go to the menu click your character and exit menu after doing so it will work8/10 gam would buy 4 copies again
76561198007120925,Recommended,641990,34411149,Posted: 22 August,all,Dinoabunai,Great sequel! Gameplay and graphics are really improved since first part.Play with your friends in multiplayer!
,Recommended,641990,34487688,Posted: 25 August,all,Thomanski,Pros:Multiple escape possibilities instead of running out of the mapTransport prisons; escape within a certain amount of time through multiple waysMultiplayerDifferent themed mapsBetter graphics than the first gameMore challenging than the first gameWorth the $20 for the content you getLots of general improvements than the first gameHours of gameplayBugs get fixed very fast (stats saving was broken in multiplayer; got fixed in the first 24 hours the game was released)Cons:Strange controls to get used toMedics are too fast; you barely can't loot anyone when they are downGuards can see you doing illegal stuff from far awaySome random bugs here and there (mostly in multiplayer)8.5/10 - Recommended to anyone that likes strategy/prison games
,Recommended,641990,34426659,Posted: 22 August,all,mrqwerty52,good
,Recommended,641990,34486964,Posted: 25 August,all,CrackAddict,good game 1 or 2 bugs where the guard would stay in my room all day and i would get randomly beaten otherwise fun
76561198127257651,Recommended,641990,34498327,Posted: 26 August,all,THE HIDDEN MINESHAFT,I really enjoy this game gameplay graphics everything but my data got courpt some how and I kinda need help with that other than that THIS GAME IS GREAT!!!
76561198057438152,Recommended,641990,34476059,Posted: 25 August,all,Hexxer,"Played for 7+ hours straight, didnt found any bug, and its awesomebeautiful graphcis and mechanics"
,Recommended,641990,34446189,Posted: 23 August,all,capsure,Seems like it should still be in an eraly access state many bugs and things not working correctly like the multiplayer game search is way messed up.  Its good and I know it will be good when its complete but its not complete feel douped into buying it because it wasn't labled early access when it clearly is not complete.**Edit 1**They have released 3 updates in as many days now that seem to have fixed most of the issues. Still some features still lack for it to be considered a full game...  I have however switched my review to recommend as it has provided me with good entertainment with some challenge.
,Recommended,641990,34431816,Posted: 23 August,all,Leppystyle,"Hell yea I had a negative review before because the game had way to many bugs, but now the game is getting some high quality updates. The game still has some ♥♥♥♥ed up things (like players losing all progress upon DC'ing in a multiplayer game but I hope♥♥♥♥♥♥like that get's fixedIn closing get it if you like the first game, if you have some money stiing about you might aswell give it a tryNumber/10"
,Recommended,641990,34491355,Posted: 25 August,all,Toes,This game is really fun especially with friends. It lives up to the first game but just improves on everything likeMore PrisonsMore Ways to escapeTransport PrisonsMore ItemsCustomizable CharactersMULTIPLAYERThe game was extrmely buggy at launch but what sets apart a trash game from a buggy game is that bugs can be fixed and patchedSo if your salty about all the bugs and want to leave a negative review give it a week ot 2 and most of the issues will be gone
,Recommended,641990,34496725,Posted: 25 August,all,SpiderWhiskersFastFood,"I love it, its great. the one thing I dislike though is that you dont have an option to disable the censoreing on swear words. I get it, family friendly but atleast give us an option!"
,Recommended,641990,34496440,Posted: 25 August,all,DrOreo002,"This is the best game ever xD, its so fun and you'll not get bored if you completed the games, because there's still many things to do"
76561198299918476,Recommended,641990,34504174,Posted: 26 August,all,NukeMan,Its a way better version then the regular escapiests there is some bugs but not much i will reconmend this game
,Recommended,641990,34504389,Posted: 26 August,all,XenoCatalyst,"If you are a fan of the original Escapists, you will be able to enjoy the new additions in the sequel. However, if you never managed to get into the original game, it will be hard to find any redeeming qualities in the sequel as well. Not to mention the difficulty curve is rather steep so the game is not really an easy experience for a newcomer. The addition of multiplayer elevates the overall experience somewhat, but the real fun of The Escapists still lies in planning and successfully executing a prison escape."
,Recommended,641990,34506841,Posted: 26 August,all,FuriousBlaze3000,This game is fun! I recommend people to play this sequel to Escapists!!!
,Recommended,641990,34418679,Posted: 22 August,all,thisisnotahorcrux,"I bought this version specifically for multiplayer.  Log back in to find that the other players stats have been completely reset but mine aren't?  After reading other reviews, this is apparently a ""feature""??  Because of this, I cannot recommend this game until this is fixed/changed.Edited:  Within 48 hours of release they issued an update which fixed most of the major issues.  I am impressed with their response time."
,Recommended,641990,34450947,Posted: 23 August,all,Kodak White™,Seems rushed. Is good and people have been facing bugs but I have seen none so far. Multiplayer isn't the best but singleplayer is good. Not as good as the first Escapists.The good:SingleplayerHumourCharacter creatorMinimapClassic Prisons (Not the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥transport ones)The bad:Transport PrisonsBugs (I haven't experienced alot since I mostly play singleplayer and thats mostly bug free but I had some in multiplayerNo mouse controls (Why man? :()PostersOverall: Singleplayer is ight but multiplayer aint ight
,Recommended,641990,34444134,Posted: 23 August,all,llVllercury,"In all honesty I love the game, but the multiplayer was a huge selling point for the game, but for a player to lose all stat progress just for disconnecting? That's just ridiculous. Once the bugs have been ironed out and they really look at multiplayer and how it should run I could recommend the game, but not in the current state.Edit: Changing my recommendation because the devs did fix the stats issue in multiplayer. If relations between the devs and the player base stay this good then this game can only get better."
76561198278217458,Recommended,641990,34453084,Posted: 23 August,all,Cool B 300,"Overall the game is f####ng great, but the game has a $##t ton of issues and I only hope that Team 17 is going to fix it or I spent 3 hours playing this game for nothing"
,Recommended,641990,34521121,Posted: 26 August,all,TimelessTinkerer,"Came into this game thinking ""Same Game, New Graphics and Combat,"" but was wrong. This month seems to drop quite a few good games, with a sequel to a game that bored me, that changed it so much, and a resurgence of a dying video game icon."
76561198339336157,Recommended,641990,34516168,Posted: 26 August,all,mustachebobby,"This game is great, but there is HUGE reoccuring problem. The game keeps on crashing at random. This happens everyday, and every other time in get on the game. I dont know if its my computer, or the game. But whatever it is, please try to fix it. Other than that, its a fun game."
76561198248305802,Recommended,641990,34515801,Posted: 26 August,all,MEGUSTAchu,Wowee
76561198156546588,Recommended,641990,34515876,Posted: 26 August,all,MAVERICK,"A must buy , such a simple yet amazing game even at this early stage multiplayer is still great i would definetly recommend that you buy this game as it is just the best."
,Recommended,641990,34543808,Posted: 27 August,all,RPGdylan,good game but the fighting is so glitchy
76561198275825710,Recommended,641990,34542213,Posted: 27 August,all,flashmikou007 (french monster),OMG SO GOOD AND IT'S BETTER WITH FRIENDS !!!
76561198363323653,Recommended,641990,34542222,Posted: 27 August,all,goldenrocket03,"I liked the escapsists better, mostly because of the controls. if this had the controls of the origional, or at least an option to change it, i think that it would be a much better change. especially since all you guys really have to do is make a few more animations and copy the code to this game. i like the customizability with the characters too."
76561198187416569,Recommended,641990,34543405,Posted: 27 August,all,ThePunisher777,The game is a big upgrade from the previous one but pretty buggy so far on mostly multiplayer but also on single player. Had it crash a few times but helped a lot when i lowered the shadow quality. Multiple times when i was playing multiplayer i would have a gamebreaking bug that my desk would be missing and whats worse i think is the bug in singleplayer that makes it to where once you put up a poster to hide a hole in a wall you cant take it back down making it to where i couldn't escpe once i had my plan together. Really hope they patch these bugs. Really think this game has potential. Plus one more thing is i was wondering what happened to the map editor that was available in the first one. Really hope they bring that back or else the game is gonna lose a lot of play time that the whole community likes.
,Recommended,641990,34542250,Posted: 27 August,all,Aral,The game looks simple at the beginning but is actually well sophisticated
76561198227901404,Recommended,641990,34487555,Posted: 25 August,all,5GamAzing,"I got the escapists over a year ago and have not played it constantly, but enjoyed it when i did.  When this came out, I was ecxcited, and I still am.  I haven't played this much, but multiplayer works well and the new prisons are fun.  There are still some bugs, such as glitchy tutorials and such, but it works pretty well and is fun for the most part.  The only major problem I have with the game is that it did not save my game on Center Perks 2.0 that I was playing online"
76561198392542443,Recommended,641990,34542859,Posted: 27 August,all,SmashingPRO999,its a great game you should buy it 10/10
76561198069786554,Recommended,641990,34542450,Posted: 27 August,all,BLOODxcrazer,Only decided to plan an escape on the 6th day of prison to be fully immersed in the role of a prisoner.
,Recommended,641990,34542457,Posted: 27 August,all,betaklerik,"Awesome sequel to the original, and there's multiplayer!"
,Recommended,641990,34423519,Posted: 22 August,all,Shaflin,After updates Coop is playable althrought there are few bugs (non gamebreaking) remaining. Hopefully they will be solved soon.
76561198071386722,Recommended,641990,34475399,Posted: 25 August,all,the cake is a spy,i give the cake to snoot no escape
,Recommended,641990,34589686,Posted: 29 August,all,/\Techkill/\Deadkill/\,It's really good but the multiplayer is kind of broken but if it's still playable then I play it
,Recommended,641990,34405871,Posted: 21 August,all,Disawowed,"Changed the review because I didn't know about some of the bugs and difficulties while attempting to escape. For example, the rate at which certain items spawn is ridiculous, leading to endless wait times while trying to find that one item. Second of all, losing all of your stats when the game crashes is just plain stupid, and the developers need to fix that as well. In this stage, I wouldn't recommend the game, but give it a few weeks and the fixes should come.EDIT: As of August 30, a lot of the bugs have been ironed out, making the game much more playable. So all of the above is almost void."
76561198161128647,Recommended,641990,34437148,Posted: 23 August,all,Herobrine37274,"The Escapists 2 is a really great game and it's a perfect game to start off your steam library if you just joined steam, but you should still play the first one to get a grip with what it's about. The prisons are complex and you have many escape routes even on the ones that come later so it's not like H.M.P Irongate in last game, the vs mode is really good as well i may have had 2 connecting errors but i'm more of a solo player. The transport prisons are really fun and there are 4 escape routes instead of 3 like the regular prisons. Great Game couple of bugs that aren't gamebreaking most of the time but who cares. Great way to start a steam library but play the first one to get a grip and get used to how it works."
,Recommended,641990,34418828,Posted: 22 August,all,Bear,Awesome!
,Recommended,641990,34422849,Posted: 22 August,all,Георгий #\//\/,"Fun to play , I was waiting for this game for months and now we play it together with my friend , 4.2 hours and Im having a great time with versus mode , 9/10 gotta admit its fun if you liked 1st game"
,Recommended,641990,34421434,Posted: 22 August,all,Lextredis,"Setting aside a few bugs that I've honestly rarely encountered the game is really good,It's an improvement over the sequel in pretty much every single way, I'd definitely reccomend it especially if you were a fan of the first game"
76561198237982638,Recommended,641990,34421478,Posted: 22 August,all,KoperopYT,Awesome game to play escpecially with friends!Great improvment from the previous escapists in my opinion.
,Recommended,641990,34421618,Posted: 22 August,all,Tactical Tom,the best game ever
76561198124178604,Not Recommended,641990,34426227,Posted: 22 August,all,waar is de magnetron,I was so super hyped about this game but it let me down.Multiplayer keeps crashing and sometimes not even loading at all.Now all I do is cry in the shower.
76561198074626791,Recommended,641990,34451523,Posted: 23 August,all,Vulcan Raven,"Fun game, i didint find any bugs yet"
,Recommended,641990,34462672,Posted: 24 August,all,Viceroy,Nice game for splitscreen and a bro or two.
,Recommended,641990,34463002,Posted: 24 August,all,p2,good game
,Recommended,641990,34415954,Posted: 22 August,all,svennieke,"Singleplayer is fun to play, only downside is that you can't recruit other prisoners as you could in the first one.there are a lot of clever and special escape routes and a handfull of prisons where you need to be sneaky wich i realy love.Now the Multiplayer:multiplayer seems to be fixed less to none desync issues, items stay what they are, none of the players loose their stats when the game crashes or if they need to disconect for some reason.in General the game is good and i would recommend it now.a few things i would wish to see is a prison editor so that you can make your own prisons.that prisoners can start a riot.that you could take over a prison like you could in the first game (if this is possible please tell me)recruiting prisoners (in the singleplayer)and that there where more options to damage the prisons.Also being able to damage other npc's other than inmates and gueards would be nice to"
,Recommended,641990,34409412,Posted: 21 August,all,Blue,"The game is actually quite entertaining, any issues i had with the game were fixed and resolved and the developers were friendly and helful."
,Recommended,641990,34436096,Posted: 23 August,all,Timberfox,"Good laughs in multiplayer, but it is really frustratingly buggy. They patched several problems very quickly, so the outlook is good.  The season pass DLC, combined with day 1 DLC that isnt included in the season pass is pretty lame.  Overall, id recomend it, mainly when considering the price point."
76561198039982627,Recommended,641990,34451309,Posted: 23 August,all,Wickedshnell,Great game for me and my 9 year old son to play. Sure it's buggy but I'm sure they will fix the issues.
76561198032613515,Recommended,641990,34450730,Posted: 23 August,all,Misaka10098,Fun to play with friends
76561198141455024,Recommended,641990,34450497,Posted: 23 August,all,Kwebblekop,This game is fun especially coop. Its buggy but nothing that ruins the gameplay.
,Recommended,641990,34406380,Posted: 21 August,all,CBNCG,So amazing 10/10 would reomend
,Recommended,641990,34451535,Posted: 23 August,all,Xx_minecraftmaster39_xX,"Lovely game, played it for a da so far and it has already been 2 days since it has been released, so fun."
,Recommended,641990,34487524,Posted: 25 August,all,Fzone000,Ah yes. Talcum powder hunter simulator. 5 days and no powder. I NEED IT.Best hours of my life while fighting off cops and gaining stars because I'm too busy  with being carried by the medic to attend lunch. Lockdowns are a tridaily occurance in some prisons. Either way it's still fun a hell. It needs to be patched though. You should not gain stars for being KO'd and being carried into the medic room. It's honestly incredible how fast stars build up once beatings become a regular occurance.
76561198344825825,Recommended,641990,34487103,Posted: 25 August,all,ray.chapanon,It's Fun but at first you have to take time
,Recommended,641990,34490988,Posted: 25 August,all,HﾑppㄚCh乇wら™,"Best game 2017!If you enjoyed the first game, it only gets better!Easily worth the 20  :)"
,Recommended,641990,34491310,Posted: 25 August,all,High,This game is just amazing. I played the first one and I'm really happy with the sequel. The mutliplayer aspect brings so much more to this game and I recommend it.
,Recommended,641990,34432412,Posted: 23 August,all,nikey,"I was playing with friends, we were at the Roll Call, before the Roll Call ends i was watching my missions, suddenly i got 100 heat and all the cops were coming to beat my♥♥♥♥♥ why? And why sometimes there is a glitch when i can't punch and i have to press escape and because of that i lost a mission, can you fix those Glitches/Bugs."
,Recommended,641990,34432986,Posted: 23 August,all,HungryCrayon10,"This game, is great...but it has a lot of flaws.For example, the bugs and crashes are ridiculous, I have had several times where I've accepted a quest, or viewed an NPC'S profile, and the game has crashed. There have been several times were it has glitched, and I can't defend myself from the swarm of 4 guards who are chasing me, because I can't hit or block.Sometimes the escapes are ridiculous, for example, on the Cougar Creek Railroad, I spent who knows how long making my way up to the top of the train, taking out guards when neccesary, only to find I needed another player to stop the train. This limits you to one escape route on the railroad.In short, this game is fun to play, but as of now it's a buggy mess. I would recommend you get it, but not until most bugs are fixed."
76561198043141723,Recommended,641990,34440272,Posted: 23 August,all,ezzmann,"I have escaped the two first prisons and like the first came it feels so awarding, but the problem is i realize quite a bit of bugs every now and then but it doesnt break my game. The graphics are way better than the first, theres a ton of new ideas that were fleshed out to be great. I played the first escapist for around 120 hours and already enjoy this game a little bit more mainly because the new ideas they added. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoyed the first game."
,Recommended,641990,34629595,Posted: 31 August,all,raroofy,Great game! I love beating guards and inmates
76561198002911983,Not Recommended,641990,34629179,Posted: 31 August,all,wolfknight904,"I love the game and it pains me that steam doesn't have a so so check box. Do to some of the bugs being a bit game breaking I can't give this game a good review. That does not mean I am giving a bad review, just a need more bug testing and it will be great.Pros:Fun.cool levels.Gameplay is so so.Cons:Bugs.Low spawn rates.Not really a con but I would love to see a way to distract the dogs."
76561198411187645,Recommended,641990,34644471,Posted: 31 August,all,BlindShot,"i like this game a lot but it mostly crashes, if the developers are reading this, here is the crash folder ""2017-08-31_15750"" next to game executable, please fix this, i really want to play this game again, please!!"
,Recommended,641990,34645372,Posted: 31 August,all,HeroBrian6214,"The escapists 2 is a very fun game, with several prisons to escape, multiplayer, and versus! I highly recommend this game to anyone who reads this! Also check out the original escapists, which is also a very great game."
,Recommended,641990,34643147,Posted: 31 August,all,TacticalCheeze,Great game.
,Recommended,641990,34519143,Posted: 26 August,all,Techerock,"This game has some amazing gameplay, visuals, sound & music. This gameplay concists of multiple exits complex risk/reward decisions & overall deep gameplay.Visually speaking the game has everything you would want out of an espape game with damage to walls to great shadowing the blur effect is great for making heights look great & the lighting when the game goes into LOCKDOWN is great as well.Sound wise it is pretty standard sounds, but it gets it's point across.Music is amazing in this game you start with the fact that the basic music hasn't really changed a whole lot from the orginal, but the gameplay changes the music as you get more & more in trouble with the securty in the game becoming music more grim.Now that a few the crashes seem to be resolved with the patch 1.0.4 I can somewhat recommend this game because they seem to have fixed some of their crashing issues although there are a few small bugs left in the game to be fixed. I hope they are able to fix these ASAP.Gameplay: 94/100Visuals: 89/100Sound&Music: Sound 76/100 Music 99/100 -5 due to no soundtrack included.Also just thought of it late. I wish they would have given light to the idea of releasing a soundtrack DLC with the game or making it an addon later. which BTW also ticks down the review's orginal score of music by 5 points because can't listen outta game."
76561198110301528,Recommended,641990,34648109,Posted: 31 August,all,VaporizingSquid,reeeeeeeee
76561198306222198,Recommended,641990,34649297,Posted: 31 August,all,spookanitic,"""This was a very Astonishing game they've changed the graphics very much from the first Escapist game and made attacking much easier if i were to say one thing you should all buy this game."""
76561198188323397,Recommended,641990,34758696,Posted: 5 September,all,Mr.Little,Adrenalin PumpingGame. Cool game Mechanics And Alot Of Fun Especially In Multi-Player! Recommend The Game. (1 Problem Is Crashes Sometimes but the game now has autosave and it's fine :D)
76561198057623472,Recommended,641990,34422963,Posted: 22 August,all,Rick Sanchez,"Takes the first game's formula and improves upon it with multiplayer!Edit: They fixed my complaint in a patch already, game is great."
76561198144390268,Recommended,641990,34760545,Posted: 5 September,all,Colten_as,"This game is really good, however its crashes alot for me. Granted i have Laptop, but when i first played it, it ran smoothly. Now its just a 30 min game until it crashes. If you have a low power to Med Power laptop then expect some overheating issuses and crashes"
76561198330824881,Recommended,641990,34414366,Posted: 22 August,all,DisThingSux,"5 updates since launch squashing almost ALL bugs and the season pass is very cheap,an amazing upgrade and worth every penny my only complaint is that the transport prisons are easy and quick but amazing game and would take ages to get all the keys 9/10"
,Recommended,641990,34540866,Posted: 27 August,all,Papa Dan,"The story of Juan.Juan was a quiet man. He kept to himself. Reading books after breakfast, lunch and supper. Until he hit 70 intelligence. He dug a whole in his cell while his cellmate was sleeping and hid the hole with his dresser. Then came the day Juan had enough. It was night. He had enough with this jail. He crawled down the hole and dug up from the ground, dusting of the dirt from his guard outfit, he ran to the fence, and started digging again. He was so close, a few more digs, he was shaking, thinking of what he could have back at home, see his kids, his dog. But no. The alarm went off. Dogs and guards came runing outside. Dogs dragged him out of the hole. He was back in prison.Juan was put back in his cell. Breakfast came, he grabbed spoons from the cafeteria and started digging again."
,Recommended,641990,34687133,Posted: 2 September,all,nature n'stuff,"This game is really a step up from the first one! I honestly don't know why everyone says it crashes.. I've never crashed even on update 1.And the multiplayer.. in the old update me and my friend experienced the many glitches, but none anymore.I agree, they should've waited till it was actually done before releasing it but I'd say they're doing a good job of fixing it."
,Recommended,641990,34715453,Posted: 3 September,all,InadeFour,"I do Recommend this game! ☺This game is about you try to escape the prison, the simple context.But the way you try to escape is up to you because there are many unique escapes to choose on.You can even modify your own Prisoner with many of the Hairstyles, Beards, etc. they are and if you play the game very often you can end up unlocking more things for your Prisoner!The Multiplayer Mode is very fun to play and there are exclusive escapes that are only for Multiplayer.Also by the looks of things they might add even more prisons from the many we have now.They have also fixed many Glitches which means the developers are very active.And keep in mind that I have never played The Escapist 1, I didn't even like it. But The Escapist 2 is a great step."
,Recommended,641990,34415689,Posted: 22 August,all,jerryzhu2004,"I was very hyped for this game, and it is really good and challenging. However, I do have to give it a negative review. There are many bugs in multiplayer that are quite disruptive to gameplay. Also I am quite disappointed that for the hefty price tag, there is still more DLC. I may change this review if the game updates. So don't buy this game. Wait until it is more optimized and less buggy.Edit: Game has received 5+ updates and is much more stable and playable. Recommended!"
,Recommended,641990,34682025,Posted: 2 September,all,Chedmurderface,官方Beta版本可以解决部分用户的Oops崩溃
,Recommended,641990,34714506,Posted: 3 September,all,FBI AMERICA,"This is great game. Much better than the first one. Better graphics, cleaner animations, more customization options, more prisons, TONS more game mechanics. If there was only one thing I could complain about, it would be the censorship. If you're trying to say a word like ""crap"" it will censor that. I understand censorship, but this censorship in the game takes it to the extreme. Even the word ""poop"" is censored. And so is ""darn"" and the word ""damn"" appears in the game from time to time. Otherwise it's a great game. I would recommend it.NOTE: at the time I'm writing this, the game does crash a lot. Mostly on multiplayer, but if you're having trouble with that, just restart your computer and the issue will be fixed for a while. Hope this helps!"
76561197972770214,Not Recommended,641990,34720221,Posted: 3 September,all,tekram,Multiplayer just crashes all the time.  Please fix.
,Recommended,641990,34756019,Posted: 5 September,all,ThePigKing,Really fun game. Multiplayer is sort of laggy and buggy but not too bad. Co-op is awesome can bea little laggy.I love the prisons and the ways to escape.The transport prisons are awesome :DI hope they add a 'Make your own prison' feature soon :D
76561198273556110,Recommended,641990,34764429,Posted: 5 September,all,AgoustBolchz,"Excellent game, but with flaws: the game gets stuck almost always when I'm giving more than one gift to another prisoner or guard and, worst, when I restart the game, because of the bug or because I closed it to continue later, the popularity amongst them isn't saved."
76561198298595468,Recommended,641990,34424636,Posted: 22 August,all,Hourless,"Updating review I previously didn't recommend but the devs have been updating this game quite often and have fixed a few bugs and glitches that have been hurting the game.Pro's:-Controller Support-MP you no longer lose your progress in someone else's game-MP is so much fun with friends or even randoms-The regular updates have improved the game significantly-I heard there will possibly be custom prisons being made if that's the case hell yeah-The crafting table does looks intimidating at first but has a large range of different tools that you can use to plot your escape-Training is fairly simple-Cutscenes are cool-YouTubers names show up less nowCon's:-Day 1 DLC, never been a fan of those-Limited ways of escaping, hurts replayability. Also some of them are triggered by scripted events.-Still a few exploits in the game that need to be address e.g Get someone to lose there job you just talk to them and keep there profile open so they won't move. In rattlesnake springs you can just pick up the boxes and move them and loot them so you don't get caught by cameras.Keep the updates up devs!"
,Recommended,641990,34646033,Posted: 31 August,all,dab,"This game is really fun! I got the old game a while ago, and I was wishing that it had multiplayer. Well, here you go. Gameplay has been improved, and really the only problem are bugs. My game crashes a bunch of times in multiplayer (can't tell if this is a problem with my computer, though. I have some pretty good specs, but it doesn't happen to my friends so idk). Highly recommended to play with friends. Planning out how to escape with each other is an awesome feeling. Overall probably an 8/10."
,Recommended,641990,34654348,Posted: 1 September,all,Sp0nska,It's like The Escapists 1 but better in every single way. And it has multiplayer (that works most of the time)! So what more could you want? :D
76561198208247315,Recommended,641990,34675865,Posted: 1 September,all,Emmett7eagles,my mans made me upvote this
,Recommended,641990,34676192,Posted: 1 September,all,Takoh-GB4Brosi-,Very fun game and awesome multiplayer!
,Recommended,641990,34671766,Posted: 1 September,all,pixels/that/breathe,"Wait to buy? A bit buggy at the moment. But the game is just as promising as the original.So, buy it now to fund the developers and enjoy a buggy creation right now.Or wait to buy some refined gold later!"
76561198202979460,Recommended,641990,34671726,Posted: 1 September,all,cjb0109,When ever i try to load the game up it just says running then it goes to scyncing and then it does nothing
76561198010089456,Recommended,641990,34661287,Posted: 1 September,all,Gadmarden,"Good game . i found almost no glitches except when i couldnt complete some favors, i think it is good."
,Not Recommended,641990,34587855,Posted: 29 August,all,SilentSputnik,"It's the morning and all you need is a goddamn lighter to escape. You check every desk. You check all the shops. You knock out every inmate. You can't find the goddamn lighter. You have to wait until tomorrow for the next chance. Fun? No. May I humbly suggest that the shops carry every twice as many items to limit this problem?I also think that durability on keycards and keys is totally unnecessary and annoying. The fun part of the game is not searching for items endlessly. It's planning and executing escapes. Remove durability on keys, vents, and fake walls. The game would be way more fun.Otherwise, great game.Edit: OH MY GOD IT'S BEEN FIVE DAYS AND I'VE YET TO FIND A DOWEL O___OIt's been HOURS! This game is trash until items are fixed, sorry!Game also crashes when tabbing out or opening steam overlay.Fix these problems for a thumbs up."
,Recommended,641990,34720935,Posted: 3 September,all,Jew BBQ1942,"Can't comment on multiplayer since I only play single player. But this game is amazingly fun, a big improvement over the first, and I have not encountered a single glitch. If you are familiar with the franchise then this is an obvious buy."
76561198155799717,Recommended,641990,34738641,Posted: 4 September,all,expertJosh,"Pros:-Multiplayer which alows up to 4 players.-Lots of replayability with the many prisons with multiple escapes each.-A easy to understand crafting system.-2 differant ""gamemodes"", With a timed escort gamemode, along with the classic mode.-Many items.-A Skillfull combat system.Cons:-Can be grindy at certain points in the game.Neutral:-The game is far easier with friends, which could make it difficult playing alone.-Is a paid game, although it is worth it (Dlcs aswell).-Some escapes are single player/multiplayer only, which is a cool feature, allthough its also possible that if you dont have anyone to play with you wont be able to accomplish this easily.Review:Overall a great game, props to the devs! It definantly lives up to the first game, which i feel this game surpases, especially in its combat, the combat allows you to take down even guards with simple your fists, as oppose to it being ""i got the better weapon, you lose"". Great replayability and i hope to see this continue."
,Recommended,641990,34656723,Posted: 1 September,all,The Mangle,"Its pretty cool, Dispite the negative reviews saying thay crash and such i think this is an epic game with awsome grafics and i do really hope there will be more thingsAnd i would also love to see an edutir where you can make yourown maps like the first one. But still very very cool game and alot of improvments.(Sorry if i have a few typos.)EDIT: I did notice 1 glitch howeverThay do not always say who gets a cell shakedown at rollcallAlso The cops with the flaming logo above there heads will NOT leave you alone. Even if you pay them money.And the poseter keeps disapearing when you take it down. I wont lye ever sense this review i am kinda starting to dislike this game."
,Recommended,641990,34742193,Posted: 4 September,all,PrayNightYouTube,"This is the best game yet!I love everything that has been improved and added since the last game. If this was the first game to come out, I would love the series just as much.As a matter of fact, there is so much stuff in this game I don't even know where to start! First, I like that there are multiple fllors. I also LOVE the fact that there is multiplayer. I like that there are transport prisons so all the prisons don't feel the same!Thank You for this game!"
,Recommended,641990,34743182,Posted: 4 September,all,Thecoolduckman,updates take too long tho
,Recommended,641990,34746226,Posted: 4 September,all,Dr. Archer MD,"Pros:MultiplayerFun to playHumorous at timesCons:BuggyConstant crashing when playing multiplayer""That item is not for me!""Crucial items will refuse to spawn for hoursThe dogs are invincible and do insane damageThe primary reason I am hesitant to give a thumbs up is that this game was released with a twenty dollar price tag as a game seemingly in beta condition. Before it was even fully patched up there was a season pass and dlc for it. Its a trend seemingly becoming more prevalant in gaming but that does not excuse it... My preliminary review is thumbs up but I do reserve judgement"
,Recommended,641990,34749627,Posted: 4 September,all,Lord Biscuit,Would absolutely love to play this game online but there are no Oceanic servers so doing anything with 300 ping is almost impossible. Please add servers for us or add peer to peer hosting <3
,Recommended,641990,34745787,Posted: 4 September,all,Julien,"Havent played much of this yet, but very excited! So far its so much more advanced from The Escapist 1! Very worth the money, every time I play it, I lose track of time, very great game! It is also a puzzle!"
76561197972514853,Recommended,641990,34819002,Posted: 8 September,all,NaRa,"This game is really really fun. For some reason though it crashes, and it crashes often. Often enough that I felt the need to write a review on it. I have been playing the rattlesnake prison and am on the second day, the game has crashed four times now just this session. If you're playing one of the timed prisions it doesn't seem to be so bad but if you're playing any center parks or rattlesnake (all I have gotten to thus far) you should expect crashes which makes no sense to me what so ever. I still recommend this game because it is a ton of fun, the crashes do make almost unplayable."
76561198065876761,Not Recommended,641990,34419565,Posted: 22 August,all,RebelKillSwitch,"Garbage, Doesn't run properly, Full of glitches and the Coop doesn't work properly, i cant even refund it. Its a pitiful high priced waste of garbage, honestly just go torrent the game. its not worth buying. Dont make the mistake i did"
76561198010653005,Recommended,641990,34832943,Posted: 9 September,all,subscript,"How can i change language to russian?(without any changes in game files)It is good game, but it will be better if i can change language."
,Recommended,641990,34837804,Posted: 9 September,all,Haxxit,Awesome gam i recommend it i hope they make more then 2 and make a game series and also add create prison like the old one
76561198126837282,Recommended,641990,34405855,Posted: 21 August,all,MatTheCrazyGuy,"This makes the original look like a fan-game. Unfortunately, there are still bugs that sometimes ruin the game. The scripted escapes also make it less of a sandbox, and make escaping the later prisons boring and just unsatisfying. But I still trust that the devs will fix most of the issues, considering how fast they're pumping out updates. I trust the devs to fix this game, but if you don't, then wait a little bit, and see if they do."
76561198411693042,Recommended,641990,34830597,Posted: 8 September,all,xTacoCatx,Good game and multiplayer is good but i wish there was more maps
76561198291535754,Recommended,641990,34831236,Posted: 9 September,all,Dr. Brown,"Game:10/10More Stuff And First DLC's But one Thing...Where is editor...?!?|Like, The Escapists 2 Is Just New version Of Old One... New Texture's n' stuff but one thing is missing..Editor.Game is still 10/10"
,Recommended,641990,34547326,Posted: 28 August,all,✪ Tubz,"This game if awesome, its unlike anything i have ever seen before! You are free to run around and do missions, attack guards and now you can even play with friends. But there is one issue, i cant play it... Ive tryed multiple times trying to play this game but everytime i load a prison it just crashes. I was able to use a different pc to play for a while but i can rarely use it. When i bought this game i was juming in my seat and screaming but now im spending all my time jsut trying to fix it. Im trying to keep myself away from refunding the game but im almost at that point where i just cant sit here and watch the game crash and crash, time after time! Please, if any developers see this im beggin you to fix this issue because i love this game and many other people are having this issue..Kind Regards, Tubz..."
,Recommended,641990,34405633,Posted: 21 August,all,ReifinV-,Better in every possible way than the first installment
76561198300069254,Recommended,641990,34820788,Posted: 8 September,all,Natedog0804,"The Escapists 2 is an excellent game, the devs are great. They add what the community asks for. I don't think I have seen as good fourm moderators, when you report a bug, chances are they will ask you about it and try to help you fix it. Each prison is differant with it's own routine times. If you miss a routine, you will gain a half star, the more stars you have, the more guards there will be. If you miss roll call, it is instant lockdown. One bug I have experienced is that when I switch tabs from the game or go in the steam overlay, it will crash on me.I rate this game 9.5/10, I will give 10/10 if this is fixed"
76561198152274812,Recommended,641990,34824831,Posted: 8 September,all,Apocalypse,"I love the original Escapists. And this game builds on the original with the community. This game has a much wider variety of prisons, even more music, more prisons, better graphics, and the saving grace, it autosaves when you exit the game, leaving no need to wait for lights out.However, there are huge problems with this version, and the biggest can be described in 4 words: NO RESET DAY BUTTON. This causes the game to just be a ""hope and pray you don't lose"" game that quickly stacks up on your day count. Lose all your best items? Tough luck, buddy! Time to start over or choose or double your days spent here!Another problem is smaller, but still annoying. If guards notice that a wall has been chipped at, you get a desk search and the damage is repaired, again making it a rush to chip at it, making things like forks and knives completely useless, judging by how it only chips 1% of the wall away. (Speaking of walls, I once took off a poster, and when I put it back, it dissapeared.)In conclusion, this game is a must-have for an Escapists fan like me. All I'm asking for is that the developers take this feedback and maybe add it later in a new update."
76561198176015959,Recommended,641990,34679670,Posted: 2 September,all,ScoutMcCrazyLegs CrouchJumpSpam,"I really love this game since it is still similar to the Escapists, but still different. Though i've had some crashing issues, it still is an enjoyable game and definitley worth the money."
,Recommended,641990,34680265,Posted: 2 September,all,WarLord Actual,"I have played hundreds of games. I play only 3 games. This, and the first escapistmake it on that list."
76561198269339002,Recommended,641990,35005978,Posted: 16 September,all,rooneyback01,phenomal game greater than the origonal
76561198002403973,Recommended,641990,35034734,Posted: 17 September,all,Super Zat,Level Editor is coming and  most early complaints and bugs have been fixed. Its a good game! better then the first!
76561198212955179,Recommended,641990,35033770,Posted: 17 September,all,robin4275,"This game is very good! I find myself playing this game way too much, but for good reason. For those of you who have played the first one and think this is more of the same, you are half correct. This game does have the objective, but with much more features and things that are better. I would definitley reccomend this game!!!"
,Recommended,641990,35032556,Posted: 17 September,all,Lit,This game is
,Recommended,641990,35011793,Posted: 16 September,all,a deadly infection,i like this game its such an anprovement to the first game however me and other people have expercing a glitch were all are progess is reset plz fix
76561198237176124,Recommended,641990,35011056,Posted: 16 September,all,私は赤ちゃんを喰らう,Awesome game.... The end....
,Recommended,641990,34587560,Posted: 29 August,all,Nanolorpi,The crashes have been fixed! The game has now been fun and bugless. Would recommend!
,Recommended,641990,35036689,Posted: 17 September,all,pelequinhoKalashnikov 2,good game but it need to get a upgrade in the multiplayeri think we need a suport about the country where the players are playing like brasilian servers for players which are playing the game in brasil so the ping can be lonwer.
76561198276697738,Recommended,641990,35062795,Posted: 19 September,all,sideshowdylan,"Really fun game to play, big improvement from the first game. Love all the new mechanics and how in depth exploring the prisons can really be."
76561198414447186,Recommended,641990,35094760,Posted: 20 September,all,AwesomeTMC,So fun! Some glitches though.
,Recommended,641990,34521536,Posted: 26 August,all,JDohg | CSGOSpeed.com,"I owned the first game of this and hated it, it was confusing, felt weird, was boring, and repetitive. This game takes every aspect that sucked from the old game, and made it better. There's Multiplayer, which is so much fun, and funny, the graphics are so much better, the controls are a little janky, but you get used to them. Also, the variety in this game is amazing, there are so many ways to escape the prisons, you can fake your death, go into a box and get shipped out of the prison, ride your horse off the train, dig a tunnel under, go through vents, sounds pretty basic right? Well it isn't. This game is really challenging, and super simple all at the same time, and I think that's what makes it good.Now a lot of people were saying that this game is super buggy, and so messed up. I've encountered one bug, and it wasn't nearly gamebreaking. Basically, my friend was seeing me get shot on his screen, and not on mine. It was an easy fix, and didn't matter. This game is genuinely really good, and the DLC in my opinion, is probably going to be worth getting."
76561198219938979,Recommended,641990,35110234,Posted: 21 September,all,TheLeoTinz,Its a WERRY fun game has tonns off Jails 2
,Recommended,641990,35108509,Posted: 21 September,all,ManyaRox,The Escapists 2 is an extremely good game. I really enjoyed creating strategies to bust out of prison and putting them into play. And it's even more fun to play with friends!
76561198157748140,Recommended,641990,34453826,Posted: 23 August,all,FadeToBlack,"first game i bought at pre order and im really into this game. although i got only 2 hours i really enjoyed it so far. but ofc like every other game its got its cons:lets start with the cons:- not expandable storage, not on yourself, not in your table in your cell. really annoying if you want to hide illegal stuff in your hidden compartment and can't cause there only 6 slots.- this is not game breaking but it just bothers me that you can run aroung with an illegal object in your hands (when other inventory slots is full) and the cops will do nothing.- things are a bit too hard to get. lets say you need to craft a pickaxe to dig into a wall to get out of the prison, you'll have to grind a bit to get the items and it can get tedious.- they made it a little bit too difficult and you can find yourself exploring and learning prisons for like couple of hours just to know/memorize what the map looks like which can suck.pro:- it is kind of stratigic if you realy want to escape smart and not just run for it.- you cant just run around and beat the sh*t of everyone for loot, the NPC are fighting back and a little strong than i imagined. (which means you need to get loot in a smart way instead just going balls deep)- customiztions in the beggining of the game got wied varaity of choices and as you proggres in the game you can unlock more customizations.(there are more pros but im new and will add to this review in a later stage)- they tried to make the game as realistic as a video game can be and made it very difficult to escape. they are forcing us to take our time and escape smart (but theres a con to it)overall the cons can be major but if you play with your friends you can have a lot of fun.(take in considiration this review was written after only 2 hours of gameplay where most of it was online)"
,Recommended,641990,35138325,Posted: 22 September,all,Adolf Big Mac,coming from someone who played the first game (but never escaped san pancho) this game IS better than the first but my main gripe with it is that it is now way to easy ima go through every prison and explain whyCenter perks 2.0 really easy but understandable because its the first oneRattle snake a good step up and what this game should of been in terms of learning curveKAPOW camp this is would be a spike in difficulty if it werent for the unique escapesHMP Offshore im yet to escape this as i am playing multiplayer only mostly but its really hard with mp but really easy with singleFort Tundra this prison is just to easy you simply need a way out of the cell area and then to make some lightweight cuttersArea 17 Again but this time its so much worse you simply open up the vents go out your cell with a red key and turn off the generator which isnt even locked off then cut the fence and break the wall with a shovel (which is unituitive)USS Anomoly this is ridiculous I SHOULDN'T BE ABLE TO ESCAPE THE FINAL PRISON IN 2 DAYS ON MY SECOND TIME PLAYING IT you need some cutters and a scewdriver (WHICH ARE EVERYWHERE)
76561198416331001,Recommended,641990,35112856,Posted: 21 September,all,ItsYourBoySarim101,i loved the game! It is a really big improve from the old one and better
,Recommended,641990,34410631,Posted: 22 August,all,Super,"Game is better than escapists 1 in literally every way, if you liked that game, buy this."
,Recommended,641990,35116498,Posted: 21 September,all,C-244 Shawn,"With over 2 hours on this game, and playing co-op with a friend, The only issue I've seen it that the keyboard/mouse player sometimes couldnt take items out of desks, while I found a work-around, it was annoying.Recommended.Pros;MultiplayerCo-OPLocal Co-OPCons:Bugs"
76561198041346904,Recommended,641990,35115158,Posted: 21 September,all,Kailz,This game has gotten alot better since I first bought it. It still has occasional crashes however it saves so much and launches so fast it really isnt a problem
,Recommended,641990,34465334,Posted: 24 August,all,Dat Guy,its pretty good game if you want to die
76561198115324869,Recommended,641990,35284240,Posted: 28 September,all,Manticore,it is an  awsome game i love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :))))))))))
76561198035823906,Recommended,641990,35233957,Posted: 26 September,all,Jackink,So far way more than i expected and fairly intimidating.DONT BE LATE FOR WORK.
76561198294952198,Recommended,641990,35309686,Posted: 29 September,all,xX_Asriel_Xx,This game is the best i highly recommend this game!
,Recommended,641990,35438380,Posted: 3 October,all,spookie walooegie,get some friends and its alot of fun but rng is an♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,641990,35446643,Posted: 3 October,all,Tails #TF2SP,yeah the graphics is better than before well theres upcoming prison editor so
,Recommended,641990,35440541,Posted: 3 October,all,ElBurrito! CS.MONEY,Pretty Good game to be honest. Gameplay and Graphics really improved since the last game. Also bugs are quickly fixed and removed. Good job team7 keep up the good work!!!
76561198351656859,Recommended,641990,35482754,Posted: 4 October,all,The 8-Bit Gam3r,"This game is a very good game. There are a LOT of glitches, but it just came out in August. This is a very fun game, better than the first. The thing that made this a good review is that for all of the prisons, there are 3-4 escapes to do, and many different ways to go about each one. 3-4 escapes per prison, 10 prisons, around 35 escapes. If you do an escape per week, that's 35 WEEKS of origiinal, nonrepetitive content. Every escape is unique, and every prison is different. Once again, my only complaint is that there are a lot of glitches. One time, I got a sheet of metal, put it in my inventory, and it said I was wearing it as an outfit. :P Overall, My rating is 9/10. Unique game. Fun game. Good game."
76561198110715235,Recommended,641990,35487166,Posted: 4 October,all,boobasawk,Great Game love it 10/10
,Recommended,641990,35487935,Posted: 4 October,all,EvilPika,its was fun and challenging but i finished it in 1 week i thought it was gonna last a month before getting all the keys overall it was fun
,Recommended,641990,35505371,Posted: 5 October,all,dforkin,yay prison editor
