user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,643620,34261118,Posted: 15 August,all,kuribo,"Where do I even begin with the remastered edition of one of my all-time favorite games? Playing this took me back to the mid 90s... back to the days of Mortal Kombat and video game magazines. I was somewhat surprised to realize I still know by heart way more of the dialogue than I should. I kinda wished I still had my old notebook from 1994 that had all of the trap times written down, painstakingly collected from hours upon hours of gameplay. They're widely available on the internet now, but it's really not the same, now is it?For starters, there are a LOT of extras. Documentaries, a new game mode, classic and modern GUI layouts. Someone poured their heart and soul into this. It was obviously a labor of love, although if you've followed its development on social media, you know that already.The modern layout includes real-time viewing of every room in the room icons. Where there used to be static icons, stopping you from seeing what's going on in other rooms, now you can see exactly what you're missing on the small thumbnail. This might make the game too easy for purists, but will probably be helpful to people who haven't played before or to more casual players. Aside from the room icons, there are several screen setups as well, mirroring everything from the classic Sega-CD setup to the 32X, to the 3DO to the 2017 remaster. Each of them has their merits, and each will have people who prefer them. I owned both the Sega-CD edition and the 32X edition, so I slightly prefer the 32X version. It just always looked cleaner.The documentaries are interesting. Dangerous Games is a classic that a lot of people probably will have seen by now. For a bit of hilarity, one of the last lines is Jim Riley, ""I'm worried that twenty years from now, someone will come to me and say 'Oh, we want to talk to you about a game.' And I'll say, 'Which one? Wirehead?' 'No, the classic! Night Trap!'"" And that's exactly how it played out 25 years later because there's a 2017 interview with him as well. You also get various peeks at prototypes for Night Trap as reward unlocks for game tasks.Another new addition is Survival mode: Random scenes and code changes play out all through the house, and you must trap as many Augers as possible. This is fun, especially if you enjoy the game and have played it so many times you know it like the back of your hand. It's frantic, fast-paced, and definitely benefits from the new, more modern setup with the room previews.All in all, I heartily recommend this for fans of the original game, there's a LOT of extra content. And frankly, the PC port from the late 90s is not only difficult to find, but may not even run on modern systems. If you've never played Night Trap, you might not like it. You might feel like it doesn't hold up well over the years, and you know what, you might be right. You'll hear a lot of people telling you that it's gaming history--- and it is--- or people like myself with the nostalgia goggles on. And that's just fine too. You should definitely give it a try though, if not for history, and if not for the fact that you want to see other old Sega CD games ported over to PC,  than for the fact that it's a pretty great game."
76561198101226652,Not Recommended,643620,34260073,Posted: 15 August,all,xxxDESPERADOxxx,"I rarely write reviews, but I feel that I have to in this case.From the moment that I heard NIGHT TRAP was getting an HD remaster, I felt like a kid again.I woke up this morning & downloaded it as soon as I turned on my monitors.Then it started going downhill.I was curious to see how the mouse & keyboard functionallity would be used.Looks like there is no use of the keyboard at all.  I can't seem to even pause the game.Only way to end the game was to either lose on purpose which takes time, or Alt+F4.Even at the main screen there is no way to close the game.So I decided to give controller a try.Well, with the controller I was able to pause the game and exit if I wanted to (which seems to just restart the entire application) but even stranger, ""START GAME"" was the only option that I could select.  Plus when playing the game, I could only switch between the 4 bottom cameras by pressing up or down on the D-Pad.  There was no way to select the top row of cameras rendering the game unplayable with controller.The only way that I can fully play this game is to use the mouse and controller at the same time to have full control, and then Alt+F4 to exit the game when I'm done.Bottom line:PROS- The HD overhaul looks great- The Active thumbnail cameras make the game a LOT easier to catch enemies- The Extras are great to see after 25 yearsCONS- Controller support is limited- No keyboard support from what I can see- Must Alt+F4 to close the game- No way to pause the game unless using a controllerIt honestly hurts me to rate this experience a 2 out of 5It would easily be a 5 out of 5, but without control, it's just a frustrating mess."
76561197994528587,Recommended,643620,34301379,Posted: 16 August,all,Hugh G. Rection,"Just grabbed this, but it currently only seems to support PS4 controllers and a few keyboard keys. I only have keyboard/mouse and I'm getting issues like not being able to exit the options screen without quitting the game entirely.User Interface issues notwithstanding, I'm looking forward to getting into this, but it doesn't look like I'll be doing so until the UI is patched, or I buy a PS4 controller I can use on my PC."
76561198006557922,Recommended,643620,34300196,Posted: 16 August,all,[LXY] Aries,I still love playing this on a mega-cd really glad its been re-released with much clear video.Still fun and adding the deleted scenes means its got a few new challenges.
76561198305655333,Recommended,643620,34346138,Posted: 19 August,all,Grizzella,"I missed the Kickstarter for this, but was happy to hear that it was coming on Steam.  For the price, there's a lot to it.  I like the documentaries that are included, giving the history and some behind the scenes of the game.  One nice feature is being able to collect the story, so you can go back and watch those without worrying about trapping.If you like retro FMV gameplay, and some mindless fun, give it a shot.  I still smile when I successfully trap the Augers."
,Recommended,643620,34460203,Posted: 24 August,all,Betelgeuse,"This game got a popularity boost back in the day because of the controversy surrounding it. ""Woman gets attacked by masked men in bathroom, oh noooo!"" Unfortunately this also killed sales, as several retailers removed it from their stores.I've been wanting to see this game in a remastered re-release for years. I'm surprised and delighted to finally see this dream become a reality. Sadly, the original master tapes are damaged or lost; so the video is not HD quality. But the clarity is top notch and looks like a brand new VHS transfer, instead of something that's been run through the grinder a gazillion times.In my opinion, this was the first FMV game that was actually done right! The various scenes you can trigger and different rooms you can watch at the same time makes replaying a must. As for the controversy: it was completely over-hyped by sensitive minds. The violence is cartoonish and the acting is deliberately cheesy. But all in all it's a lot of fun.If you like B-movies and want one in a playable format then you will definitely love this game."
76561197987816691,Recommended,643620,34776979,Posted: 6 September,all,NoPantsMan,"It's Night Trap and its better than its ever been. Probably unlikely to make many new converts to the slightly more playable style of FMV game it presented there's never been a more appreciable version.Some of the more noteworthy additions to the new version, other than the new high quality video transferAwesome modern interface update, with realtime view of all the camerasSeveral documentaries and production bonusesA handful of deleted scenesThe original proof of concept tech demo ""Scene of the Crime"" (never before made available to the public)Special randomised score attack modeHonestly for an old, rather critically lukewarm game, that's a really impressive feature set to have added in and I was very impressed. On the slightly more negative side the game is glitchier than it really should be (but has already been patched a couple of times so that's good) and despite having an unlockable theatre mode to watch clips from the game there's no passive watch the entire game without risk of game over so if you're hoping for ""Night Trap - the Movie"" you'll probably just want to wait until someone puts one on YT.Still this is absolutely the best way to play this game and I daresay it's moved from a cute idea with painful issues to a more rounded game that's actually worth your time (and a no brainer if you love B-Movies). You'll probably notice the seams here and there but it's Night Trap and it's really quite good - honest.Here's hoping we get to see Double Switch and Wirehead in the distant future."
76561198002550932,Not Recommended,643620,34334779,Posted: 18 August,all,WolfCatDog,"This game is a great classic, but besides the improved video quality I can't really recommend this port. It's just too buggy.If you want to pay to be a beta tester,  or support indie developers, buy it.I've had black screens appearing in some rooms, audio overlapping, rooms staying static even tho I can hear something is happening in that room, achievements not unlocking and the screen flickeringDid the game even get tested? the 25 minute game was unbeatable for the first 2 days yet somehow had positive reviews so that makes me think theres some fake reviews around, so I feel I had to leave an honest one.I appreciate its a one man development team but theres too many issues that makes playing the original on an emulator or something the better option because every single previous version of this game has had 0 issues. They couldn't rely on releasing buggy messes and having people pay to test it.The game is currently being patched but I still think the price is too high.Go support other indie developers, who are releasing full, original games at a lower price than this.To end on a good note, night trap is an awesome game."
76561197961542906,Recommended,643620,34550709,Posted: 28 August,all,s000m,"I loved the original on Mega CD. Originally I was put off by the negative reviews stating it was broken etc. However it looks like a patch has sorted this all out. I took the plunge and bought the game. I don't regret it.Just as much fun (if not more so) as the original. It even has achievements, unlockables and a documentary.If you had any love for the original this is a no brainer, buy it."
,Recommended,643620,34302730,Posted: 17 August,all,ultimatetostada,"Updated 2017-08-19:All of the issues from my original review seem to have been fixed.  In particular, the controls are much better as you can navigate the menus now.Thank you to the developer for fixing the issues quickly.Original review:Pros:+ The game is really cool and I'm glad I finally have a chance to play it after all these years.+ The extras are also pretty good.  I watched the doc and the interview and found them both really enjoyable.+ Resolution wise this seems to be the best version of the game (based on watching the interview which showed the Sega CD and this version side by side)Cons:- Control is really, really bad.  Playing the game with keyboard and mouse will make you want to cry.  I had to restart the game over and over because there was no way to navigate between menus.For example I entered the options using the mouse.  There was no way to go back to the main menu.  The only prompts on screen were PS4 controls.  Clicking either did nothing.  Same if you go to the Basement.When you click the video screen to pause the game, the Quit button doesn't work when you click it.  Yet the resume button works fine.Plugging in an XBOX controll allowed me to navigate the menus but that is just clownshoes.- Many achievements don't seem to be working.  I watched the entire party scene with Megan as well as the Documentary and the Interview in the Basement and none of the achievements were granted.The developer has already relreased one patch so I am hopeful that the rest of these issues will get resolved.  For now I would hold off on buying."
76561198210603672,Recommended,643620,34535839,Posted: 27 August,all,hudson836,"Fun but not without its glitches.I've been a huge fan of the game Night Trap since the early 90's when I used to veg out on the couch and watch my older brother and his friends play this game incessantly (probably why I romanticised it as much as I have in my life).  With a tendency to OBSESS over what I love, in college I downloaded an emulator to run the old Sega CD disk on my laptop and I went through this game with a magnifying glass, trying to see and do it all, even going so far as to record on DVD every single augger, scene, and time stamp.While I'm not big into reviews, I feel I'd be doing a disservice to the developer to not review this.First let me say, I'm delighted that I'm not the only person who remembers and loves this game.  To see someone who went back to such a cheesy B-movie style game and bring it back to life in excellent video quality is awesome.  Likewise, I love the menus, the options, and the ways to unlock the movies; sometimes you get so focused on playing the game that you don't really watch the movies.  I also love being able to change the menu screens from retro to a basement/control room style theme.  Very clever.The number 1 thing that I LOVE LOVE LOVE about this game, was the developer using the room icons as real time video.  Back in the day, the best Sega could do was give the rooms you weren't watching a simple icon, which meant you had to click fast and often to scan the house.  I LOVE (saying it again) that the rooms that aren't being watched are still showing a live stream of what's taking place-- much like a real CCTV system.  Nicely done!Now, onto the negatives.  Pure and simple:  It's glitchy.  I have yet to experience the issues of pausing that most people are complaining about.  My biggest gripe is the audio.  At times it gets choppy and fluttery.  Sometimes the video gets a little messy (though not often).  And I've experienced the game crashing while attempting to watch the unlockable documentaries.  All in all, ""messy"" is a good word to describe it at times, but it's certainly not unbearable.I love the new intro and the deleted scenes (they were surprises I wasn't expecting).  But I also wish they had recovered (and made available) the old introduction videos as your team commander goes through his little speech.  (I myself recall the Sega CD version had the SWAT team gazing out of a futuristic surveillance RV while they briefed you).  Would have been neat to see those.Otherwise, I feel that the good outweighs the bad with this revamped version of the game.  It couldn't hurt to address the glitches, and I certainly hope that they release a few updates where those issues are tightened up.  But flaws aside, it certainly didn't spoil my experience!"
76561198010241250,Recommended,643620,34699228,Posted: 2 September,all,Duke Dudeston,"I originally played this game when it was brand new (on Steam), and I will be honest it didn't look good, but the developer was very pro-active and has addressed many of the first day bugs that were present.The game is playable (it was before just a little glitchy) and is still enjoyable, its one of those titles where you will want to have a bash at now and then, which is why I don't want to setup my Mega CD just to play this game.. yeah I know I can just run an emulator but thats not the same. 3 power adapters for 1 game (the 32X version before anyone asks) that plays for about 30-40 minutes just isn't a good enough reason for me (although I would probably crank out some other classics like Road Avenger and Time Gal - but thats not for here)Great 90's cheesy fun, not sure how it will sit today as a ""new game"" I think only those with a love for interactive movies or these cheesy FMV games will want to buy this.The remake is brilliant and does do the game justice, and from what I understand it was a one-man show, so give the guy some credit, you have to have balls of steel to release a 90's cult classic video game today."
,Recommended,643620,34449377,Posted: 23 August,all,]TPG[ Crypt1cMayh3m,I am a huge fan of the original Sega CD version of this game so I naturally had to get this remastered version. I enjoy the game so much more using the mouse to control the cameras and traps. The video has been cleaned up significantly and I like how the player can choose to play with different layouts and icons. I hope that the developer moves on to Double Switch next!
,Recommended,643620,34652631,Posted: 31 August,all,MindOfJigsaw,"Considered to be one a game so bad its good.Cheesey, Corny and cheap - that's what makes the game amazing.  Nostalgiac 1980s-released in 90s fun.  I love it."
,Recommended,643620,34285862,Posted: 16 August,all,PC Gamer Girl,"I'm not gonna lie, the game is not without its bugs, but I loved playing it so much this morning that I just have to recommend it. The pure nostalgia just made it so much fun, bugs and all. It took a solid 30 minutes before I figured out how the hell to play the game again, but once I did, I had a GREAT time - up until the game glitched out toward the middle/end. I've already reported the bug and given the dev's responses so far, I've got faith they'll ""up their game"".https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7SqPu-Io-Q"
,Not Recommended,643620,34270847,Posted: 15 August,all,stuman78,"I didn't want to write a negative review for my first review, but there is one glaring issue that needs to be taken care of. Let me start by saying that the game controls well and the audio before the game starts is fine. But once the game starts and you are watching the active cameras, the audio gets garbled and is very hard to understand. While for some this may be avoided by not listening to the sound, there are points in the game where you need the audio to listen to what the security code is changing to. Also there needs to be a way to exit out of the game from the main menu. As much as I wanted to write a positive review, I can't with the current condition of the game."
,Recommended,643620,34981585,Posted: 15 September,all,Simonster4,"The game itself is brilliant, Scene of the Crime is great, but despite what Steam said in the specs when I ordered it, it requires a separate graphics card, an onboard card stutters and craps out.Exteremly disappointed that Steam / Screaming Villians didn't make this clear before purchase, and that Steam didn't refund my purchase when the issue was made clear to them.Recommend the game, yes.  Recommend Steam's ability to supply sensible specifications, no."
76561198039884035,Recommended,643620,34271263,Posted: 16 August,all,knowless57,Was so looking forward to finally playing the infamous Night Trap! At the moment while it is fun the audio is totally screwed up at the moment which is a real shame. Hopefully a patch can be issued quickly to fix this. Because at the moment you can't hear any dialog as its a fizzy mess of audio.Besides that the price is good and it is fun.
76561198115112447,Recommended,643620,34282824,Posted: 16 August,all,Youaintseenmeok,Great remaster lots of extra content . no control issues if you no how to play it
,Recommended,643620,34384115,Posted: 20 August,all,zombie-flesheater,"Oh, Night Trap...Once upon a time, there was the idea of having movies, but make them playable. That's right! You're in control of your movie and can do anything, interact, change what's happening, even determine the outcome by your actions. Wow!This time was called the nineties, and some of you might remember it. Some of you might even have fond memories of the Sega CD (Mega CD im Europe). Some also might remember the rise of FMV Games during that time. FMV is short for full motion video. It's just like video, except that it's also in full motion! Wow! Take your time to imagine that! Videos! On a gaming console! In full motion! And you could even interact with it! Doesn't this sound almost too great to be true? Imagine the possibilities! Are you excited?Now imagine watching a pixelated, garbled mess with a low framerate. You even get to use your imsgination! Wow! And the gameplay, oh, the gameplay! You had to press a certain button at the right time to... not die. That's right! Almost like today's QTEs. Except... worse? And the games were nothing but said low quality QTEs.Blame it on the technical limitations, but at least the movies made into a game were great and full of production value. Right? Right?! Nope. For whatever reason, the fundament of those games were mostly low budget movies with cheesy acting, laughably shallow plots and sets which are put to shame by any Elementary School play.Are you still excited? Why somebody would even have bothered to ""play"" those ""games""? Because they were fun!Once you got used to the usually clunky and limited controls, the adventurous visuals and... oh, there wasn't anything else. Anyways, once you got used to... whatever was there... you could have fun. You could be a firefighter, a karate warrior, a fighter pilot, a helicopter pilot, a pilot of some hovercraft... thing, a boxer, even Sherlock Holmes himself!And then there was Night Trap. In which you were... some guy watching security camera feed while a couple of girls are having a party. No, no, it's not like you think! Well, maybe at least not completely...You had to save those girls from the Augers by activating traps inside and outside of the house. Just make sure you're watching the right room and activate the trap as soon as an Auger steps on it. And he'll get spectacularily trapped as your reward. Spectacularily? Yes, that's right! There's even smoke! Well, sometimes, at least... ok, moving on...What's an Auger, you may ask. Well, the enemies of Night Trap of course! They're like vampires, except they have no fangs and move around like they've got cramps in about every muscle of their body. Why? Uuuuh, because!And that's the fun part. You just have to see them to believe it! Their movement and their musical theme (that's right, they even get a theme when you can see those cute little f***ers on screen!) will burn into your mind. Deeply!You just won't be able to unsee (and unhear) it anymore. It will stick with you at least forever, maybe even longer.So basically you were forced to ""play"" the game so you could be watching a movie so bad, that it was amusing. A movie so trashy, full of budget restraints, bad acting, plotholes and 90's cheesiness that you will feel as if you've never had a better time in your entire life! Well, maybe except that one time, with... ok, moving on...So, those were the 90's. You had a great time playing Night Trap on your Sega CD and suddenly... Bam! The nineties were over! Totally unexpected! Who could have guessed?! And because the nineties were over, you couldn't play Night Trap on your Sega CD anymore. There was a new game: adult life! And man, did it suck! Instead of fun and cheesiness, there came responsibility and time management. Sure, the graphics were better and there was a little bit more interactivity...Fast forward until summer 2017. Guess who's back!? Night Trap!Remastered, with (slightly) better graphics, contemporary controls (you can even use a mouse or joypad! This almost hasn't been done before!) and tons of bonus material, like a documentary, interviews, even a whole new game, and much more! And a Theater Mode! It only took 25 years to finally get this one! Achievements, too! Because it's 2017! Isn't that just great? All the nostalgia is finally back - with a vengeance!So if you played Night Trap in the 90's... you probably will have bought it already and won't be reading reviews for it.And if you haven't played it......well, that's a hard one. Should you get it? Would I recommend it?If you're looking for an AAA game with great production value and innovative gameplay, definitely no! Go play something else instead. If you want to know what it (almost) would be like to play Night Trap during the 90's on your Sega CD, yes! If you like trash and are easily entertained by things that are so bad that they're funny, definitely!Just know what you're getting: a cringeworthy FMV game that can be a bit frustrating and hard at times, but will make you laugh so hard that your stomach will hurt. And you can listen to the outstanding Night Trap Theme song over and over again. Yay!"
,Not Recommended,643620,34266290,Posted: 15 August,all,doc.ames,"Still too buggy. I had previously recommended this game after being able to finally playthrough it after it launched with a game breaking which caused the game to not be completable. It also had many other bugs. The updates have fixed quite a bit but I now have a bug where I can't get a perfect game and unlock Scene of the Crime. At 6:30 the possible counter increments by two even though no trapable augs appear. There is a red light which indicates when a trapping opportunity is missed. That light never turns on indicating that I missed any augs. I haven't tried to play to the end but I'm guessing that I'll be at least two short even if I capture all augs. I know some people have 100% the game but I think that was prior to the 2nd update. In addition there are still audio issues, cams not updating, and crashes.Wait a while before picking this up or accept that fact that you are going to be playing a beta. This port was not playtested.Also the video quality is disappointing. Yes, it's much better than it ever has been. However, it's quite lossy. Compression artifacts are easily seen. It looks similar to a 360p YouTube video. Being that the video was digitized from a copy of the masters the video should look better than it does.Edit: The augs that are counted at 6:30 actually appear in hallway 1 at 7:48.Update 9000 (patch #3 I believe):Still has cam issues, users are still reporting crashes, apparently this game requires a fairly powerful computer with dedicated graphics (thank god I got that GTX 1080 in time to play). I'm told that it's because the game uses a 3D engine. A great choice for an FMV game.Sadly, the stereo mix is still jacked up in places including the party scene."
,Not Recommended,643620,34270999,Posted: 16 August,all,theegravedigger,"Control issues, and not colourblind friendly. Shame, this is one I missed when I was younger, and I'd wanted to play."
,Recommended,643620,34270751,Posted: 15 August,all,DeltaWolf7,"Updated review based on current patch.PROSIts fast paced and fluidA classic remasteredChoice of overlayPlayable with just a mouseAmazing game, so glad I no longer have to get my 32X CD out to play. The developers have done an outstanding job on this title and the continued development is amazing.I have updateed my review to reflect the game after its first patch.Thank you"
,Recommended,643620,34281933,Posted: 16 August,all,Myopic,"I love FMV games or even realistic looking cheesy games.Harvester, and phantogasma to name a few.More of those titles should be remasted or even bring new games to the genre."
76561198181403734,Not Recommended,643620,35054669,Posted: 18 September,all,topcat1983,Sound skips and a little while into game ability to trigger traps stops.
,Recommended,643620,34258414,Posted: 15 August,all,Xlr8we,Classic.It's good fun and has an important history.
76561198310705242,Not Recommended,643620,34357404,Posted: 19 August,all,GalacticGreyson,the sound is buggy
,Not Recommended,643620,34266309,Posted: 15 August,all,Icecapman10,"I would definitely recommend this game because Night Trap is just beautiful, but it has horrible optimization. Most likely because Unity. Unity is known for its many problems, but I'm surprised that even this game has them. The FMVs lag behind all the time, making the game unplayable."
76561197963582137,Recommended,643620,34381990,Posted: 20 August,all,Wormington,well it pretty cool video not as crisp as i had hoped but still good
,Recommended,643620,34406931,Posted: 21 August,all,Chill Penguin,"If you are like me and played the original version on the Sega CD all those years ago, I think you'll enjoy this remastered version. It is the same basic game, with much improved video quality over the original release. The documentaries and the unlockables round out the package well.There are little touches the Steam release could use, like hot keys for each room, video controls for the documentaries and a windowed mode option. They don't detract enough from the game experience to be considered issues."
76561198242563038,Recommended,643620,34443638,Posted: 23 August,all,davidwhittington,"I'm old enough to remember the mega cd and when night trap was first unleashed. True, it was controversial, but like most things people tend worry about things they either do not understand or change. In the case of night trap not so about the concept but the technological jump it represented. The earlier editions of this game were playable yet the video was grainy. This 25th anniversary release really adds the sparkle to a fun classic!"
76561197968542974,Recommended,643620,34270904,Posted: 15 August,all,mchlk,"The game was released too early, but the first update seems to address most of the show-stopping bugs. So the game is now playable and you can actually finish it (and quit it). If you like FMV games, you'll enjoy this one."
76561198284616947,Not Recommended,643620,34343990,Posted: 18 August,all,WolverineMG4,"I've had this game for a few days now, already seen one update, which fixed probably 90 percent of all the issues with the game, But it continues to have issues with choppy audio, and not having a menu layout for xbox controllers. I'm gonna give this game a Thumbs Up, but I also feel this game is like $ 5 to much, for what it is, so maybe stick it on your wishlist, and wait for the next steam sale. Night Trap is a awesome retro game, I never got to play as kid, and I'm glad to see it get this remaster, and I hope it leads to more...... maybe some Supreme Warrior, Corpse Killer, TomCat Alley, Midnight Raiders.....*** Review Update 8/29/17 : Sadly, unless you have the most hardcore of video cards in your laptop or gaming rig, I can not recommend Night Trap 25th Anniversary, even after talking with the developer, I learned my Intel HD card is not up to the challenge of this game from 1992 and due the very nature of the game probably never will be even with patches......so if your like me, go emulate the 32x version, it may not look as pretty, but at least it's playable on older pc's.....Or if you can get over the audio/video shuddering, as stated before grab this when it's a bit cheaper.***"
76561198230891300,Recommended,643620,34980679,Posted: 15 September,all,Camp Counselor,"First off awesome game, awesome piece of gaming history to own!  This PC version is awesome, very smooth and very fun!  I have read a few other reviews that have stated that the game has audio and video stuttering in it and that people are having problems playing it....let me say this...I almost didn't buy this game because of these few negative reviews because well I wouldn't want to play a choppy NIght Trap....I took the chance...because I was banking on the fact that the reason they were having these issues with choppyness etc and audio issues is because their systems were not up to par or running a low end processor and/or onboard video card.  Do not let this keep you from buying the game!!!  I cannot stress that enough!  As soon as I bought I did a multitude of tests to test these ""issues"" out...and as I thought...as long as you have a decent system you are going to have ZERO problems.  Am I talking a 2k machine here? No of course not.  I just want those of you out there to know there are no issues with this game the people complaining about it can only be having these issues because of their machines...I have tested it on several machines...and when I play on a machine that has a low grade processor or onboard video card there are some stuttering issues and audio issues because the machine is struggling to keep up!  I mean come on!  Even when you are in another room all eight cameras are still live streaming the rest of the game simo at the same time!  Yes FMV but that is taxing on a low grade system.  I am putting this all in here so that people that know they have a decent gaming machine know that there are no issues with the game and that the complaints are from users with something going on, on their end, not a thing wrong with the game.  Now I cannot speak on bugs previous to when I bought the game except to say that they have been patched now.  Before I sat down to enjoy it I tested them all out the ones I read on the forums including the so called audio and video ""stuttering"" and they simply are not there at all.  Not saying they might not have been at one point but they are not now.  It's not like I got lucky or something and got a perfect version of the game different from other people or anything.  This game is a ball to play through multiple times retro wise and the uprages and added scenes and bonus material make it just that much better!  Plus you have four version to choose from on how you want to play 1993 version-94 another one I can't remember at the moment...and the new 2017 version--all of which you get achievements for completing on the different versions as well.  So glad I bought this game I  hadn't played it in 24 years and it was so worth the 15 bucks, seriously.  It is video game history and was a fun game and even if it didn't have all the extras and added content...and was just the original game with nothing added it would still be totally worth the buy!  Two thumbs up for me on this game...and I must admit I was surprised at how smooth it was and how much was added to it, I was expecting some bugs and to my surprise not a one, very impressed for my 15 dollars.  If you decide to get it, have fun!  I know I did and still am!  Hope this review was helpful with my wall '0 text!  ..haha."
,Recommended,643620,35399064,Posted: 1 October,all,AwfulWaffle,A def buy for people who want to go on a nostalgia trip.  I'm glad to see this game got  rerelease after so many years.  Looking back on the history of this game and it's infamy you can see how crazy the alligations were in hindsight.Visuals: Good revamp of origial outlay.  You can choose classic or the new one.  Achievments are based around these so get ready for multiple playthroughs.  The FMV is great quality.Audio: Everything syncyed up well.Gameplay/Controls: You're going to be switching between rooms trying to look for Augers and you miss all of this great quality B movie goodness.  Controls were a bit off.  on the main menu my contoller had no input so I had to click with my mouse but in game it worked.  It would help if you played with a PS4 controller because all of the options are based around that since it's a PS port but XBONE also works.
