user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198028049202,Recommended,643880,32789171,Posted: 25 June,all,Kupo Games,"Ignore my playtime, I played this all the way through on my girlfriend's account with her. Took about 5 hours to beat.I love the pixel art in this game, every single level has a unique look to it. The gameplay is surprisingly addictive, with a big variety of enemies and bosses, and overall more fun than other breakout-type games I've played.I think the game is best suited for young kids though, it's quite easy and has very childish cutscenes and voice acting."
76561197989678619,Recommended,643880,32106544,Posted: 1 June,all,Hibachi,"I just completed the game. Took me about eight hours, it was really fun.The gameplay is simple but good, the ennemies have enough variety in their pattern to be interesting, there's boss battles which mix up the formula of the stages with unique attacks and abilities, the music is good in an 90's games kind of way, and the difficulty is well balanced. With maybe one or two difficulty spikes, but nothing too bad.Here's a bossfight :https://youtu.be/aohvrrSYXrkLook at the trailers, what you see is what you get. With some more variety.if that look good to you, buy it."
,Recommended,643880,32176980,Posted: 4 June,all,ulitroyo,"Strikey Sisters is at once challenging, fun, and charming af. I follow the developer primarily for their gorgeous pixel art, and they've certainly outdone themselves in this respect. Local  co-op is also one of its best features, as it is exceedingly uncommon. I had a lot of fun playing this with my daughter, even if she completely sucks at playing it."
76561198096849862,Recommended,643880,32292944,Posted: 9 June,all,Architect_Apoclypse,"Worth It? YESLIKESArcade style brick breaker gameAdorable pixel-art graphicsClassic Synth Soundtrack2 player couch co-opLots of different enemies, areas, and bossesMagic attacks and power ups for player and brick breaker ballPlays well on keyboard and Xbox controllerDISLIKESGraphics are not as smooth in full screenCheesy dialog in cutscenesThe brick breaker ball can be slow at timesHard to direct the brick breaker ballThe Final WordBrick breaker games have been around for a long time but you've never seen them like this before, welcome to Strikey Sisters.From the get-go your strong attack will be your best friend. It will break bricks faster and reflect projectiles. Enemies will drop power ups and respawn until every brick has been destroyed. Power ups will come pouring down the screen, ranging from freezing enemies, lighting attacks, fire balls, bombs, and more. Not only will you need to collect power ups, but bricks will also drop coins which are needed to unlock treasure chests containing keys for secret levels and a monster catching ability. There is a cutscene and boss battle every 4 stages which are even more frantic and fun. Don't worry, missing your ball or getting hit 3 times only makes you restart the stage. The retro synth soundtrack fits perfectly with the charming pixel-art style.DYA Games has done a fantastic job revamping an old time classic into a modern day action arcade brick-break breakout!Read the Full Review"
,Recommended,643880,35135452,Posted: 22 September,all,Durante,"A fun arcade coop hidden gem.Good controls, easy to learn gameplay with some depth."
,Recommended,643880,32152752,Posted: 3 June,all,OriginalVin,"This unique ball-breaking puzzle fantasy action game is basically Arkanoid meets Popful Mail (or insert some other classic, charming Japanese action-RPG). It's fun, addictive & gorgeous... but <STRIKE>still has a few issues.</STRIKE>UPDATE 7/30/2017: I've since beaten this game in just under 5 hours and have enjoyed the latest versions. The devs at DYA Games really tweaked, polished and refined this thing via post-launch updates, and I have to say... it is a PHENOMENAL title now.I USED to have some slight issues, but they've all been cleaned up! Now the bounce physics & collision seem fair, predictable... they seem as good as they possibly could be. There's no more times when the ball will go flying in seemingly the wrong direction when you hit it while moving. There's no more instances where the ball seems to clip on corners and fly off in surprising ways. There's even a better drop rate for items like recovery chickens, and they even tweaked the amount of hits it takes to bust blocks in single player or multi player modes to improve the pace of each match and cut down on the tedium early on where you just want to destroy blocks to get some breathing room. Rounds no longer feel like they last a tad too long. This is now super polished and, simply put, an ideal version of what this wanted to execute :)The player controls are really fantastic, and its one of those games where it's just fun to control the main character of your choice. The dev has also been quick to update the title post-launch and iron out wrinkles. There might be a bit of a learning curve here, but after short while, this goes from ""pretty good"" to ""super fun and addictive"". It can get difficult in places (at least until you learn to always prioritize ball return instead of going for power-ups), and you may take awhile to focus on the ball when there's VFX and particles going off everywhere during boss fights, but there's always lots of opportunities to get back in the game thanks to the power-ups enemies and blocks drop anyway. There's no big penalty for failing in the first place (just instantly try again). Its one of those games you end up just playing a bunch without noticing. Even when I lose, I'm finding myself going right back and retrying stages.The main mode is also a bit of an ""RPG Lite""-style design. With a world map and location ""nodes"", and a simple premise about going to find your pet presented via cute little cutscenes with sharp, funny dialogue. Its the kind of thing I wish WAY more arcadey games have, since I dug this kind of thing in games like Mario Tennis Power Tour for the GBA or Might & Magic: Clash of Heroes. Its super welcome to see Srikey Sister also frames its arcadey block-breaking action goodness in a mode like that :)Basically, Strikey Sisters delivers some big, BIG fun. It sports some really gorgeous faux 16-bit sprite art (no lo-fi, minimalist crap pixel art here!), and absolutely bleeds 90's Japanese game charm (the voiceover work even recalls charming 90's anime too!). Its also got some rocking chiptunes. This is just a really good design, whether you want some arcadey fun for a few hours or to just pick-up-and-play (and lose sometimes, and try again, and again, etc.).Strikey Sisters is an absolute Steam gem."
,Recommended,643880,32324560,Posted: 10 June,all,Turbo Tu-Tone,"I wasn't ready to actually care about the story, but the voice over really adds to the experience and makes it way more entertaining. Gameplay is solid, one of my most favorite brick breakers of this millenium so far. My only gripe is that levels can drag on a little bit longer than they should, because of the amount of bricks you need to break and enemies keeping you extra busy. That's the only reason why I didn't finish the game in one go, but it's still very enjoyable in shorter sessions! <3"
,Recommended,643880,32155177,Posted: 3 June,all,romanticmisery.,WHEREISTHESOUNDTRACK?This game's wonderful! Hop In!
,Recommended,643880,33152416,Posted: 2 July,all,Neferon,"Note: I've only played this game Co-opPro: This game does a great job of adding some intensity to the classic breakout formula. It's challenging, but after a little while you understand the flow of the game and the game works very well once you do. There's a lot of variation in both regular enemies and bosses. The art looks excellent.Con: I personally wasn't a fan of the cutscenes, but they're completely optional. So if that's not your thing, it doesn't get in the way of the action.Stats:Game Length: A few hours. (replayable)Difficulty: Challenging.Result: An excellent breakout game with more depth and (local) coop options, Strikey Sisters was exactly what I expected it to be. Well done, DYA Games."
76561197971371980,Recommended,643880,32494751,Posted: 16 June,all,triptych,"This game is a lot of fun. It's an Arkanoid clone meets Zelda style artwork. It's not easy either, but super fun! I love the voice acting and the production values are high."
76561198392444673,Recommended,643880,32268259,Posted: 8 June,all,samuel.w.lai,"So far so good! I've played this game for about an hour and have really enjoyed it. It really reminds me of old school games I used to play when I was younger. Really like the voice acting and music, it really adds that extra flair for the game's experience. Art and gameplay are nice (althought I've died a lot haha) and it shows a lot of work has been put into this game!"
76561198170505279,Recommended,643880,32280093,Posted: 8 June,all,Regulus,"Man, I loved this game! This is from the same Team that made Bot Vice which I also really enjoyed.The graphical style is similar with great pixel-art sprites and backgrounds. The gameplay is considerably different though. I found Bot Vice a bit more difficult too.This one is a breakout/arkanoid style game where you smack a ball back and forth to destroy blocks while also fighting enemies and dodging their attacks. The goal in regular stages is to destroy all the blocks and then the remaining enemies who will keep respawning, trying to kill you, so long as there are still blocks on screen. You actually hit the ball with a slashing attack so you can control its direction if you hit it at certain angles. You can also charge your slash to hit the ball faster and also use it to reflect most enemy attacks which is very usefull.Then there's a boss battle every so often where you only have to diminish the boss's health bar instead of destroying every block. Boss battles are alot of fun and can be a bit intense IMO. Some of them I had to retry quite a few times. lol.It has a light-hearted story with voiced cutscenes which I found amusing. The scenes are mostly before you fight one of the bosses.The soundtrack rocks too. I felt the need to pick it up off bandcamp almost immediately lol. They brought back the same guy that did Bot Vice's music.It's even got a 2 player local co-op mode which is great if you have a buddy to play with! I've tried it both ways and enjoyed playing solo just as much personally. The main game's story lasted me about 8 hours and it took me another 2-3 to go back and collect all the achievements. I imagine I'll be revisiting it every so often since it's fun to play in short bursts."
76561198041995956,Recommended,643880,33610039,Posted: 17 July,all,bahamut66,"A mixed bag of a breakout clone, but the sum of its parts ultimately makes it a good purchase.  DYA games tends to make very fun pixel games with an arcade feel and Strikey Sisters is no different. It has a nice, upbeat soundtrack, fun additions to the breakout gameplay with the spells and abilities added in, collectibles galore, and some truly interesting boss battles.  I also give the game credit for having full voice acting.  It is hit and miss in places, going at times too shrill anime, but...credit for trying, some of it is pretty fun.Now, the mixed bag part.  This is a breakout game through and through, which means it has all the frustrations of hitting a ball over and over again to try and kill the last enemy hiding in a corner or the last block hidden in a corner.  That is incredibly lame.  Also, while the abilities and additions are nice, there aren't enough evolutions to remove the frustration.  Likewise, it's annoying that some enemies can just hit the ball away or hide with their back to the wall to prevent you from advancing.  Finally, you can get multiple of the less fun upgrades, of which only about half are really enjoyable.  Also, despite having collectibles, aside from the bestiary, you can't tell how many emeralds you've got, keys, or whatever from each stage.  All you get is an arbitrary percentage marker.So, frustrations aside, do I recommend?  Well, yeah.  It's oozing with charm and if you like Breakout, you can do much worse.  Frankly, I like the arcade gameplay better than Wizorb or other Breakout contemporaries.  Buy it if you can deal with Breakout and all its issues because it's a pretty fun."
76561198059996401,Recommended,643880,33691365,Posted: 21 July,all,p!NkY,"Pros:-Excellent pixel work (actual SNES style)-Great soundtrack-Best played with another personCons:-Gameplay is a little stale after a while-Very slow paced near the end of a level-Can't cast spell and attack at the same timeLove DYA games, but this one runs a little too redundant for me. Hope they keep bringing out fun games!Overall: 6/10"
,Recommended,643880,32437900,Posted: 15 June,all,rokku,"After playing the excellent Bot Vice here on Steam, I was looking forward to seeing the developer DYA Games' next game. Now it's here, and while I think that Bot Vice is still the better game of the two, Strikey Sisters is worth checking out for anyone who's interested in retro action!Strikey Sisters is a pretty fun game that could be seen as a mix of action games and classic brick breaker style games.Your characters are stuck at the bottom of the playing field (can only move left and right), and your job is to destroy all bricks and monsters by using the ball that bounces around. You'll also find several power-ups and attack spells to help you. If the enemies get close enough, you can still also melee attack them. Just like in classic brick breaking games, you are not allowed to let the ball go off screen, you will lose health if you do, so you'll need to be careful to not let that happen.+ Fun gameplay+ Good pixel art+ Good music+ Two player co-op+ Funny story and dialog that doesn't take itself too seriously. Cutscenes also have voice acting. It is not always that great, but at least the main characters' voice actresses did a very good job. I'm actually really glad that the devs decided to have voice acting both in this game and Bot Vice, because it just gives the game so much personality!+ Generally it's a polished game, just what I would expect from DYA games!- Can get repeative after playing a while- There can be moments when the ball is bouncing around in the back of the stage for a long times before it comes back to you, and meanwhile you don't really have much to do. It can also get frustrating when there is one unbroken brick left at some tricky location and you keep hitting the ball for a long time until you finally get it broken"
,Recommended,643880,33340980,Posted: 7 July,all,"Kattanaita,","A perfect throwback to the SNES/Genesis era with a simple, but fun premise. It is so addicting! It brings a very fun spin to brick breaker games, adding a little bit o strategy to it. I also appreciate that you can do co-op in the main campaign as well (as opposed to being restricted to only a 2 player mode like some other retro games I played recently) making this game tons of fun to spend hours on end playing with a friend.If you do not have a local friend to play with, the single player is equally fun, if not a bit more challenging, as you have twice the area to cover with a single character.Getting this one was a very nice surprise, and I'm glad I decided to give it a try! Such a fun game with lots of charm. ♥"
,Recommended,643880,32162031,Posted: 3 June,all,6_Demon_bag,"It took me 8 hours to finish this game (not 100% it) and I loved every minute of it, the moment I bought it I played it every day until I had finished it. The key word for this game and all DYA games is 'solid', every aspect of this game be it gameplay, music, graphics or whatever is just solid. If you are looking for a great brick breaker game on Steam then this should be at the top of your list."
,Recommended,643880,32785307,Posted: 25 June,all,tearfromthered,Excellent puzzle game with a taste of rpg and a lot of nostalgia
76561198184947901,Recommended,643880,32325020,Posted: 10 June,all,Janosai,Arkanoid + anime plot.Fun gameplay and cute dialogue.10/10 would strike/smash sisters.
,Recommended,643880,32723386,Posted: 24 June,all,DadouXIII,A great 2 player brick buster with a twist :)
76561198044945648,Recommended,643880,32528638,Posted: 17 June,all,TheCheetoBandito,"Strikey Sisters is, at it's core, a simple brick breaking arcade game. But the package it's wrapped in as well as lots of neat little features make it something special.The story is simple, retro video game faire. Two witch sisters lose their beloved pet and go about beating up monsters all over a fantasy kingdom to find him. It's very goofy and doesn't take itself seriously at all, which is just fine. Reminds you of something you would see in a 90's game.The dialogue is fully voiced over to mixed results. The two sisters, as well as many of the characters, are enjoyable but many of them deliver lines with unusual pronunciation or tone. One jarring case is when a character's name is pronounced completely differently by two different characters. Another is when an actor's dialogue is clearly supposed to be interrupted but they finished their line as a complete sentence. I also learned that one actor played all the male characters. While that's a neat credit to have and some of his performances are fine, several are also weak and I think he was stretched too thin.At the end of the day, the gameplay is what matters and that's where Strikey Sisters shines! You move back and forth to knock a ball up and break blocks like many classic arcade games. What makes this stand out is you play in an arena full of monsters that hamper your progress. Some are simply obstacles while others attack you in interesting ways. Killing these monsters give you a variety of power ups that either enhance your ball, yourself, or affect monsters in some way. Bosses also keep things fresh and are often invincible from the front, so you must get creative in how you'll defeat them.The simplest little feature that makes all the difference is your attack button. This one button allows you greater control of your ball's trajectory than most brick breakers. Not only that, you can use it to attack enemies close by. Not only that, you can use it to block enemy attacks. Not only THAT, you can charge your attack to hit your ball with greater force that breaks blocks and kill enemies faster. NOT ONLY THAT, your charged attack can deflect enemy projectiles. which is incredibly helpful for taking down bosses! It's a beautiful example of simple innovation. I love it when games can make one little feature very robust and useful. I think of the jump button in Downwell.Being that the gameplay is very simple, I find it a good thing that the game isn't overly long. I beat it (not 100%) in about 5 hours, and there's still unlockable levels and a bestiary to complete! I often found myself meaning to only sit down for a level or two, then found myself totally sucked in. I also found the difficulty to be fair and steadily increases throughout the story.The entire game has a beautiful, pixelated esthetic and is supported by catchy synth tunes! There aren't a ton of tracks but enough for the map, cutscenes, levels and boss fights and they get the job done! The entire game gave me a lot of nostalgic, warm fuzzy feelings!Overall, I highly enjoyed Strikey Sisters throughout. While I do have some production qualms, the game does exactly what it sets out to do beautifully. Credit also has to go out to the two brothers who made it. You guys created an excellent product that you both should be very proud of and you're officially on my radar now. This game is incredibly solid and, if you take everything you learn from the feedback, your next game should be fantastic. Great work to you both, and everyone else involved!"
,Recommended,643880,32794528,Posted: 25 June,all,Moonmadness,"A nice take on Breakout. I like the side quests like collecting monsters and gems and unlocking secret levels.A couple boss battles are pretty hard and frustrating to 100% (like the one with the devil girl), but overall the game is fair and can be finished in 6-7 hours."
,Recommended,643880,34359291,Posted: 19 August,all,DeafPereira,"Hello, after beating this game (with all achievement) and I read I will review if I like this game.Of course, I will review, because I love this game.This game has a style of Arkanoid but there lot stuff to do, like a catch all "" Pokemon "", scout all maps, get all gems, etc... this very long to beat games, now I will talk aboutProsandcons:Pros:Story- The story is understandable and is easy to read that what happens about this game is not confused.Art- The pixels and arts are so beautiful is a reminder from Snes 90s but is very nice. Is cute to watch.Characters- Those characters, bosses, and an enemy are pretty cute, voice acting is nice when they talking some a  funnies, angry, etc.... sometimes I laugh.Soundtrack and sound- The sound look good and the song pretty awesome, there no hate all list, the guy who did the song from this game call Dominic Ninmark, should check him in Bandcamp, those songs are very good.Control- the control is 100% flow there no problemCons:I dont know is bug or not.Some bosses sometimes they will go very near you, if you kill him by sword or ball, he die but if you try to pass him you get hit and die and the game will start again. The good example that Boss of cat (Nabel) she will jump on you if you made hit her same time, she down and you just happy because you defeat her but if you try to pass her you die and restart again.Can you if you defeat those bosses that characters should be invincible (this happen me 4 time)Is this game worth in your library?Yes this game is Arkanoid, style art Snes 90s, lot stuff and is very good 9/10I hope DYA Games get famous and popular, all your games is awesome.My English is not good but I trying to write lolGo guys PLAY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,643880,32262698,Posted: 8 June,all,Losian Rooke,"Altogether this is a pretty cute slight twist on a brick-breaker style game.Two things stand out as not-so-great, though.There is a ""power attack"" where you hold the button to charge, but releasing does not attack.. an entirely second button press is necessary and constantly mashing and holding and tapping was kinda un-intuitive from what one would expect from normal gameplay tendencies and design.. not a huge one, but it was oddly annoying.Second, the voice overs are incredibly unnecessary and downright annoying/bad. All of it is constant and lame pop-culture, fourth-wall breaking, etc.  Which isn't bad in and of itself, but bosses, for example, say their one or two ""hilarious"" references EVERY TIME they use an attack. The little bits of story are delivered via dialog and cutscenes of sorts, and is decently done, but so tacky and 'humor' focused that I just skipped it.Honestly without the attempted humor that falls flat I'd recommend this more strongly, and all in all it's my feeling that it takes away from the game rather than add to it.Sometimes there are too many projectiles and moving bits on screen such that the ball becomes utterly lost, but overall it's pretty fun. I'd liken it to Wizorb and that sorta thing. I didn't try the local co-op, but that's an option.Ultimately I'd recommend it for what it does well - a pretty tightly controlled block breaker with a few twists - spells, attacks (you can charge-up and reflect enemy attacks, giving you more options to break/damage than just the ball(s)), even if the game is hindered a bit by a super over-the-top and bad attempt at humor, unnecessary voice overs that don't add anything, and the same tired, overdone constant barrage of stupid pop culture - repeated every few seconds by each boss to the point of ad nauseum."
76561198070078489,Recommended,643880,34744032,Posted: 4 September,all,Sonny,"Strikey Sisters is simple, fun and it is visually appealing.  It also has the most precious and cute sound effects.  There is a good amount of gameplay if you try and complete ever level and beat every boss.  I like that it is challenging in both 1 and 2 player mode.  When I play 2 players, its funny when one of us hits our ball to the other players side of the screen and we start yelling at eachother like ""Hey, get my ball."" or ""Why do you keep hitting your ball too my side."" or the classic, ""You keep getting us killed.""  DYA GAMES has done it once again.  10/10"
,Recommended,643880,34385412,Posted: 20 August,all,Pro Tricky Towers Player,"So far into the game, I can definitely recommend it. It plays like a more complicated and engaging version of Atari Breakout. It has most of the pros and cons of a brick breaker, meaning that I'd recommmend it to people who already enjoy the genre.Pros:- Quick-paced and keeps you on your toes with enemies and lots of collectibles- Great amount of enemy variety and powerups that all do different things- AWESOME graphical style- Difficulty options- Lots of levels to play through- Good sense of accomplishment after beating every levelCons:- Though it is unavoidable in the genre, the endgame of each level can last for a long time. The game does compensate for this with some of its powerups.- There is no real acknowledgement for finishing levels/collecting things on a higher difficulty. Some people might be incentivized to play on the easiest mode the whole time (which I wouldn't imagine to be too much easier, because I'd think it would make levels take longer+there would be less powerups; probably mroe of a ""beginner"" mode). The normal difficulty is recommended, and it is is what I'm going to play with the whole time, but it would be nice to have some sort of incentive to play on the higher difficulty.It's still a lot more fun than most games, and it's worth the price."
,Recommended,643880,32260473,Posted: 7 June,all,Ithurtswhen_ipee,"the game devs have fuixed the bug so your ball is more accurate to how you shot it by angle.  ty devs.about my only complaint, more nit picks really, is that sometimes the ball is just gone boincign around for logn periods of time so youre waiting for it to come back... and the voice acting while concicting, feels it couldve been done better but eh as i said, nit picks.really hoping and wishing this game gets multiplayer coop, playing alone really makes me wish i had another player due to item/spell drops and ball upgrades, coins too are hard to collect on your onw wihtout distracting yourself form the ball.overall though, amazing game.  had tons of fun with it so far and seemingly endless creativity each level"
,Recommended,643880,33303793,Posted: 6 July,all,Dragoslove,Do you like breakout?
76561198276369974,Not Recommended,643880,34093943,Posted: 7 August,all,IHasERER,"i want to say that i love this game, i really do but i just cant get over how bored i was playing the game, now i will say this, no i didn’t play this game to completion but i did play at least an hour and that normally would be enough to give em a good idea of how much i would like it.Things I Liked: I LOVE the way DYA games does pixel art and the music is absolutely great as well, the cheesy voice acting is always great and yes, i did love the character designs within the game and lastly the simple story is always great.Things I Didn’t Like: The Game Is SO SLOW! if is in fact an arkanoid like block breaking game at heart but the difference is that arkanoid has progressively increasing ball speed, power-ups that are fun and useful and a great game feel. this game has half of one of these, the power-ups are kind of fun but they aren’t really that useful, the ball keeps it's slow pace and there is even a power-up that slows the ball down even more and the enemies are not intimidating or even a challenge what so ever, and lastly my biggest issue is the character game feel, the characters just aren’t very fun to move around and they feel like they just feel like they are moving around in jelly.i feel that if this game had maybe a little more depth to it and some more challenging enemies along with some sort of dynamic way of moving along with a quicker ball and a few more power-ups this could have been way better.like i said, i really wanted to like this game i really did but i just couldn't and hey, this game has 40 positive reviews so that must mean that some people could find something to love that i just couldn't"
