user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,645630,33958229,Posted: 1 August,all,[RW]haighyorkie,"This game shouldnt have shipped the way it did, lets be honest, but it did. I played it, realised it was buggy as hell and then stopped, figuring i'd leave it a few days and see if a patch was brought out by that time. I came back and not one patch but 4 were released in such a small space of time. Kudos to the developers for the quick patches. I'm very disappointed that people decided to slate the game itself and put horrendous reviews of the game based on just the bugs at day one. You are all entitled to put reviews like that but the reviews stick, the developers should have known this, but months down the line when it's streamlined and bug free those reviews will still be there and it's slightly unfair, especially given the amount of patches in the few days its been.Personally I feel that this game (after the bug fixes) has improved massively on the last one and while it's true that it can get to feel very samey its a bloody simulator, dont see you moaning about the fact you have to drive from A to B on Euro Trucks now do I? That's the same all through the game. It's added new steps into repairing your car, new tools to use to make this happen and, my favourite, a barn find which you can pick up old classics and restore them to their full glory! There's a skill system that's much better than previous games. Whilst things can still improve with the game over time, i'm more than happy at picking this little gem up for just £14, that#'s nothing for a game nowadays and I feel people forget the amount of hours you can get from this type of game and for what it costs you per hour of gameplay you paid for it. I've only played 4 hours at the moment, that's £3.50 per hour of enjoyment...I'm about to play many more, great value for money!"
,Recommended,645630,34030287,Posted: 4 August,all,Crees,"I love the game, I do have a few suggestions if they will ever be read...1. Engine Swaps2. Crate Motors (buyable from the store)3. Able to drive the car around the city4. Able to buy new cars5. Turbos6. Performance parts as well as the regular parts7. Able to sell your car at auction8. Drag RacesI understand some of these will probably be implemented at some point, but I was kind of disappointed to rebuild my Dodge Challenger with all new parts and only be able to drive it around the rest track."
,Recommended,645630,34781394,Posted: 6 September,all,-=BTG=- Delta,"So, seeing all the bad reviews forces me to make a review myself.Devs work HARD on patching all the stuff they did wrong at the start, pumping new content and fixing bugs every other day. That's a definitive plus, you rarely see as much work being done even on an early access games.There is a lot of stuff to do, the ingame progress feels a bit slow though, so it can be a bit tedious to level up. But overall it's a fine puzzle game and it definitively is worth every buck spent.I wish they had some kind of mini-game built in for repairing the car body, at the moment it's just: click - BAM - you're done.Don't bother reading old reviews, just get the game and try it out for yourself, you'll be surprised how good the game actually is."
,Recommended,645630,33896687,Posted: 29 July,all,StressedSnowAragon,"First off, anyone who has purchased this game as at least looked at or has played CMS 2015. Now there are a lot of negative reviews floating around at the current time, but if you look at the dicussion boards for CMS 2018; you'll notice that the developers are doing their absolute best to resolve issues and get things patched up as quickly as possible to make CMS 2018 game a few hundred times better than CMS 2015.There's a lot of things you can do with the game, barn finds, junk yard, repairs of course, rebuilds, etc. Pretty much anything that you could do in CMS 2015, you can do in CMS 2018. But Red Dot has definitely added a hell of a lot more features than there originally were.I recommend this game on the basis that I loved CMs 2015, and I know everything will be worked out; even if it takes a couple days.10/10 would be frustrated again."
,Recommended,645630,34891619,Posted: 11 September,all,Mavadelo,"First of all, I am a gamer, not a mechanic. My knowledge of cars and engines is reaching as far as ""I know what a BMW looks like"" , my knowledge of racing cars is ""I am a huge Max Verstappen and RBR fan"" So my review is in that light. If you are someone that knows cars this review migt not be for you.My start in this game was a bit like I had with No Man's Sky. I discovered it by accident on release day due to a twitch stream, liked what I saw and shortly thereafter bought the game not knowing about any hype, prmises or whatever. So based on that fact........ This is one of the most relaxing games in my library. I have loads of fun dismanteling and rebuilding scrap cars. I have 2 profiles, one for ""story mode"" (blue missions following some sort of story line) and one for mod carsMod cars... oh boy how quickly have they appeared. Porsche, Ferrari, Aston Martin, Abbarth, Mini heck even a McLaren and a Ford GT40 and a couple of Mustangs... all are already available in the modding forum and eas to install and use. Some awesome work has been done by a group of about 5 modders so far and the quality is fairly high. Visually stunning but sometimes a few little bugs are present... which they fix quickly I might add. Those modders are on top of thingsAs for Red Dot, they are working and working hard. Since release most bugs have been ironed out, a new track has been added as well as a Salon (to buy new cars, not sure why you want to do that but when modders couldn't add their parts to the shop it was the only way to obtain bodyparts for their cars)Some functions are currently still missing. the Dyno shop (don't ask me, no idea what that is) and Steam Workshop are in the pipeline, same goes for photomode. Judging by how often Red Dog gives us patches... that won't take moths, maybe a few weeks tops.Music, I forgot almost about the radio. As far as I can see in the credits, all the music is royalty free. That would mean that youtubers can use the ingame music without issue and there are some really good songs in there (addinng to the ""relaxed"" feel of the game.If you are a bit like me and like simulattor games, don't want all kind of management and just want to create nice things without having to go to M.I.T I can recommend this game. If you want action and suspence and fast great driving and such... might I suggest Dirt Rally?despite the bugs that are still there and the missing features... 8/10 ... depending on how these are fixed/implemented this grade can either rise or drop"
76561198186755578,Recommended,645630,33858416,Posted: 28 July,all,FH-Divinci,"*REVIEW ADJUSTED*I don't want to give this a bad review due to there always being slight issues on first launch, plus i have faith in this game getting issues fixed quickly and becoming the game we have been waiting for, for so long.Some may be thinking, Hey it's the 21st century and games shouldnt be having issues on release day by now but♥♥♥♥♥♥♥happens what can you do about it?So glad that this is finally out, But.... there is always a but unfortuntely when games first release.I must say the game looks absolutely supurb on ultra settings but i also must say it has some minor bugs currently stopping me from finishing some jobs like not accepting that i have drained and refilled the oil and also not letting me put the brake calipers back on.From the get go i had a few black screens trying to launch the game where i could not do anything resulting in Alt+F4's and then when i did finally get in to the tutorial part of the game, it freezes whenever i discover something new or when i pop the hood of the mint condition car and then try to get out of it i am met with another black screen resulting in another force close. hopefully a quick patch fixes this becuase i am so dam keen!!Will adjust my review when i can put some decent play time in upon fixes*EDIT*Ok so after getting through the tutorial and into my own garage the game is running way better and looking supurb on ultra settings.Not sure why there was such a problem with the tutorial and it's optimisationI ended up just going straight for a test drive to finish the tutorial which seemed to work fine so i suggest people try that.But i also do suggest not buying it currently if you are one that takes new release bugs to heart and jumps up and down in a fit, if you are patient and dont mind playing how it is now, sure grab it.Hope this helps"
76561197976449328,Not Recommended,645630,33887102,Posted: 29 July,all,Thunder86,"What a letdown...Okay so I have to first say I loved the two previous installments of car mechanic simulator. This one is a major letdown.I had promised I wouldn't take the 1 week delay into account, but considering the rest of the game, I feel like I don't have a choice...Let's start with the pros:GraphicsGraphics in this game are absolutely gorgeous. CMS15 was already pretty nice, but they overdid themselves with the graphics on this one. I'll give it a solid 9/10 for the graphicsCar VarietyI don't know how many cars were in the other two games, I never really looked at the whole list, but I felt like I'd always see the same cars. I haven't seen all the cars from CMS18 yet, but already I feel like the selection is way nicer. The only thing I would have hoped is to have real cars instead of cars looking similar to real life cars. I know there are some, but it's not the majority of cars that are real cars. I guess it's a matter of getting the rights from the manufacturers, and it's not the game's fault, but still. I'll give it a 8/10 on car selection.now here are the cons:gameplayWhile the gameplay is similar to the previous version of the game, the pie chart menu is horrible. It makes everything so much slower, and breaks the pace of the game in my opinion. I do think some options make sense to be in there, but I just don't like the way it's been implemented as a wholeAlso, when it comes to options... this game has none. It has basic graphics options, and volume options. That it. No way to turn on the hardcore mode (or whatever it was called) from CMS15, so that you don't always see what parts prevent you from removing a part, which makes the game too arcady in my opinion.Other than that, it's of course similar to CMS15. I'll give this one a 5/10 simply because I feel like this should be an upgrade from the previous one, not a downgrade. It isn't all that bad, but it shoulda been a upgrade, and it's not.now for the fun part...Game Stability / bugsI'll just start with the score. This is a 0/10. Literally. First car I've worked on I managed not to have problems with. Then I take a second order... move the car to the lift... lift the car... and poof. the car disappears. It's just gone... Now out of luck, I didn't have time to spend money on it before it disappeared because that would of made me FURIOUS.So I take another order... complete it. Fine. another one, and right after I was done with it... black screen. The game was still working, I could hear my steps and the pie menu opening and closing... so I tried to remember where was the save functions from it... Somehow I though it was the bottom option, then the upper-right uption. Sadly, it was the top option, not the upper-right. Turned out I was a bit too much on the right and I loaded a save from the very beginning. Loosing 3-4 cars worth of work.I was furious. but no matter, started working on some more cars... and at dome point, game crashed. lel.Some other bugs I encountered, when you try to sort stuff in the inventory, the menu has orange text on orange background... wtf. When you miss parts on a car when trying to complete the order, it says you are missing part {0}. Seriously guys. Have you even tested your game??? congratulations, you have displayed the index of the part from it's collection. I mean that is just basic stuff...I mean the game was supposed to be out a week ago. TWO HOURS before it came out, it was delayed for a week. And then when it came out a week later, the game has more bugs than features. The game came out yesterday, and the bug reporting thread has currently over 3000 messages. Yes, THREE THOUSANDS messages. in less than 24 hours. You'd thing they would have used that week to re-test everything and stabilize the game... I guess they used that week to play with their weinners instead.And that is not talking about the HORRIBLE email support of the company, with that super rude guy that cannot even talk english properly.So yeah. Very unhappy with the new CMS18. I'll give it an overall score of 5/10, thanks to the nice graphics. If it weren't for those, I would have given it a 3/10 maximum. I'm sure they'll fix the bugs eventually, but this is just completely unprofesionnal... You will encounter bugs by playing normally within 2-3 minutes. How did the QA department let that pass? It is beyond me. I'm programmer in real life, and if I ever deliver something that buggy, I loose my job. Just saying..."
76561198207306637,Recommended,645630,33982035,Posted: 2 August,all,Hashemi,"BUY THIS GAME WHILE ON SALEEverybody needs to seriously get off their high horse,,,,,The devs are working really hard on fixing the bugs,. So what if the game is buggy, its not like they will ignore their work and move on from this project. in just the span of 3 days they made 7 patches, thats beyond any other AAA buggy games out there. things will get way better.buy the game while its on sale, trust me, you wont regret it. the game is getting a lot better now."
76561198027854060,Not Recommended,645630,34250119,Posted: 14 August,all,twistedmelon,"Edit 1:  The following review was written in response to reaching ""endgame"" and finding my goal didn't exist, opening with addendum followed by ----- divider to original.Additions to the review.  I want to point out that there is interest in how the vehicles performance varies during test track and race course settings.  From braking with good vs failed or no ABS, the tires, etc.  One aspect I do love is suspension.  The cars acts quite well when suspension components are failing or failed to the point where I can sort of tell which is bad from the test drive.As other reviews say, there is a bit of zen to it.  That said, I still cannot really recommend the game as the game doesn't challenge the player to find it outside of, at most, a where's waldo for some part you overlooked inspecting.  This would be fine (for myself) if I was able to turn off the game having a list of every bad undiscovered part and left it to me to choose, or if/when the following is rectified.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------I do not recommend this game.  Why?Summary, the trailers, footage and vid are blatant lies to try and sell.  The video sells it as modding, and working on ol vehicles, seeking and salvaging.  But going to tell you now, you can go to spawn points and get old cars, but that is where the honesty of the video ends.After that, you are limited to whatever the junker is pre-set with for configuration.  You cannot be swapping turbos or superchargers onto it, or putting some new engine in.  Nope.  Game consists of dismantle, buy shopping list, and reassemble the exact same way.  Though you can choose your seats, steering wheels, and tire/wheel combo.Overall, it really is a grind game.  All my time playing, looking forward to getting and upgrading cars.  Being teased as small unlocks comes and a market full of goodies.  But as a player, it isn't of any value.  You are entirely at the RNG of what wrecks the game generates for you.On top of that, you cannot even sell your restored car in the auction.  Trailer shows car being taken to auction, and mystery of what you will get for profit.  Auction in game is actually only a buying tool to get nice cars.  When and if you fix something up, the selling consists of right click and selecting sell.  No excitement or interest.To give an idea of how restricted the customization is, the V8 engine has two choices of valve covers listed.  Default and black.  You cannot even swap that.  Fully locked to a build.So overall, I have to give it a no.  I was tolerant of bugs, and that they were putting out rapid bug fixes for critical errors, but I will not forgive nor recommend a game where the entire advert is not representative of what you do in game.  I am not talking about cinema vs gameplay, but what is shown does not exist at all.Yes, I have time in the game.  But save your money.  For the cost of this game, there are many better simulators that you will get more hours and enjoy your time a lot more if you spent it there instead."
76561197968810837,Recommended,645630,33977748,Posted: 2 August,all,Reese's Penises,"Long time fan of the series here.  Pretty much every initial release had bugs and optimization issues.  If you are patient (very rare with typical whiny gamers these days) then you will be rewarded with a perfectly fine game after some patching.I haven't encountered any major bugs, or even minor ones so far.  The only thing I would gripe about is some interface and control decisions that were made, but I'm sure they'll work on that soon.  Performance is fine on my 1080ti at 1440p.Go ahead and click the ""no"" button below to let out that anguish."
,Not Recommended,645630,34419596,Posted: 22 August,all,Nox,"This is the best game you should ever put on your wishlist and not buy right now.Soon, but not right now.Tons of bugs, missing features (even ones promised, and highlighted in the intro), and a 'rpg' system which is a nonstop godawful grind of replacing brakes 1000 times before you can do bodywork (meanwhile being offered bodywork missions)There are a lot of upsides - much of the game has enormous potential but I cannot recommend it in the state it is in right now."
76561198001375976,Recommended,645630,34994039,Posted: 16 September,all,Skyline,"Pros:+ Very detailed and realistic, id say its about 60-70% accurate in comparison to reality. (I am a mechanic myself)+You learn a lot about cars+ If you're a car enthusiast, or simply likes to remove and remount parts, you'll love this game.+ Expansions like paintshop, bigger garage with more vehicle-lifts and junkyard+barns is very good update from CMS 15.Cons:- Demanding game, barely getting steady Frames even on optimal settings.- That ""shopping"" list is somewhat useless, what I do myself is take picture with my phone on the list provided after you found everything wrong, and then go to the shop. It would be better if all parts you needed automatically adds into list then you just simply go to shop when you're finished removing all bad parts, but maybe thats part of the challenge.- Takes a long time to finally get your paintshop, and all good skill-tree upgrades. Currently level 27 after around 30 hours of gameplay, need level 30 for paintshop. But this also is a good think because it would get boring way too fast like in CMS 15. And that brings me to my other con, which is that the game gets boring after you've done everything you can, but that is also part of Single-Player games. Maybe a future DLC coming with something interesting?Do I recommend this game? Absolutely, its a must have for every car enthusiast and car mechanic out there. Very reasonable priced aswell."
,Recommended,645630,34118791,Posted: 8 August,all,GlitchedSmurf,"I see many negative reviews and some have great points and some are down right ""wtf are you talking about?"". Let me say I got the game being skeptical if I was going to like it... I am very happy I purchaed though. As of the time of writing this I have yet to encounter a bug except for accidently sending a car to the test track via radial menu when it had no oil pan so it could not get back to the garage.  Many people have complained about said radial menu and to that end I have had 0 issues getting used to it and using it there have been 0 complaints out of me in this department... If you want a game that the developers care about and fix there mistakes rapidly and will keep you hopelessly addicted this is a great title... 8.5/10"
76561198084925384,Recommended,645630,33859854,Posted: 28 July,all,Macdo__,i see all these negative reviews. and i do see where they are coming from. unfortunately. they didnt seem to give the game a chance. heres an ACTUAL review of more than 2 mins of gameplay. the tutorial is broken. thats the only thing everyone is reviewing here. its VERY laggy in the tutorial and will occasinally crash while walking around discovering things. there is a way around this. all you have to do is turn around. go back out and test drive the car to finish the tutorial. after that the gameplay is completely smooth and havent had a problem yet. alternitively. they added alot of features. game is pretty cool so far. but they do need to patch the tut.
76561198050076922,Recommended,645630,34159664,Posted: 10 August,all,hotskyliner34,"""What a game""I bought Car mechanic simulator 2018 as soon as i was able, i had played all of its predecessors and enjoyed every moment of them. but this iteration...blows them out of the water.Anyone reading this that has not yet made the move has nothing to worry about, most of the ""game breaking bugs"" have been quickly ironed out and there are patches daily bringing an ever better game play experience every time you log on.The worst time i had was close to release i had spent a good hour or so restoring a car, just for the game to freeze as i was about to sell it and i lost everything.... But i play star citizen so my soul has developed an immunity to crushing. Thinking of the wise words of Will Leverett - I picked my self up out of the fetal position that i had curled up into on the floor and said to my self ""deal with it"" ""they will patch it soonTM"" And they did - and what a game! now that i have hit level 30 with my new paint shop etc i can sit back relax and build up my garage with some shiny new cars.If you are intrigued enough about this game that your travels have led you the these reviews then you should basically buy the game i doubt you will regret the decision."
76561198356201220,Recommended,645630,34676926,Posted: 1 September,all,ForeTean,"Dont be scared away by the bad reviews. I am so glad that i overlooked the terrible reviews written about this game. People say its awful and totally broken but those reviews were written right as it came out, this game has released new updates and patches almost every day since release. This game is growing and hopefully will continue, i 100% reccomend it for the price and it is a great game to pass the time."
76561198118027754,Not Recommended,645630,33937514,Posted: 31 July,all,Psilent,"I never write reviews but I thought potential buyers deserve to know why I'm writing one now. This game is a full release, not open beta or early access, so keep that in mind while reading this.First off the game feels like a carbon copy of cms2015 with a couple steps forward but even more steps backward. There are a few things that make the game easier like the cursor locking to the bolt you're working on so you don't accidently move off of it until it's done but those improvements are overshadowed by the negatives. A few negatives being that the whole radial menu UI thing is very clunky and awkward to use, the motion of walking takes a second to ramp up so when you are trying to make small adjustments to your position it makes it difficult, the auto zooming view when removing or installing a part is extreme in that it zooms you in or out way too far to make it comfortable to work on and the auto zoom can't be turned off.Now on to bugs and glitches. There are way too many to be a final release. Did they even play test their own game? 10 hours in my save game corrupted and won't load anymore. Several times during play there were situations where I couldnt select specific parts and it would highlight parts behind or inside of the part I was aiming for. I had to save and reload the game each time this happened as it was pretty game breaking. Some cars had tachometer needles going in the completely wrong direction when accelerating in the test track. When taking wheels off the car the lug nuts sometimes would be facing backward (head toward the car, not head toward me) or they wouldn't even come close to lining up with the rims. The drive shaft would sometimes do the same thing. Eventually I got to a car with an engine that was completely untargetable (real word?). You couldn't remove anything because you couldn't highlight them to click on. Some part names were file names instead of real part names like ""engine_part_15"" or something like that. Some parts didn't show pictures, it was just solid white. Sometimes clicking on the barn on the travel map didn't do anything even though it highlighted and showed clickable. The tool box skills reset button doesn't say anywhere that it costs 6 or 7k dollars so that lost me some money. Sometimes clicking ""exit to menu without saving"" actually DOES save the game when you go to reload it again. It is all VERY frustrating to deal with.Now I know the devs are working on fixing these issues but for the first time in my life I've requested a refund on a game I purchased. It is not a final release. It's not even close to a final release. I have seen alpha games with more polish and less bugs than this. The devs do not deserve my money and this is me sending them that message. Get your sh** together."
,Not Recommended,645630,33858085,Posted: 28 July,all,Knugen,"Quick and effective reviewI do not recommend it as it is now, since its extremley unoptimized.I have a GTX 980Tii7 6700k 4.20Ghz16GB RAMAnd I get very low FPS on Ultra and High  (20.- 40 fps)AlsoMouse acceleration that cannot be turned offKind of blurry graphics overallAnd let me tell you, that is almost the worst, PlayWay has not finished this game since when a few specific cars get into the garage, the whole screen becomes black and you cannot do ANYTHING except Alt+F4BUT, to be honest I still am looking forward very much when all the issues is gone, and I am very sure that I will change this to recommended review after the FPS issues is gone, and a few minor fixes/bugfixing is madeEven more as more game time is spent,A few hours into the game and gained some levels, starting up the game all the progress was just GONE.I HAVE REFUNDED THE GAME.MY REVIEW WILL NOT BE UPDATED, TAKE WITH CAUTION"
76561197968932681,Recommended,645630,34250658,Posted: 15 August,all,Sickness,"Ok guys, I have been a professional auto tech for over 30 years and enjoyed CMS 2014/2015 once I saw they were going to this level i was very happy and couldn't wait until it came out, Granted like all games, there were some growing pains and I have been patient for the fixes and they came, so far its version 1.2.0 so 20 patches it shows, they game is fun and takes up my time spent with it very well. I have spent over 60 hours playing the game so far have had some issues but its nothing to gripe about and so far nothing has been a deal breaker for me, as for the complainers that say the game is unplayable, I am running an amd 955 quad core 12G of ddr3 and a GTX660 2g that has a custom bios and is water cooled but this game is very playable at medium and high settings. Almost every game that hits the market (AAA and indie alike) has issues with optimization out of the box but it is always something that gets addressed as I am sure this will be. I can say with honesty that this game is well worth the money as well as worth the time you will put into it and it will only get better.Thank you to the Dev's and coders that have put in the time to help fix the issues as nothing can be 100% debugged prior to release and people shouldnt expect it to be, so thank you for your tireless effort to make our gaming experience better with every patch.P.S. to all the early release complainers, try alpha and beta testing games or apps, i have had to reinstall operating systems many times because of something coded just so that it will cause a catastrophic event or crash. trust me, this is easy."
76561197993634920,Recommended,645630,34069789,Posted: 6 August,all,NosferatuNL,"Argh, I saw the movie then the pictures. Got hyped bought it, then read the reviews about how the game made a sort of false start. How it was a buggy / crashy mess best avoided for now. But also that the devs had allready apologized and started pumping out patches.The next day, I deceided to start it up. And hope for the best. Well not a single crash or bug so far.It's my first Car Mechanic Sim, but I am seriously enjoying it so far. Just wish there was a simple way of ordering the parts I need. Also havent figured out the Shop's wish list yet. It could just be the feature I am looking for, but not knowing how to use it yet.I am not one for early reviews, but I have seen how negative ones can destory a willing dev. So ignore the negativity if you like what you see on the store page, for as far as I can tell all of that is in the game ;)"
,Not Recommended,645630,33861534,Posted: 28 July,all,Joe Dirt,"I think this type of unfinished release is unacceptable. I doubt that the game was delayed for “2 language issues” or whatever. This game is clearly unfinished and steam was probably very hesitant to release it. This game should have been released as an early access title. There are so many issues that I really don’t know where to start so I will just start…-First off, PlayWay was begging for people to not rate their game negatively because of the delay. Too bad everyone is rating negatively because the game in an unfinished state…-Horrendous optimization for all PC specs. Mine areGPU- Evga 980 TI SC,CPU- I7-4790k,Ram- 16gb Ballistix Sport,MotherBoard- Gigabyte Z97X-Lack of any graphical settings except resolution, “graphics quality – low, medium, high, ultra”, fullscreen, and VSYNC….-Lack of any changeable settingsAT ALL… Game settings – you can change the language, Audio settings – you can change music and game volume. Also you can turn ambient sounds, yes or no.-Profiles do not work to my understanding-You can only load your last save game ever-There is absolutely no direction in this game-Very poor driving FOV withNOFOV settings-No Crouch toggle...-Graphics are poor, just fuzzy and reflective to say the least-COUNTLESS AMOUNTS OF BUGS!-Mouse acceleration that cannot be turned off or adjusted-Horrible UI and “pie wheel” system-Achievements are yet to work for me- And the “apply” and “back” options are not capitalized and it triggers me-I am sure that I am missing more but I don’t want to spend all day ranting about a bad $20 game.I am hopeful that PlayWay and RedDot can fix this game because CMS 14 – 15 were way better quality than this.With that said,I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME IN ITS CURRENT STATE!I will not be refunding though, because I am hopeful!EDIT 7/30/2017:After three brutal hours of trying to push past the bad to see the good in this game, I finally got to the point where I realized that this game’s degree of unfinished is way too far past the point of being able to ignore the bad and remain hopeful for future improvements.THIS GAME IS UNFINNISHED IN EVERY SENSE! STEER CLEAR OF THIS GAME PERIOD!The amount of work that needs to be done to fix this game surpasses the abilities these developers are capable of. There are so many loose ends, game breaking bugs, and full on major parts of the game unusable due to how broken and unfished this game is. I retract my previous statement “I will not be refunding though, because I am hopeful!”…. I refunded with more than 2 hours and steam accepted the request.In short,THIS GAME IS HOPELESS AND THE DEVELOPERS DO NOT CARE!!! UNACCEPTABLE IN EVERY ASPECT!!!If you are looking for a CMS game, 14 – 15 are actually playable and decent for the most part."
76561197975746066,Recommended,645630,34246325,Posted: 14 August,all,Deathdealerdoc,"I waited a few days after release because of all the bad reviews at launch. I finally gave in once it looked like they had ironed out most of the launch day bugs and Ive had a great time with the game so far. A few little bugs here and there but generally speaking its been pretty solid.I run at sixty fps with a i7 1070 combo at 1,920x1,080 on the higest setting. (Car salon area runs a little rough)Launch day DLC annoys me but its for licensed brands which they need to cover the cost of so I can forgive it.Im already in 29 hours as I write this and outside of a couple of bugs its a solid successor to CM 2015. If you're a fan of car mechanic simulator 2015 you'll enjoy this version.Edit: After 40 hours im still recommending this game but I have to point out that the progression for the first 20 or so levels is great but after that it becomes far too grindy. They really need to reduce the amount of xp it takes to reach the last tier of items. I can see a lot of people never reaching level 30 in this game if they dont reduce the grind."
76561198275188634,Recommended,645630,34278237,Posted: 16 August,all,supercraftsman,"What can I say about CMS2018? Well, it didn’t start out very good, barely playable is a phrase that comes to mind. However, the DEVS have worked very hard to correct most bugs that caused crashes and general problems, as it stands the game is now very playable.There are things missing though, a lot of ‘talent tree’ features don’t work yet, some of which would really make a difference to the game play. Also, if you progress past these things and want to amass a collection of the cars available, you’ll find yourself very short of space as the ‘parking lot’ which initially looks quite large, just can’t cope with the number of vehicles available. Now this would seem a double-edged problem or complement as a large variety of vehicles must be a bonus right? Well, yes, but a lot share exactly the same components: My collection started out with the equivalent of a Ford Mustang, Chevy Camaro and a Pontiac Firebird. As I recall, they were identical underneath the bodies, and many others were basically the same apart from intake manifolds and number of carbs.I’ve reached a point where I have little else to do except repeat myself, or build cars I haven’t built before – but then have to sell them as I can’t store them! It is early days though, the DEVS have promised much to come and I am ever hopeful that they will deliver. They certainly turned around a quick ‘dreadful’ game into a playable one within a few days – what a pity they couldn’t release it at that stage rather than when they did.For anyone thinking about trying this game, I can only really praise it. It has a fun factor that is hard to pinpoint. I think if I started the game now, the omissions wouldn’t make as much difference, though they do need to be included quickly as nobody likes to strive to attain something, then find it isn’t there! It’s a very odd game, the name hardly inspires, the initial interface doesn’t feel natural, but… I am hooked, and I love it. I hope the DEVS keep adding to the basic game before turning to DLC – there is still a lot of promised content missing. But it’s a thumbs up from me.Edit: Recent updates have given us a race track to try out our newly restored vehicles on, it's a tricky windy one, so watch out you don't scratch your pride and joy. Also, we now have lots of parking, which really has transformed the game for the better. Modders have made a big difference too, adding some great new cars to the game. It's still a 'work in progress', but don't be swayed by bad reviews by players who've not played it for a decent amount of time to really make the right call. If you have patience to run through the basic game and EARN the features of the better garage, which does require some gameplay, you'll enjoy what's becoming a great game."
,Recommended,645630,33875091,Posted: 29 July,all,Kaspa,"After you get out of the tutorial the game runs fine, sure there are bugs what can you expect, it isnt a AAA development team. So far the developers are very active and pushed two patches withing 12Hr of release.People are complaining about the FPS and honestly i dont have expensive rig but i have no problem running it on ultra at steady 60-70FPS.There seems to be alot of base cars in the game and way more parts compared to the 2015 version. The game looks amazing and i like the way they set up the skill tree this time. Upgrading the garage is nice.Controls are different from 2015 but after an hour it will come as a second nature.If you are afraid of some bugs wait a couple of days and give the game a try."
76561198177097647,Recommended,645630,34847898,Posted: 9 September,all,timcleveland85,"Seen a ton of mixed reviews for this, so I'm going to give the old car guy review.Wonderful game. Period. All the joys of wrenching on and fixing cars, to the point of it being zen, without the busted knuckles and frustration of the real world equivalent. There is no end ""goal"", no true ""endgame"", this is something you can just play and play and play. It can also teach some good general car knowledge,Now, there are a few slight negatives. Untill you have the full array of scanners and tools finding some broken parts of repair jobs can be slightly trying if you don't know automibiles much, but honestly that's me being nit-picky.If you like cars, like working on cars, and want a game that you can play endlessly while zoning out, this thing is perfect. Everything I've ever wanted in a game, and never knew it."
76561198355575269,Recommended,645630,34927495,Posted: 13 September,all,Ace,I love this game. Cant wait for more update and ablility to swap motors in different cars.
76561198105655256,Recommended,645630,34116748,Posted: 8 August,all,BucketNzuchini,i like this game dont know why theres all this hate.car be good car be fast - kerchigga
,Recommended,645630,35277796,Posted: 28 September,all,existential dread,"They fixed all the bugs, and admit their mistakes. Great game, great simulator."
76561198383124036,Recommended,645630,34323131,Posted: 18 August,all,K3RAMB0,"This game is at it's current state (08/18/2017) a good optimised and fun game, don't let the old rewievs make you look at it like it's buggy and unoptimized because it all is fixed and they fix new found bugs faster than any other Dev team."
,Not Recommended,645630,33858125,Posted: 28 July,all,jedijasper04,At the moment the game is very badly optimised and in a very unstable state. Wait a little before buying
,Recommended,645630,35078702,Posted: 19 September,all,Fink,"Don't be scared to try it for yourselfWhile I admit the publisher for this game screwed up pretty bad, they did quickly pump out updates to fix the game breaking bugs rather promptly.I'm a casual mechanic. Meaning I understand the fundamentals behind a vehichle and how it's supposed to function and what parts do what on an engine. Thus I enjoy this game. Since I can't rebuild a classic car IRL, I can do it here, in a game.The missions are a nice added feature that CMS15 didn't have. Barn finds, meh. Junk Yard, kinda cool. Overall , if you like cars or have a remote interest in working on your own vehicle you will probably enjoy this game."
,Recommended,645630,33859171,Posted: 28 July,all,skepta,"I've been attemping to play the game, and the amount of gameplay I've got out of it makes it at-least a 6/10.If you're going to purchase this game wait at-least 2-3 days after the release until certain bugs and issues are sorted out with a patch/update.Red Dot has great developers, just the publisher PlayWay needs to get rid of the current third world country support team that doesn't know basic English skills."
,Recommended,645630,34245435,Posted: 14 August,all,Metatron80,"I own CMS 2014, 2015, and 2018. Picked up 2018 a couple weeks ago, despite all of the negative reviews, when I saw how many patches the devs were rolling out to fix the issues. That was the deciding factor for me, as I was on the fence.I've encountered a few issues here and there, but nothing game breaking. Most of the serious issues I've read in reviews, I haven't encountered since I purchased it. The devs gave us an apology and have been working hard to fix everything. Now, you can either keep bagging on them, or you can start giving them some support for that hard work. Look at how great the previous titles were and think about how much better 2018 will be once it's fixed up.Pros:- Graphics are really slick- Progression system makes a bit more sense than 2015- Included Car Editor is super easy and pretty cool. Looking forward to what will come out of it- Just as fun as the previous titlesCons:- (as of 8/14/17) Still some bugs, but they're getting regularly patched out- Controls are different from 2015, but that's more of a personal preference issueConclusionIf you liked the previous games, show your support and pick it up. It's still just as fun and will only get better."
76561197998125532,Recommended,645630,34249994,Posted: 14 August,all,Smoke79,"I believe this is going to be one of Red-Dot, PlayWay, and Steam's best-selling game, dispite the rocky launch it had on July 28th, the game itself is awesome, and a lot players don't realize what they are looking at, with all the details, coding, design s and physics, and not to mention the countless hours it took to put it all together, for us to enjoyand by the time it reaches 2018 it will be in tip-top shape, it took them roughly 30 months to develop, and they plan on spending another 30 months or so, supporting the game with improvements, updates, content and DLC'S, etcI've been waiting a long time for it to finally arrive, and to all future players of CMS18, you won't be disappointed in buying this game, I myself plan on spending many hours relaxing, playing this game"
76561198153901839,Recommended,645630,34116297,Posted: 8 August,all,csgolive.com I Like Free Stuff,"I have been a fan of the series since the last game and enjoy the overall experience.  If you really enjoy vehicle mechanics than this will most likely be the game for you.  However if you played previous games for a while than the game could start to feel a bit like the same thing over and over again.  As of right now I havent played the game too much, but I also haven't descovered any game breaking glitches, or really and minor ones.  I am hoping that more is added to this game to make it a bit less like the last games soon, such as more vehicles, mods and possibly, hopefully motorcycles?  I mean, I know its called CAR mechanic simulator, but that didnt stop devs from adding trucks as DLC in the last game.  Personally I'd really enjoy adding a couple chopper style bikes to the game, as well as sports bikes."
76561198069996884,Recommended,645630,34913733,Posted: 12 September,all,thequickshifter,"If you love cars, this is a pretty cool game. Be aware that its alot of grinding though and alot of time needs to be spent to upgrade. Also i advise buying the dodge parckage for the mopar fans. Hola."
,Not Recommended,645630,33858191,Posted: 28 July,all,Teuvo,Disgustingly bad optimization - is this what we all hyped and waited for an extra week? Extremely disappointing.
76561198384882674,Recommended,645630,34427719,Posted: 22 August,all,awesomeshot956,Great game! I have always loved cars but never really knew how to work on them untill now. In real life i have a 79'' Corvette and im planning on selling it for a 67'' Mustang But anyway. The game is great! I just bought my new project car in the game  A Salem Flamo/ Ford Pinto And i love trying to figure out how to fix it but always i recommend this game to every petrolhead! #Support Project Rusty The Ford Pinto
,Not Recommended,645630,33858047,Posted: 28 July,all,Cavtroop,"Runs very poorly, not optimized. Dev says ""There will be optiumalisation (sic) patches soon, Sorry"". That should have been done before release this isn't an early access game. They didnt have the .exe file included on launch. Mouse doesn't work in the menu, framerate is terrible. I've requested a refund, and I'll re-evaluate buying this in the future should they patch this up but for a release this is terrible."
76561197985294323,Not Recommended,645630,33903164,Posted: 30 July,all,fourstroke_jean,"I have no problem waiting for a few bugs to get patched, but how is there already 2 DLC bundles available to buy when the base game isnt working properly? The priority is making more stuff for you to pay for rather than giving you something that works. Very dissapointed"
76561198076172299,Recommended,645630,35055181,Posted: 18 September,all,Reaper,When I first bought car mechanic 2018 it had its issues whitch was to be expected but now it seems to be just fine I recommend this game 100%
76561198042213715,Not Recommended,645630,33986261,Posted: 2 August,all,holliday50,"Worst full-release of a video game I have EVER seen.  This game is riddled with bugs (65 of them are currently on their ""radar"", listed as high priority), some of them game-breaking.  As they continue to release daily patches, some bugs go away and new ones are introduced.  They're taking 1 step forward 2 steps back right now.  The game has a game-breaking bug today that didn't exist yesterday.Many features just aren't in the game yet, meaning, it WASN'T READY to release.  As a few examples:* Race Track (shows on map, but isn't ""in yet"")* Car Salon (shows on map, but isn't ""in yet"")* Radio (sitting on your counter, has power button, doesn't work...isn't ""in yet"")* Tire Tread Tester (you can put skill points in it to unlock, hold it in your hand like it's working...but it isn't ""in yet"")* Fuel Tester (you can put skill points in it to unlock, hold it in your hand like it's working...but sadly, it isn't ""in yet"")* Repairing body parts...not ""in yet""* So many body parts just ""missing"" from the store (Sakuro GT20 all windows & mirrors, for example)* Tuning Parts are not a thingAbout that last one...there are NO tuning parts.  What that means for the gameplay is that if you're building a Dodge Challenger, there is NO way to distinguish it from anybody else's by using different parts, as there's only one option for each part.  You can put a supercharger on it, for example.  You can't put a different hood on it.  You can't tune up the engine, as there is only one piston, one cam, one crank, etc to choose from.  Everybody will have the exact same Challenger until you throw on rims/tires/seats/steering wheel and paint.  Under the hood, they're all identical.On the positive side, the game is relaxing to play (long as you can keep from raging every time it costs you 45 minutes of gameplay)  It looks great when it works, and the ambient sounds are pretty good (except in barns, where there is an owl infestation).  The other sounds are nice too, my favorite being the wheel balancer.  Once you get the hang of doing orders, they're fun, and you can really spend a lot of time there.  Searching junkyards and barns has to be the funnest part of the game right now, imo.  I love it.  There's nothing like walking around the corner of a junkyard or barn to see your favorite car sitting there begging for you to buy it & give it some TLC, then taking it home and pulling every bolt off of it and rebuilding it back from nothing.  Unfortunately, for those of us not cheating, the unlocks for the welder & paint shop happen at level 20, and that is a massive grind.  So you will end up with a car that has an immaculate engine, suspension, brakes, exhaust, windows, fenders, doors, interior...sitting on top of a rusty body.This is one of those games to hold off on right now & keep an eye on a couple of things.  Watch the Overall Review Score on this page & the Discussions post that shows the bugs, and see how fast they're being addressed and the player reactions.  My sense is that they'll get a lot of patches done in the next few days, but will continue to move 2 steps forward 1 step back.  When they release the full content of the list I provided above, and the bugs are addressed, this game is worth a buy, and will be highly addictive when it's done...but for now, steer clear."
,Recommended,645630,33865564,Posted: 28 July,all,Fulysic,I have been waiting for this game to be released and that day has arrivedWhat can i say im a CMS fan boyGame  has so much new content it has great graphics and great performance with very new fresh lookReddot have once again done a great jobPros:Barn findsAll new toolsNew carsBetter job systemBetter prolonged gameplayExellent graphicsActive Dev teamLots new and amazing DLC to comeWill be updated again soon
76561197991594341,Not Recommended,645630,33898876,Posted: 30 July,all,$Д†ДИ,"Dont bother buying in its present condition. First car in shop simple brake replacement. Removed all nessary parts and replaced with new, got to second wheel and it stopped recognising the parts in my inventory. Exited out hoping a restart from save would help but then my save wouldnt reload.In short stay away for a couple of patches.Thanks Jeep_Warrior04 and Tam i didnt think of that ............. Dripping Sarcasm.I had taken all 4 wheels off and brake parts and gotten new parts to replace the worn ones. First wheel no problems, second wheel stopped working at part before putting wheel back on, not letting me choose a part. Went onto 3rd wheel and all parts were put on no problem, 4th wheel stopped after putting first part back on and then inventory showed as blank. Was at that point I saved and exited (after trying removoing parts and putting back).Not touching this game Until its patched."
76561197996648241,Not Recommended,645630,33868882,Posted: 28 July,all,Combatvet11b,This game has alot of potentail but is far from finished work. If you remove the engine from the old car in the tutorial DO NOT REMOVE THE RAD CAP your game will crash. Also there are many parts that are impropery named example the exhaust manifold on the Mazda Rx7 has an item name of ehhgghjd.hjjdiedoxy.ffds not actually but something close to that. Also the Mazda Rx7 ( FD ) from 1992-2002 came twin turbo but not in this game for some reason. As well as items in your inventory will just vanish in thin air. Gameplay is not smooth like in 15 version and needs some fine tuning please fix this game so it can be as good as I think it can.
76561198124669030,Not Recommended,645630,33879164,Posted: 29 July,all,CSI48,"I really wanted to give this a Plus rating , but i'l just save you time here...this game is riddled with bugs and is almost unplayable.While this game is great and i love the new look and feel of this game , this is in dire need of an Update , bad !!Until Red Dot updates this , i have no other choice than to Thumbs DOWN  this game.oh and the people complaining about 'poor Optimizing' are idiots , if you just play it on Medium settings , the game looks and acts great. while i can play this on Ultra at 60fps , i am just as happy at Medium settings as i am Ultra. there really is not that much of a differance in my eyes.If they fix this , i'l gladly re-review this.Is it worth a buy ? NOPE ! not right now anyway. save your money and wait a week or 2 atleast."
,Not Recommended,645630,34040598,Posted: 5 August,all,Mr. Awesome,"The game holds potential, definitely.But while the game is initially fun, it quickly becomes obvious that it's a prematurely released mess of gamebreaking bugs and missing content.They've already done 11 patches since release, and still we're constantly running into gamebreaking bugs, that makes you sit and wait for the next fix, in order to proceed.CMS 18 is nothing but a public paid beta access game, in it's current state, and even with the devs patching it up almost daily, there are so many things wrong with this game that makes it hard to enjoy, because bugs will eventually prohibit you from progressing, or force you to start over.Core functionality of the game, skills, and perks are still bugged beyond belief.Seems they've patched out most of the game crashes though.At it's current state, I wouldn't recommend it, unless you're comfortable with paying for doing their QA.It's far from complete, and there's a big argument going on, about 'promised' base content, that may be DLC later.And IMO, Play Way isn't handling the whole situation very well, becuase people are calling them out on their BS, though they're working around the clock to make the game somewhat playable.So buy at your own risk - I wouldn't recommed it, unless you don't mind being stuck and waiting for a fix.I will revise my review, when the game can be considered fully developed."
76561198067198869,Not Recommended,645630,33997221,Posted: 3 August,all,Monkey Mouth,"Bugs aside, it's basically CMS 15 with a few add ons and a different map. Graphically, it's about the same and the mechanics are identical. The lack of Hotkeys is a huge irritation because having to Right click the mouse then select a different mode is irritating if you are used to just flipping seamlessly from mode to mode.I would say get CMS 15 over this as it is cheaper and basically the same. If you have this game already, then you may as well stick with it and see if it weathers the Storm, but don't get the DLC's."
,Recommended,645630,33925424,Posted: 31 July,all,Arabian Santa,I enjoyed playing cms 2015 but it was lacking in many areas now with cms 2018 added many new features that improved the game highly I recomened this game esspeciacly when it is on sale.
,Not Recommended,645630,33858478,Posted: 28 July,all,Colin969,"2500k,  GTX 970.<30fps at Low setting at 1080p.No mouse in menu, runs like dogshite.Play CMS 2015 instead."
,Recommended,645630,34030535,Posted: 4 August,all,Bluewavez,"I got the game on the 28th long awaited. I knew these guys would come through. I played it the first day with really no problem. Yesterday I started playing again. These devs are doing everything they can to make the game good. First day they realeased 4 updates. The game is constantly being updated. I have buggy games in my library that  devs have never tried to make right. I love the concept of the game the barn finds, junkyards, all the new equipment in the garage, the paint booth, welder ect. I own the other 2 games so I wanted this game really bad. There are alot of ppl running the game down, but the devs are still working their heart out to make this game right. I know its going to get there because I have faith in these devs and I'm still having alot of fun playing it now, and I haven't run into any bugs yet. So if you like playing these games just like me, in a week or two, with everything fixed its going to be a blast."
76561198056782452,Not Recommended,645630,33964424,Posted: 1 August,all,hooch,"Wait until it comes out of early access before you consider buying it.Oh, it's not early access? This is the fully completed game, you say? Wow.In all seriousness, I tried hard to like CMS 2018, but there are just too many broken/missing features for it to be considered a finished game. Had this been released as early access, some of the gamebreaking bugs, missing features, and terrible performance issues could have been completely understandable... But, since it's not EA and it's being called a fully finished game, it's pretty damn terrible right now and not worth buying."
,Not Recommended,645630,33858403,Posted: 28 July,all,Doppla,"Game still seems very much un-finished. The main menu doesn't allow for much customisation or for use of a simple mouse.On creation of a new game you are randomly thrown into the garage with no context or explination of what to do.The game really lacks the flow and ease of use throughout the menus and way that the cars moved and such.For now, 2015 is the way to go."
,Not Recommended,645630,33938320,Posted: 31 July,all,Ｆｅｚ,"Poured hours into CMS 15 and enjoyed every minute if it... However CMS18 simply isn't ready to be released. Early access worthy right now? Maybe.Doesn't nearly live up to the hype and overall disappointing as i was really looking forward to this.Requesting a refund, but will buy in a few months if it is polished up & may change my review to a positive one.---------Bad bits so far (Will not play anymore than the hour i have, as it's more frustrating, than theraputic like CMS15 was)Lots of things in the garage cannot be used YET (Radio, Dyno etc).... So why is this a full releas and not early access?The mouse movement is HORRIBLE. even dropping my DPI to minimum, it's still nasty. The mouse accel is seemingly random, and no sensetivity / raw input options.The control scheme is way overdone and overly time consuming for a grind game. CMS15 controls were damn near perfect. Why fix what wasn't broken?Game breaking bugs everywhere. I disassembled an engine on the stand, removed the block now the stand is unusable. Plus it glitches through the block, making big end bearings and the crank impossible to see.Equipment also cannot be 'put away' once used, making walking around the car on a ramp awkward.Motion blur can be a little excessive and impossible to turn off.No Anti aliasing options and is seeminly off as jaggies everywhere.99% GPU usage at all times ?!"
76561197970740556,Not Recommended,645630,33858842,Posted: 28 July,all,Vango,"After many patches that fix one thing but then breaks 2 or more other's, I still cant recommend the game to anyone. So many things are broken I dont even know where to start, one of the most annoying things for me is the game's ui freezing up after completing a job forcing you to reload and just hope the game saved the completed job.I've never been able to access the junkyard or auctions.The work bench for repairing items has worked for a grand total of 3 items, doesn't matter how many random damaged items I'm carrying.The warehouse for storing parts is so broken I can duplicate the item 100 times over just by moving it back and forth between my hand and storage, making money has never been so easy.Mouse smoothing~! my god its bad with no option to adjust itThe Visual settings are basic. Low to high... No seperate options for AA, Textures, Shadows, Lighting , and so on. At least the ever important V-sync is there thoughNow they are going to sell the Dyno and Performance parts as DLC, even though the Release trailer on this store page clearly shows both of them with no mention of them not included in the base game.These guys PlayWay and Red Dot Games seem really dodgy. If you want to throw away your money, you would get a more complete experience spending your money on some like No Man's Sky"
,Recommended,645630,33950963,Posted: 1 August,all,♥ Miss♕Taxi ♥,"This Review was updated on the 12th of September. My first Review was highly negative due to the horrible state the game was released in. However, since then all the bugs I have mentioned in the said review have been fixed. Which is why I decided to re-review it.If you don’t like long reviews, check the Verdict at the end of it. Thank you!Car Mechanic Simulator 18 is the 3rd instalment of the Car Mechanic Simulator Series.Personally, i only played 2015, so I can’t draw comparisons to the 2014 version. However, after playing 74 hours in Car Mechanic Simulator 15  and now 27 hours of Car Mechanic Simulator 18, I think I'm in a good position to write my review.What is it about?If you never played Car Mechanic Simulator let me start by telling you a bit about the game concept.The base idea of the game is pretty simple and straightforward. You will be thrown into a basic garage which you can upgrade, together with an endless amount of randomly generated jobs. These Jobs range from simple stuff like changing the oil to advanced things that have you find out engine problems and fix them. The game also includes a few “Story” Jobs. But the only real difference is that you get a little story text alongside the actual job, so nothing worth talking about really, still a nice touch. The game also gives you the possibility to buy junkers, used, and (since a patch) brand new cars. However, the core gameplay aspect will always be to change parts on cars. Unlike, let's say, Street Legal Redline you won’t have an open world to drive around in and race others, however, they did add a racetrack in one of the patches but as far as I know it is only a time trial. But personally, i’m not too bothered about that. This game is, as the title says, a car mechanic simulator, so I don’t mind spending most of the time in the garage. It's what I expect and what you should too if you buy it :) The game has a perk system as well as a money aspect to it. You get XP and Money from jobs or from fixing up cars you buy. The XP you get to spend on equipment for your garage, or garage upgrades in general (such as more lifters or a path test), the money is mostly used to buy cars and parts. To my pleasant surprise, there are already mods out there, and the devs have announced to add Steam Workshop support in the future. While I come to speak about the devs, I'd like to go into a bit of detail what happened since launch. In my first review, i bashed the game very hard, and I still think it deserved it. BUT I have to admit that the developers have released patch after patch and pretty much worked their butts off to fix it. However, they still don’t get any medals for that. That should be expected, and there's no way I'm going to act as if they did us a favour in doing so. It was their job. But I'm glad they actually did it at least. So while I won’t give them standing ovations like a lot of people seem to do, I will praise them for working very hard and fixing their mistakes.Anyway, let's get on. Since I would imagine most people played the previous game, I decided to add a section to this review dedicated to what has improved.What has improved compared to the previous version?There are a lot more parts in the game, and for the first time, certain parts have other parts attached to them. For example, you can take off the wheels, which are made up of Rim and Tires and you have to use a tool to separate both. It does that with quite a few parts which add a lot of depth.Lot more carsThe garage is changing visually with upgrades you invest. No more yellow tapes on doors. However, they also stripped you of the ability to change wallpapers, floor colours and stuff like that.Parts are now branded (All made-up brands, unfortunately, but perhaps it could be something people can mod)Interior parts such as seats have been implementedBarn finds have been addedA racetrack was added (no AI opponents though)The Junkyard is also a nice little addition that lets you find parts or even entire junk carsAbility to buy brand new cars (honestly I have no clue why anyone would want to but hey it's there)Mod Support (well that was there last year but this year there are actual mods being made :D)Steam Achievements (broken at release, they work now)Stuff i didn’t like:No game is perfect and Car Mechanic Simulator 18 certainly isn’t. Here are some things that annoy me.The Horrible Release State. There was no reason for that whatsoever, especially because the developers have proven they can fix it. There is no excuse why they didn’t just sit on it a few more weeks before releasing it.The Grind. It's just as much as it was in 15, if not worse. To give you an example, you need to be level 30 to unlock the tool that lets you fix body parts. That takes absolutely ages of grinding. Some people say it's not that bad if you just take on fast jobs, but it can hardly be a good thing if people need to do that in the first place. I don’t see why they wouldn’t just let you buy equipment.DLC policy. This is something people will always going to argue about, but to me, having DLC cars all over the trailer, hell even having cars from the Dodge DLC right there in the main menu, just leaves a bitter taste for me.Poor Optimization. It improved but the forums are still full of reports of this, and one thing I personally have experienced as well is that this game makes my GPU heat up pretty easily. Nothing too crazy, but it is noticeable. Usually, my temperature is between 35°C and 45°C, max 55°C in most games. However, it easily reaches 70 when I play this game. It's still not an issue, but something I did notice and should mentionVerdict:If you would have asked me “Is it worth a buy” at release, or even 2 weeks after that...my answer would have been “No way in Hell” But the developers were able to fix their mess, and it is a big enough improvement over the last game for me to justify the asking price. I mean if you look at this, chances are you already know what the game is all about and played the previous game. So the whole “Gets a bit old after 30 hours” is not something that will keep you from playing it. And honestly, it's not something that keeps me from playing never play this game for hours and hours on end, but I do come back to it pretty much every week. So yeah, I think you should go for it and test it out. Refunds are always an option if you, but for me, it's a very solid game now."
,Not Recommended,645630,33858624,Posted: 28 July,all,"SweHam ""Edgar""",800 days of development and it's crap on launch!Black screen when I press ESC after unbolting a wheelFixed.Optimizedlike crapbadlyNo way to rebind keys (It's listed as a feature!HOW CAN YOU FAIL THAT?)No mouse control in main menuFixedCan't change settings in-gameMissing texts in almost every menuNo missing text in current version.Horrible mouse accelerationSome problems are fixed but this is still not better than CMS15. And that is unacceptable.Written on day 1 (2017/07/28)List of problems updated on the 2nd of AugustUpdates!First hoursAfter being able to play some more when they patched the black screen bug I now know that I will refund this game since I see no value in this other than the addition of some new cars. I'm quite disappointed that they somehow made a sequel that is this bad.Day 2Somehow I got the mouse to work in the menu after quitting to menu. To me it looks like it was ment to be played with mouse but it's broken at the moment.2017/08/02Mouse in menu works as intended and if they patch in hotkeys and abillity to remove mouse acceleration I will remove this review and give this game a second look. Will be keeping this game for the moment but if I see no major changes in the comming week I will refund.
,Not Recommended,645630,33889030,Posted: 29 July,all,The Joker,"UPD: The bottom part of my review is pretty much fixed now (except for DLC), with almost daily patches. There are still those selection wheels though.I have a good feeling, that this game will be fixed, because I see that devs actually care, but until I personally won't feel satisfied with it, I won't recommend it.OLD:F*ck consoles. This game is a perfect example of why I hate consoles. To appeal to their audience, developers must create easy for them to use UI, and that UI is complete BS. Wanna switch to assemble mode? Open up a selection wheel, and choose a freaking option. Wanna check up on car? Open up a selection wheel and choose a freaking option. Wanna use anything? Open up a goddamn selection wheel and choose a freaking option!Couple it with awful optimization, random bugs (I took of some parts, and I couldn't put them back, since they were supposed to be under engine cover, and the game said that engine cover is the thing I need to place now, never mind details that would be missing) or missing references (1 out of 4 spark plugs was called properly, others were !sweca_1), day one DLC that has no right to be not inculded in the game, and you get a mess of a game."
76561198401345162,Not Recommended,645630,33937530,Posted: 31 July,all,benjieewells,game freezes on black screeen when leaving tablet
76561198047830965,Not Recommended,645630,33935010,Posted: 31 July,all,Smketreez,"I was going to wait till the end of today to post this review, which would have gave the developers 4 days to fix what was sold to us. After seeing one of the developers in the bug report section's responses this past hour, no reason to wait.I'll start with the Pros-Game looks amazing (if you stand still)Lots of updated models from CMS15New Cars to work onAnd unfortunately that's where I have to stop.The Bad-Extremely poor optimization. High end rigs are even struggling to run at decent FPS.The majority of the core game mechanics are broken2x day 1 DLC even with the entire game brokenFeatures we had with the previous title are goneA large portion of the items listed in the store DO NOT EXIST - Falsely Advertised...First bug report thread hit over 400+ pages in 3 daysSecond Bug Report thread is on track to hit 100 pages by end of today.Patch Notes claiming fixes are STILL broke in some casesPerformance parts (promised for release) missingDyno (locked can't be accessed)Missing Parts rendering cars from being able to be completedNo advanced graphics options at all. Only presets, that they reccomend you don't go above mediumNo Control options (keybinding feature listed in store, non-existant)Half the new tools are broken and do not workAll new repair system is actually the same system as 2015, they added a 3D image, and broke the system entirely.Race track - advertised on store page - not accessable / lockedAchievements do not work ( super minor issue, but it is advertised)Horrid console based UI on a game that isn't even available on consoles. Figure that out.This game was never tested prior to release. The amount of bugs that were found within minutes of release proves that very fact. Developer claims they added content days before release and it broke ""many"" things. I find it insulting to have their customers believe they added something at the last minute that broke the entire game.I can't reccomend this game, at any price. It should be in closed Alpha at this current stage. The store promises features that are simply not in the game at all. I'm a former customer of both previous titles, and the vast majority of their DLC content for those games. There is plenty of Early Access games on Steam now that have less bugs, less missing content, and deliver everything they advertise. This game should have an Early Access tag untill ALL content advertised is in, and all MAJOR bugs causing the game to be unplaysable in normal fashion are fixed."
,Recommended,645630,33929019,Posted: 31 July,all,R0CK3R,"This Game has a lot of bugs and it performs not that good.However: I bought the Game and 2 DLCs for 25€. Only The Music would be worth that.It has great graphics, even only on middle settings, it has a very nice interface, and a lot of things to do.It was released only a few days ago! Give the poor developers some time to fix the issues. Please don't hate on the Devs! I'm sure they'll do their best, they are just humans overall. As we all are.Remember to save a lot and you will be fine!-------------------Issues i currently have (1.0.8):Radio does not work, i cant turn it on/off or select stations.The Grapics engine tends to crash when i finish story missions.I have only 45 fps on middle settings,even with a very good computer.BIG ISSUE: I can't finish the Bolt Chapman Story order. I first had the wrong size tires ,i did a test drive with them, but when i tried to finish the order the game crashed. then i tried to swap the tires, but the game crashes every time i try to work on the car.(EDIT 1.8 it now doesn't crash anymore, but i can't work on the car) since i only have 1 lifter, i can't do anything else. please make an option to like reset an order or something...-------------------:D"
76561198011589950,Recommended,645630,33911441,Posted: 30 July,all,[TeamAmnesia] Alexander,"First relase this game was the worst ive ever played, i give full credit to the whole team who have worked many hours to release two patches and have made this game far more superior to CMS 15. They still have some bugs to fix but im sure they will get it sorted asap"
,Not Recommended,645630,33981213,Posted: 2 August,all,Psilo,"I've read that the developers have asked for some sympathy, and I respect that, but here's the truth:The game has essentially no tutorial.  I had to watch YouTube videos to even figure out how the interface worked.  The ""tutorial"" is the fully-upgraded shop, where you can mouse over the different pieces of equipment and learn what they're for in theory, but there's nothing that actually tells you how to play the game.  They need to actually include a tutorial that walks you through how to utilize the interface in order to interact with the cars, and what the overall methodology is to repairing one.After I had watched a few YouTube videos and watched in what order you're supposed to use the various modes of operation (assemble/disassemble), and the various pieces of equipment in the shop (computer, garage door, etc), it was relatively easy to figure out how to begin playing the game, and start accuring money and experience.There are numerous bugs (black screens, menus freezing on-screen preventing you from saving, etc).  This is an equally-large issue as the lack of direction, if not moreso.  I spent 45 minutes tearing apart an entire vehicle and building it brand new, only to have the game freeze with a menu on my screen, after which I was unable to save, and therefore lost all my work.  This is especially troublesome for a game whose entire gameplay value is the ""work you put in"", and not the gameplay itself.I'm tired of the trend in the gaming industry to push an unfinished product to market, let people pay for it, and then have them be your free bug testers.  It's a disturbing trend that the video game industry as a whole has moved toward.  If a game is in Early Access, that's an entirely different story.  However, when a game is being sold at retail, I don't expect to encounter 5+ gamebreaking bugs in ~13 hours of gameplay.  And that's saying nothing of how unpolished it feels with the barebones tutorial.  If these two major issues were rectified, there would be much more value to make the game worth recommending."
76561197970708924,Not Recommended,645630,33954253,Posted: 1 August,all,Veha,"I understand it's not finished.  But there is a bug that when trying to put a tire back on, the lug nuts are backwards.  If you are completing a job, most likely when the final action is putting the lug nuts in to put the tire back on.  When you click on Finish Job, and have just completed the backwards lug nuts, the game goes to a black screen.I don't mind the bug I can work around it, but there is no auto save...so to crash at the end of a job that spent quite alot of time on.   Just makes me want to uninstall.  The work around is to back your view all the way out.  The lug nuts appear to correct themselves.I'm going to cool off, but it's frustrating."
,Recommended,645630,33889772,Posted: 29 July,all,Numet36,"Nice upgrade for the previous game. If you liked the old one than you'll enjoy this one too. I would like to see more performance parts added, but that will most likley show up in DLC. Some people were have issuse with frame rates and such. However, with my 6hrs in so far I have not experinced any issues playing at ultra with 3440p. Then again an I7 6800k, 32gb ram and a GTX1080 may be why.  That reminds me of an issuse I have with the game, I would like to have more control over the graphics settings.In short good game, but will be better in a few months."
,Recommended,645630,33997153,Posted: 3 August,all,ReivaX,"The launch was rough, bugs and crashes everywhere. The devs worked their♥♥♥♥♥off to fix the bugs and released patch almost everyday during this first month to get the game in the shape it should've been on Day1. I'd say it's pretty much done now.Game is good, more car parts than in the previous installment, better graphics the game runs without a problem.If you like cars or sims consider this game"
,Recommended,645630,35410081,Posted: 2 October,all,rbnzdave,"Fantastic game with only the odd niggle. Far more playable than I'd thought, especially if you read some of the reviews.Firstly, I got this because I had a game called street rod back in the day. and this is easily a successor to it if they add a couple of features. Like racing for pink slips. And an auto parts trader. but everything else is superb.Ok firstly, niggles. The navigation inside a repair mode is a little weird and sometimes decides to move you somewhere you dont want to be or dont expect, but you get used to it.Ugh, that tutorial.  found online when trying to figure out how to get out of it ( was fine, just i didnt want to spend a whole bunch of time in a mode that would ultimately expire and i'd be at square 1) - Apparently you can skip it to start, OR, chuck some oil in the car that looks modernish, click the garage door, click the test track, click the modern looking car you just filled with oil ( remove oil cap on rocker cover, then click and hold mouse button down till the bottle drops back) and then drive through all of the waypoints and stop on the waypoint that has the stop sign under it. Tutorial over.Sometimes, you are in a mode ( theres in engine bay and underneath it when you are changing mechanical parts) and it claims you need to be in that mode to interact with the part. exiting and re-entering fixes this. happens very rarely.Repairing parts isnt as intuitive with the outcome noise as it could be, and sometimes the skill tree looks like it doesnt let you get something just to spite you, but in a level or sometimes 2 it allows it. this is not a greyed out option, its otherwise normal and unobtained looking, waiting for you to spend a point.But,Other than that the game is just fantastic. the attention to detail is great, the workshop environment has been faithfully re-created by at least someone who has done stuff in a workshop before or is passionate about it. Be prepared to spend hours stripping down cars and finding issues, testing cars so you dont have to strip everything down, and ripping off customers with your kept but near death parts that they dont check. Its like a dodgy car mechanic simulator. its hilarious.Neat parody radio stations are available on it, and the DLC actually has licensed parts for 4 cars total.full disclaimer, I dont know (well, didnt know) one of a car from the other before playing this, so I cant vouch for the absolute accuracy on parts, infact some look like they'd normally have more bolts, but my dad who has stripped many a car in his day was floored at how much they do actually cover. So take that at face value.Also to the devleoper : Add pink slip racing and a local paper with spare parts for sale. This game rocks."
,Recommended,645630,33925327,Posted: 31 July,all,sl4p chop,Its good if you want to use up some of your time because it can take a while to build a vehicle from nothing up to something that you could probably sell for some profit or keep for yourself
,Not Recommended,645630,33858597,Posted: 28 July,all,AndreiN,"The game is far from finished. there is no optimization to speak of.You are given 2 cars and 4000 dollars. No jobs at all, no info on career. No expert mode.Skill points available -39/0.Camera movement is bad. Gameplay is horrible.Compared to Car Mechanic 2016 this game is a step back.Cars are all identical."
76561198010168634,Not Recommended,645630,34055519,Posted: 6 August,all,James_Enfield,"I've been holding with this review for some time to ensure it's fair and not influenced by community negative hype. I wanted to simply try to enjoy this product and not be biased. PlayWay/RedDot did everything they could to proove it won't be an easy task.First and foremost - I hate to be cheated. Noone does. I pay for a product, which has a certain description and it should reflect its  content. But for this developer, description is something that has no value.So let me list out items which are listed on Playway's page which I could not find in actual game:1. ""Photorealistic graphics"" (I mean -  seriously?)2. ""1000+ parts waiting for you"" (not sure how they calculated those really)3. ""Mix of randomly generated jobs to fulfill"" (I've never seen so much repetitivness so the random generator is more generator than random)4. ""Endless gameplay"" (Yes, it's endless until you get stuck with a bug, they fix it with patch and your save is broken. In that sense it's endless because you're going to need to restart ""endlessLY"" )5. ""Race track"" (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, it's not in and they admitted it didn't make to Release Candidate - still  it's not an issue, we're apparently living in the world where you can sell promises)But OK, I could understand they are a small studio which couldn't deal with getting a full product done without early access (at least CALL IT THAT WAY and not scam us announcing it's a full version release).But what really made me furious is the list of ""new features since CMS 2015"":1. ""New repair system"" (it is new in the sense it won't work in most cases and I think they needed like 12 patches to try to fix it)2. ""Race track"" (not released with Full Version release (not a BETA, FULL VERSION)3. ""Customizable game music"" (the radio didn't work for like first 1,5 week from release at all)4. ""New car salon"" (not released with Full Version release)5. ""Liquids in car"" (That's the funny one - devs said ""THERE IS OIL! WHY YOU WANT MORE"" I say ""Because you put this information into ""NEW FEATURES SINCE CMS 2015"" section. CMS 2015 HAD OIL TOO!!!What they really missed is one more section which would be ""Features present in past versions but removed in 2018 because of piece of junk console port"" and this would list one but really important thing ""Graphics Options"".So to summarize - this game in its current state is not a disaster as it was on day one of release, but promised content is missing, performance is a joke, there is no anti aliasing and you never know when you will face game braking bug. It's an early access alpha test where you're being forced to pay full product price and in return get 24hrs ban on forum if you don't agree with developers statements.Are there positive aspects of this game? Offcourse. But due to above, I won't mention them until they will find a way to compensate for promised features which never made it to the actual product, even though we were charged for them."
76561198002476361,Not Recommended,645630,33878301,Posted: 29 July,all,Zer0,"First of all, Why release it so early? Just fix your game before releasing it....- Half of the time Saving the game doesnt work so you can keep start over and over.- Items in your inventory are lost sometimes.- Graveyard, auction and stuff doenst work?"
76561198126730500,Not Recommended,645630,33861176,Posted: 28 July,all,Unimaginative Profile Name,"I wanted to love this game, I was hoping it would be better than CMS 2015. I couldn't wait for it to come out but now it did. I bought the game and it's two DLCs. Day one DLCs that costed half the price of the game that just came out today! Anyways I was still excited. And it lasted until I started it up, First thing that came to mind is the Very cluncky UI that I couldn't stand, you don't use the mouse on the main menu. My frame rates are bad even on low settings, and I exceed the games hardware requirements. Anyways I lowered the graphics as much as possible and started the game. to be met with bugs, dreadfull UI and deja vu of CMS 2015 and 2014. I would liked to have given a thumbs up but I was extremely disapointed.Pros--Idea-potential-can now mount unmount tires.-Restoration focusCons--Terrible optimization-bad graphics-Some things look copy/pasted from 2015 to 2018-Clunky and dreadfull UI (possibly my main reason for getting the refund)-Day 1 DLCs costing half the price of the game!-Why can't I use the mouse on the main menu?!-awkward sensitivity while trying to unscrew a bolt.-Bad business practices-Drain plug will not work.I have owned several early access games that feel more refined and a better value than this game. Don't buy it.EDIT: Game developers issued apology and I bought it back because they seem to have relized what they did wrong. I will change this review when I feel it has earned it."
76561198007524270,Not Recommended,645630,34791137,Posted: 7 September,all,Iancius,"The biggest thing i dislike is that you need to be lvl 30 to get the♥♥♥♥♥♥stains of the bodywork. Add a ""NPC"" body/paintshop, like in reallife for carshops without the necessary equipment and/or skills. You can buy the whole car as parts from the internet, but there is know way to get the diarrhea from the roof until you're pretty much spent 50+ hours changing rubber bushings.So i wouldn't recommend this game.♥♥♥♥♥♥stains on your car are not cool, man!"
,Not Recommended,645630,34710247,Posted: 3 September,all,"""[GITS]Donut☆","First of all: the only reason this review is set on 'not recommended' is because there are still too many bugs and missing features in this game. After they are fixed, I will set this review on 'recommended'.The gameplay itself is really nice and very addicting. It has a lot of content for a nice price.Then the cons of this game there are right now:- No keybinding settings. You have to press escape everytime you wanna back out of something, which forces you to move your hand all the time.- According to other players this game has a lot of performance issues. I'm not experiencing them since I own a GTX 1080. One problem I have though is that V-Sync causes some weird stutter for me when looking around.- Missing graphics options. No field of view slider.- After more than 20 patches there are still a LOT of bugs. I didn't encounter anything gamebreaking but some people claim they have broken save files.- A lot of unnecessary mouseclicks because you have to confirm so much stuff. Also the tablet isn't accesible when zoomed in on a part, which makes you constantly zoom out, acces tablet, zoom in, etc...Edit: I found out that the tablet is accesable at any time by pressing 'T'. However, this isn't explained ingame at any point. The lack of keybinding options don't make it any easier either.Gameplay issue:The game is VERY grindy. More than it was in CMS2015. A big problem is that doing very big orders is extremely unrewarding and doesn't give much more XP than when you're doing very small orders with for example a few broken brakes."
76561198006872048,Not Recommended,645630,33999617,Posted: 3 August,all,Taurus84,"I usually dont write reviews, but this product and its current state is impossible to overlook... so here it goes.The gameplay breaking bugs, like missing parts, jobs that cant be finished or crashes and corrupted saves (which is a problem if you just have 1 save slot so to say) aside... which I did inform on before but did want to give that game a fair chance anyway... what did really kill it for me is that graphic settings are so bugged right now and make it impossible for me to play.Let me explain this some more...The game has just very very basic graphic settings anyway... you can change the resolution, vsync, fullscreen and... graphic quality... thats it... for graphic quality you just have low/medium/high/ultra... the problem starts here. Everytime you start the game you gotta go into your settings and ""apply"" the settings everytime, else its borked graphic settings which lead to very low fps. Also if you have a geforce card in the 700-900 Generation range and because of really poor optimisation are just able to run the game in low/medium the game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥and even then runs not that well.Why is that? Well because their graphics prifle settings are by default a big pile of crap... cause on low you get everything off and low and what not, which looks very bad. But if you go up to medium, you would think you just get graphic effects activated like Anti Aliasing in a resonable amount... nope... you get lots of motion blur, SSAO and other effects many people dont need and make the game look better like 5% and need like 75% more graphics card power and I dont need those effects anyway. But on medium you just get a really low AA effect... so the game basically still looks a lot worse than Car mechanic simulator 15 (which runs and looks great for me by the way). Problem you have then with medium is, it runs poorly, because of all that mentioned other effects that get turned on and you dont have any control about putting those off like in every other game. There is not even a config file, where you could tweak it so it looks great FOR YOUR EYES and runs great on your machine.All that seems like its a cheap effort to have that game on consoles and then tuck a basic graphics menu on it and release THIS and then even that small effort is bugged to death and not working at all... so... yeah... I like the games before, especially Car mechanic simulator 15.... but your 18 version is a pile of crap and as I am writing this I did a refund.Why the refund? Cause there are SO many things broken, that its not a matter of 2-4 weeks to fix them all... they'll need quite longer and why should I waste money on something I might just be able to enjoy in 2-3 months from now? Nope sorry.I will revisit this games in earliest 3 months and see how it is then... but when I buy it next time I wait for a sale, maybe the october sale and hopefully get it 25% off or something like that. Why? Because I dont like it when devs release games in a state like that, even if they fix it, I'll get it on discount then or not at all, so they hopefully learn something from that if I vote with my wallet. I hope others will do the same!Thank you for your time"
,Not Recommended,645630,34001861,Posted: 3 August,all,Espresso Is Lame,"Banning and bugs is this game Venezuela? No it is Ban Mechanic Simulator. The Developers are petulant children blaming the consumers for their own mistakes of bringing in a pre alpha state game onto the Steam store? Maybe BrownDot is taking a page from Capcom or Ubisoft or maybe they are ex employees of said companies. I have thirteen hours of total play time in the game and before this whole fiasco I loved it minus the several bugs. I was content with waiting for the patches which admittedly because I enjoyed this game so much, it is my first simulator game (which is a bad entry point for me lol). But my mood quickly changed after the devs went on a banning spree simply because people were poiting out the truth of several features missing from in game to be planned as DLC. A lot of this content is actual on disk locked (the capcom comparison) away to be later sold to consumers as if this content was created at a later date. Don't believe me? Just look for yourself there are actual ingame models complete locked away and are meant to be sold as $6.66 DLC. The way the devs are acting avoiding any critique or banning said person making critique is ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting. They are playing the victim and blaming poor booboo hurt feelings on the consumers THE CONSUMERS! You know the people who actually support their products. I do not reccomend this ""game"" not even to a hardy masochist. On a last note if this game gets mass refunded and pirated you devs only have your self to blame for this blatant disgusting behavior.Evidence Of Claims Will be posted below (hopefully steam doesnt hide the links lol)https://prnt.sc/g1yv1jhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkE9lFcfs7Ihttp://imgur.com/a/VJaiXhttp://imgur.com/a/pF0CLhttp://imgur.com/a/LT7ou"
76561197994698628,Not Recommended,645630,33991706,Posted: 3 August,all,Bekkebauer,"At this moment i do not recommend this game. It has a lot of bugs, but the devs are working hard on fixing them.Aside from the bugs ( i believe fully that they will be gone in a few days), they promised several parts to be in the base game, like the Dyno and engine builder. Now they are saying it will become availible in a later DLC! These parts were shown on intro videos before and shortly after the launch of the game, but these videos are now deleted from steam.When PlayWaySA comes clean about this and makes these parts of the game free, i will reconsider recommending this game, but for now, we are all mislead.To bad i played more then 2 hours and cant get a refund...."
76561198000218562,Not Recommended,645630,33858864,Posted: 28 July,all,Mroz,"The performance is really bad considering there are just 2 car models loaded in a garage. There is also no graphical setting outside of low/mid/high/ultra presets. Motion blur on high+ is really bad it looks more like ""stoned mechanic simulator"". Sadly there is no option to turn off only this motion blur.Everything is way too complicated in comparison to CMS 2015. I moved a car to a test track and couldn't even find out how to even run the test. But I found out that if I right click on the car there I can't rotate camera any more until I move the car elsewhere. Or that if I press ESC to show menu and then dismiss it, the screen stays blured :DAnd you have to leave back to main menu to even change audio volume. And there is even no mouse cursor in the menu, you have to control it with keyboard, what year is this? 1986? Why?"
76561198036422332,Not Recommended,645630,33996291,Posted: 3 August,all,Thrash,"All content that was promised as a base game and shown in the trailers on the store page (performance parts, dyno ect), Isn't in the base game and are trying to sell it as a DLC.Game has more bugs than i can count.This is very far from a full game and is closer to a beta than anything else.Save your money and don't buy this."
76561198081507946,Not Recommended,645630,34024740,Posted: 4 August,all,thomas.frank.82,"Let's get this out right at the start: People are cutting PlayWay a LOT of slack because they're making a game that is obviously in demand and there's nothing else like it on the market right now. That said, the fact that this game got released to the public in it's current state is mind-boggling to me! The sheer amount of bugs and the nature of some of the bugs in this game at the time of release as well as the fact that there are some super obvious, easily fixed bugs in Car Mechanic Simulator 2015! that are STILL NOT FIXED to this day are a testament to ability of the developer: not that great. Also the amount of quality control that is going on over at PlayWay/Red Dot: absolutely zero. I'm talking things that anyone who played the game for some time would definitely notice very easily, like misplaced parts, weird bolt screwing animations and missing/disappearing parts as well as crashes, graphics glitches and so on. Add to that the super clunky and annoying user interface and the kind of crappy graphics (the parts look pretty good when they're all shiny but once damage comes into play things quickly break down) and you're looking at a game that seriously lacks in quality.If we were talking anything else than Car Mechanic Simulator, the game would have been ripped to shreds already and it definitely would not have sold a lot of copies. Unfortunately PlayWay has a monopoly on Mechanic Simulation Games. This leads to the weird situation that this absolutely broken piece of crap is in the top sellers and recieves ""Mixed"" reviews - partly due to a lot of CMS 2015 fanboys defending their game to the death, partly due to the simple fact that this game presently has no competition. What's even weirder is that even in this state the game is actually kind of fun ...I want to like it more, I really do. And even though it's a bad game I'm probably going to spend a lot of hours playing it, because it's relaxing and I can play it while watching Twitch or Youtube. But sadly, after following the development of CMS 2015 and after witnessing the launch of this game, I have lost all faith in the developer to turn this into an actually GOOD game! They're going to release a lot of DLC for this game and I might even buy most of it, and they'll likely fix the most glaring, game-breaking bugs for sure, but they won't add a lot of polish to it I'm sure. Honestly they should be ashamed that they even released the game in this state.All in all I really wish that another, more skilled team will heed the call and give us the game that we crave so badly. I'm just tired of having to rely on PlayWay and getting more and more frustrated and disappointed.Edit: I encountered many many bugs in my nearly 10 hours of play now, far too many to actually list. One thing I feel is very important to point out is that achievements actually don't work, which is unexcusable honestly. Also the last bug I that I encountered led to a situation where I'm not able to complete an order on a car (Elenti Callope) because I need to exchange a part that isn't available in the shop (rear muffler F). How can a bug like this be present in this game? It's like no one playtested the game at all."
,Recommended,645630,34159795,Posted: 10 August,all,brainsharts,"Was not very playable when I first got it, but the new patches have really helped. The new circle centered interface can take a little bit to adapt to it, but once you do, it works really well. I'm liking that you can search through barns for parts, or to buy a project car. Actually assembling parts and having to balance wheels is a cool new mechanic. The leveling up and upgrade point system works pretty good. There are still some rough edges that could be smoothed out (or rather finished) All in all, I am overall enjoying it, and look forward to expanding my garage and resotring some cars."
76561198022693328,Not Recommended,645630,33956367,Posted: 1 August,all,Spacemonkey,"Red dot games had the chance to really up the anty with this game but evidently they got too ambitous leading to a downfall in quality with multitudes of bugs. If it was released in early access then yes I would be much less harsh but being full release I'm sick of developers failing then acting surprised that the release went aweful. Some of the decisions made like the circular wheel of options were uneeded just complicates things more so.If it's not broke don't fix it is true of the previous cms, all they had to do was expand upon that in new ways rather than reaching for odd ways to make the game different. No matter how much the developer patches the damage is done to their reputation. They purposefully hyped the game up to release with no hint of problems that was a huge mistake on their part. Yes they will patch the hell out of it maybe but I don't have faith in this developer anymore their word means nothing."
76561198000339134,Not Recommended,645630,33996420,Posted: 3 August,all,jamek6,"Before release, this game looked just so awesome.. Dyno, race track, garage man etc. But no, first they said it had to much bugs, now they say these contents will come as dlc. Not only that, but many parts in game is missing and glitchy so you dont get full score when repairing cars so you use longer time to get enough xp to expand. Dont buy, if you buy, dont go on steam forums later on and fill the forums with "" i wanna refund""."
,Not Recommended,645630,33897340,Posted: 29 July,all,Bludog35,"I wanted to like this.  I gave it a chance.  I am a MASSIVE fan of CMS 2015.  This should have never been launched in it's current state.  Don't get me wrong, it looks amazing.  Beautiful even.  But the UI is beyond clunky.  I think they tried to make it controller friendly.  Not to mention all the glitches.  This should have been released as early access.  It WAS NOT ready for a full on release.   If you love the CMS series, and don't want to hate it, WAIT to purchase this game.  It's far too broken and you will quickly learn to hate it."
,Recommended,645630,35325114,Posted: 29 September,all,fat_birb_,the best car mechanic sim ever!
76561198148232945,Not Recommended,645630,33938570,Posted: 31 July,all,AGT_MichaelScarn,"Want so badly to recommend this game, but simply cannot. It is an unfinished product that seems to have been rushed to market with little to no QA testing.After putting nearly 80 hours into CMS 15 and a little less into the first version, I considered this game a ""day one"" purchase but between the laggy gameplay - at the lowest settings when my computer already meets the recommended hardware specs - to the frozen load screens, to the inability to put parts back onto the vehicle, it is simply a game that should never have been released as it is. And even though the developer is rushing patch after patch out as frantically as possible, it is hard to have faith in a game and company that released such a hapdhazard product. This will be the first time I will ever ask for a refund."
,Not Recommended,645630,33938290,Posted: 31 July,all,nrgwasp,"Let me preface this quick review by saying I really want to like this game. I enjoyed CarMechSim15 and looked forward to fixing up licensed cars in '18.Having said that, I can't recommend it, at least not yet. Graphics are poorly optimized, which, fine... I guess I don't HAVE to play it on 4K even though I have a GTX 1070. The unforgivable sin is this: No control remapping. You can't change your controls! On PC! In 2017! Maybe I'm the lefty special case where I find the default control scheme cumbersome, and you'll have no troubles because you always use the default keys anyway. Well, bully for you if that's the case. But if you're like me and need to change buttons around in the games you play, then the inability to do so in CarMechSim18 will make playing the game a tedious chore.Wait until they add control customization and optimize the graphics to pick this one up, even if (or especially if) you enjoyed CarMechSim15 like I did."
76561198039944856,Not Recommended,645630,33859490,Posted: 28 July,all,Kev061,"This game was released in an incomplete state. Missing parts, missing point of sale features that are now planned as future dlc instead. They do not claim it is early access, but their two bug threads have over 10 thousand comments in them combined in about one weeks' time. If you want to become a full time bug tester (for free) this is your game. If you want a solid and finished title like the store page says, you won't find it here.Playway has a serious hate for people who try to make them accountable to their own words. If you post something and they do not like your question, they will delete your post and ban you from your own community. One guy simply asked if co-op play was to be added in the future (just as a curiousity) they deleted and banned him as well.Buyer beware! This product is NOT sold as the store page advertises it...want proof? Go to the community page yourself and read a few posts."
76561198046768856,Recommended,645630,35363005,Posted: 30 September,all,Princess,"tldr, most bugs squashed, active developers, I can make better engine sounds with my mouth, great game.I waited to purchase it until late september do to the disastrous release hoping majority of the bugs were fixed and to my delight most everything is smooth as butter and the devs are hard at work. it still could use some tweaking in spots for instance the engine sounds seem to be ripped from a racing game in the 90's. But its a fantastic game to waste a few hours."
76561198377986454,Recommended,645630,34911777,Posted: 12 September,all,sniperwarrio86r,All i can say its addicting
76561198061031533,Recommended,645630,34917927,Posted: 13 September,all,Paluan,"This game is fun and I get a ot of fun with, But I will give 3 of 5 stars.The reason is:It could be sandbox (Open world) where you buy or rent your garage it would Generate montly taxes.Open a garage isn't enough you have to make contacts like drink in the bar next your garage or restore a junkyard car.a nice car displayed atract more clients.I personaly put some live to a junkyard with new cars coming and trucks bring new stuff, get friendly with junkyard staff could repay you. Be the first to search for itens or better discount or even leave a list os itens eventualy some awesome deal could result.if the game was open world the garage could expand in another ways.1. get better tools (all tools demand maintenance upkeep and eventualy replacement)2. garages could fisicaly expand in 2 ways;a. Buy or rent adjacent buildings end expand the garage.b. rent or buy in a better neiborhood it alow better prices and more afortuned clients, maybe have a second garage...that leads to staff... be able to hire staff like specialists and secretary.afther all it would be nice give kids some idea about how work really works.yeah the actual game is very nice, but it could be a lot more."
76561198085556547,Recommended,645630,35444738,Posted: 3 October,all,zaldor29,"Good game and graphics are fine.  The game play is pretty detailed, BUT the controls are terrible.  Just like the first game they are clunky and I believe this version has ramped that clunkiness up a couple notches.The fix is pretty simple, let the mouse control the dang camera.  Let us hold the right mouse button and rotate/pan the camera (or even both mouse buttons).  Use the mouse wheel click to bring up the mouse menu.  There are a lot of things you can do with the mouse, not just control a pretty poorly designed radial menu and work with parts.   Heck, let us create secondary bindings for controls and we can specify our own mouse buttons.I would still recomend the game, eventhough it is not a training tool, it is pretty neat seeing some of the parts that make up a car.  Also, the game can be addictive.I would give this game 3 stars, but if they fixed the controls it would definately get 4.  To get 5, the game would need some pretty big design changes (like an avatar or something) to make you feel like you are actually there working on the car."
,Recommended,645630,35036339,Posted: 17 September,all,EndonemicLormes ~,"Now you can hangout with the local ricers who hangout in parking lots, drive cars with half an engine and race your car into the grave"
76561198188417773,Recommended,645630,34905487,Posted: 12 September,all,Déébliy,Very usefull in  my education
76561198094507061,Recommended,645630,34906509,Posted: 12 September,all,dantespaladin,"In other car games I usually find myself racing the same track, each time upgrading a part and seeing if I can get a better time. In this game, I do the same thing, but instead fix a part. The in-game music is a little bit repetitive, but I turned down the volume and listen to my own music. There are still a few bugs and potential improvements, but I am always seeing new updates for the game. If you have an ounce of car enthusiasm and want to learn more about the different parts that make up a car, this is a must have game."
76561198165889233,Recommended,645630,35137283,Posted: 22 September,all,Mr. Pluto,Really good game not very accurate but still fun10/10 would fix a crapy car again
76561198247117384,Recommended,645630,35253944,Posted: 27 September,all,D-Frankenstein,Great GameSupport Developer !
76561198093250459,Recommended,645630,34566617,Posted: 28 August,all,NeroN_SvK,"Seriously, I didn't want to purchase this game because I saw these reviews on steam, but hey! I purchased it anyway because I just couldn't resist it... And It turned out to be a nice game tottally worth 20 bucks considering the amount of time you can sink into this type of game. I didnt have a single crash or major ""game-breaking"" bug (yes there are small ones here and there but it's not that bad). I also heard people have problems with performance and optimalisation of this game, again, no problem here, It runs great on ultra settings on my machine (NO I dont have a NASA computer).If you liked the previous games you will not regret getting this one too! And for newcomers, If you think you will enjoy endless hours of repairing cars for customers, upgrading your garage and abilities, investing hard earned money into your own collection of cars or trying your luck in barns/junkyard where you litterally buy a wreck and turn it into a nice flashy ride you can sell in auctions for even more profit, then this game is tottally for you!"
76561198026307646,Not Recommended,645630,33991748,Posted: 3 August,all,m4inbrain,"I really wanted to like the game, but the publisher, and maybe even the developer, seem to think that it's okay to promise/advertise something, then deliver half of it barely able to run without crashing/black screening constantly, and sell the rest later down the line as DLC (performance parts, dyno, tuning etc), blaming each other for ""maybe bad english made it so that someone misunderstood something"", as the developer put it.Just stay away, try in half a year maybe, when the game is (feature-)complete, and then decide if it's worth it. Currently, it's far from it."
76561198047739658,Not Recommended,645630,33993037,Posted: 3 August,all,Cowboy_DK,"All of a sudden, certain things shown in the launch trailer are paid dlc...Games is missing  a lot of features, and is in an unfinished state, i just asked for a refund..."
,Not Recommended,645630,34005679,Posted: 3 August,all,Kraken,"TL;DR - Stick with the previous games until they get this one updatedThis feels like a step backwards from the previous Car Mechanic Sim. We're missing in-game items, graphical options, and it's still poorly optimized. I understand they needed to make some changes but there's no since in trying to fix what wasn't broken. The mechanics (pun intended) of the game just don't feel right such as the camera, movement, and the right-click-does-all feature. I miss the 1 button for assembly and 2 for disassembly. I miss the camera not locking on to everything I undo that has a bolt to untighten. I miss the ""sell useless junk"" button (I'm a perfectionist so EVERY part must be 100%). I miss not having to back out completely to order parts I just realized I needed to buy. There's just no clear direction on a lot of the new details added to the game such as interiors, breaking down some parts but not others, etc.That being said, I believe in these devs.  They kept supporting and updating their previous gamesEven in their previous games. I have hope that they'll get everything sorted out."
76561198059326630,Not Recommended,645630,34009226,Posted: 3 August,all,GibboAu85,"Bad User Interface, mouse movements are wierd and laggy, questionable fuzzy graphics, too many bugs to count, release day DLC (really c'mon).  Biggest heap of crap dumped onto the store this year.  Will be getting my money back on this one."
,Not Recommended,645630,34018072,Posted: 4 August,all,Hail King 5,"I have player CMS 14 and CMS 15 now CMS 18. I have played countless hours on CMS 15 and I had such high hopes how much would be improved the next game. This game is probably the most buggy and unstable game launch game to date. It does have very great improvments ""when they work"" but most of the enw things in this game HAVE NOT BEEN ADDED YET. This game might be a Alpha at best. This game has a future with it but with all its sad performance and bug issues, it's a game to not purchase. EVER!"
76561198017080341,Not Recommended,645630,34046588,Posted: 5 August,all,=GzR=Amos,This game has plenty of potential however as a new release it falls flat the sheer amount of bugs present on release and those still remaining definately would put this into the early access realm than a completed product. The developers are working hard to remedy these bugs however many major and minor bugs remain. If you are considering buying this title give it a month or two by then hopefully they will have worked out the bugs and implemented many of the features you see on the store page that currently are unavailable.
,Not Recommended,645630,34046721,Posted: 5 August,all,Redeyes,Been playing for about 30hrs and all of a sudden the game will no longer load my save file. I have tried many fixes on my end but based on no longer being able to complete the game I can't recommend it :/
76561197968861314,Recommended,645630,35488195,Posted: 5 October,all,Lamar,ive been waiting decades for this!! gearhead garage used to be my favorite. amazing game
76561198069371579,Recommended,645630,34910549,Posted: 12 September,all,haggs,its fun to fix and now drive the cars you fix.
,Not Recommended,645630,34787748,Posted: 6 September,all,Vane,"This game is of little difference than the previous installation. But this one had some questionable marketing points, number of promised features that never appeared, even more that a month after release.I just can't recommend this game. I could have said ""in this current state"", but I have a strong feeling ""this state"" isn't going to shift.You'd be better off playing something else."
76561198353837275,Recommended,645630,35156985,Posted: 23 September,all,Jaxs1016,"the devs fixed launch issues very fast with alot of updates, ALOT OF FREAKING UPDATES :)  The game is super fun and looks awesome maxed out with a good pc.  I also own it on another family account that's why my playtime is low on here."
76561197970776885,Not Recommended,645630,34019962,Posted: 4 August,all,Smiling Kevin,"No good keyboard support. Very slow and optimized for consoles. Repairs have been made even more cumbersome instead of less. I would have paid the same amount for some more cars and UI tweaks in 2015, but I imagine they've stopped making updates for that version now."
76561198043341387,Not Recommended,645630,34052946,Posted: 5 August,all,XenoMorphicRex,"I'm not sure how to rate this game yet. It's off to a good start. However, There are some blaring issues with it, and makes me think that Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 was released a bit too early. the engine stand doesn't know how to hold a V8 properly, and there is a wierdly named Clip on the challenger's distributor, that can't be replace, only repaired, and if you break it you're fracking screwed, the car will never be 100% after restoration. Sorry to point out bugs in this reviews, but this klnocks out 2 birds with one stone. Alos there are areas in the garage that seem inaccessible. (like the dyno room) as well as some areas of the game map. (the on you seem when you exit the shop) The race track, and a few other places are unreachable. Forgive me for saying so Devs, But you pushed this version of CMS out before it was finished, or aleast almost finished. My view of this game may change if there are some fixes release, quickly resolving these issues. Otherwise, this game is awesome, but its not reach for prime time, to coin an expression. so for the time being, I currently would not recommend this CMS version to anyone. at least until its fixed."
76561198083175868,Not Recommended,645630,34006729,Posted: 3 August,all,footballstar91,Kind of crap i payed money to play this game and it wont quit freezing before i can even play it!!!! if i cant play it i should get my money back!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,645630,34052994,Posted: 5 August,all,xiJacox,Can't even get to the main menu. I wish I could even give you a honest review of the game but it seems that I wasted my money on a game that does not even open. VERY UPSET.
76561198043315429,Not Recommended,645630,34073503,Posted: 6 August,all,Mr Lanky,Great example of a game being released too soon. Far too many bugs and incomplete features to make the game enjoyable.  Good foundation. Maybe in a few months it will be better... maybe.
,Not Recommended,645630,34005053,Posted: 3 August,all,OzzFreak,"Operating System-Windows 10 Home 64-bitCPU-Intel Core i7 4820K @ 3.70GHz Ivy Bridge-E 22nm TechnologyRAM-16.0GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 666MHzMotherboard-Gigabyte Technology Co. Ltd. X79-UP4and this game runs terribleungodlyi should have listened to the neg reports and not wasted my time buying and trying to play it , to only turn right around and now wait for a refund"
76561198027189729,Not Recommended,645630,34891423,Posted: 11 September,all,Bullhead,"Okay, long story short. I played 2015 and was an avid fan, but 18 is just a disaster. 1) Game refuses to start through steam, must be launched directly from the exe file as administrator (steam has the ability to run as admin). 2) When the game does load, and you finally get in to the game, there are ZERO instructions on how to complete the tutorial. I spent 30 minutes walking around the garage trying to find out what to do. There is also no way to skip the tutorial (which is BS). 3) The game runs like crap, my computer is running an Intel i7 quad core and a gtx1080ti with 32gb of ram, there should be no reason why I am getting frame stutter. 4) It is impossible to adjust game settings from within the game itself. You must return to the main menu to change ANYTHING. I feel properly cheated out of my money. The devs made this version with the sole intent of making a quick buck, and considering a) the devs had the audacity to release a completely broken and unfinished game for profit and b) the fact the game has been out for 3 months now and problems like these are STILL not fixed.Do not buy this game. It is not worth a penny of what the devs are charging for it. I have lost all respect for Play Way after abusing their fan base by baiting previous customers of 2014 and 2015 into buying a completely unplayable 2018."
76561198130933183,Not Recommended,645630,33875560,Posted: 29 July,all,Dark Soul,Way slower animations if you don't have a good computer it laggs on low quality bigger car selection than the others but again if you do not have a good computer odds are you wont like it.
,Not Recommended,645630,33936432,Posted: 31 July,all,Gigi Alves,"Game was released unplayable. Even though the developers are pushing updates daily (sometimes two to three times in one day) I still DON'T recommend this game and the reason has nothing to do with the launch-day bugs.Half (or more) of the content advertised is not in the game since launch day. Regardless of the bugs, the game has no car saloon, dyno and performance parts as advertised. Instead those features are locked from the game, all you can see is placeholders where those features ""might"" be implemented in the future.You can not do engine swaps as advertised, you can not buy brand new vehicles as advertised, there is NO racetrack as advertised. Instead you can see where those features would be if this game would ever be released in a finished state.This is an EARLY-ACCESS, except they did not name it that way. This is NOT a finished product and shouldn't be sold as one.My decision to not refund it is because I believe one day the developers will fix the major bugs (they have been doing it already) and perhaps add the advertised features. I'm currently having fun in this game, but definetely I wouldn't recommend an unfinished product to anyone else, unless that person is aware of the current state and willing to take risks."
,Not Recommended,645630,33975392,Posted: 2 August,all,j_hoodhere,"Ok, this game was good until update 1.07 for me. I was doing a job in which half the front and back suspension needed replacement, and 2 of the tires need replacing. So I had just finished the suspension and was about to remove the tires when all of a sudden the tire seperator/joiner menu started spasing, and I couldn't save the game, so I had to force quit the game and lose the 30 mins I spent on this. I wouldn't reccomend this game until they fix all of the bugs and make it way better, until then find something better to spend your $20 on. This would've been a thumbs up, but I am not pleased on what this cost me."
,Not Recommended,645630,34041844,Posted: 5 August,all,Critoris,"After 1.1.1 pacth I cant get out from disassembly function, all screen goes black and only 1.1.1 at right top. it's way over ♥♥♥♥ed up."
,Not Recommended,645630,33936589,Posted: 31 July,all,Steele,"Really wish I wouldn't have given Red Dot the benefit of the doubt and just listened to the negative reviews because they're all resoundingly correct.Obvious low-effort console port rushed to release. Menus are laughably bad, you can only change the volume by left clicking on the volume to increase it with each click until you hit 100, then another click brings it to zero.Some of these points may sound like nitpicks, but they're just the ones I was able to remember and it all adds up to a very incomplete and clunky feeling game.I really can't stress how silly the in-game interface is. Sure, the radial menu might be nice for a controller and some people may prefer it, but they got rid of essentially all hotkeys, meaning that things that were just one button press in CMS15 are now 2+ clicks. That doesn't sound like much, but when you're going around the car trying to examine things that adds up to things taking nearly twice as long.The interface is way incomplete and misleading. For example, when in examine mode the tooltips don't update which causes major confusion when trying to learn the game. ""Hold left click to take off part"" - in examine mode. Yeah.There's a tenth of a second delay between starting to hold the mouse and the little status indicator that shows you're completing showing up which is really annoying; you get no feedback and you're never sure you're actually doing it right.Mouse feel is bad, I'm assuming it's acceleration that can't be turned off.Walking around feels mushy and bad for keyboard, again, obvious console port with little effort to adapt to PC.Poor performance.Graphics at ultra and monitor resolution (1080 in my case) look blurry and aliased at the same time, and there is motion blur that you cannot turn off.""Settings menu: here you can adjust game settings"" - the only three options are save, load and exit to main menu.A lot of the new features look like they may be great, but who knows when this game will be in a state even close to CMS15, that could be a year from now.Definitely avoid until some major, major changes have taken place. Lots of people are begging potential buyers to give Red Dot a chance, and I will, but they're starting off with a game that's waaaay behind what it should have been on day one.Trust me, I will update my review as soon as and if things change because I have really been looking forward to this game and I really, really want to be able to experience this game as a PC game rather than a console port."
76561198042736097,Not Recommended,645630,33979470,Posted: 2 August,all,TescoClubCardUK,"If you're think about buying this game, just take a quick minute to read this review.The game has more bugs than the cast of A Bugs Life movie, the content described on the store page is misleading, half of those features don't exist in the game, they are trying to release patches without testing them which is leading to more bugs and the items they list to be fixed in the patches are still missing.The game was never tested before releasing, so if you do intend on buying this game, all your doing in paying to be a Beta tester for them.The game should of been marked as Early Access .***You have been warned***P.S If the game does improve and it becomes all in working order and the content that was promised is added, I will change this review."
,Not Recommended,645630,34043056,Posted: 5 August,all,XXX_swager_XXX[S.Q.U.A.T],"Crappy mess,I played and bought this game thinking ""oh this'll be fun i saw youtubers play it, looks fun as well,"" well i was wrong...i bought a laggy mess and all i can do now is moan and groan, waste of your money! dont buy it till its 2018,or you'll make the same mistake as me..."
76561198050541412,Not Recommended,645630,34004834,Posted: 3 August,all,Dude,"As it stands i dont recommend this game, Should have been beta tested and should have had a demo. Was released way too early.At the moment the gamers who paid for the game are more like beta testers with all the bugs and lack of new features in game which should have been in the game from day 1.The game needs alot of work doing too it for me to recommend this to anyone."
76561198081816794,Recommended,645630,33867600,Posted: 28 July,all,the best player,"To fix the problems everyone are having, run the game in windowed mode, im currently running on Windowed mode at 1920x1080 on Medium (On medium just for good measure, im sure higher presets are fine.) I have no frame drops, smooth gameplay and it seemed to make the mouse acceleration less noticable.Running the game on a GTX 1060 6GB, 16GB DDR4 RAM, and a I5 6600k."
76561198054622596,Not Recommended,645630,34024338,Posted: 4 August,all,Bain6969,I CANT PLAY THIS GAME IF IT ONLY SUPPORTS A US KEYBORD AND HAS NO OPTION TO REBIND KEYSgrave oversight....fixing this is VERY important....I played the game for 1 minute and already quit because of this.
,Not Recommended,645630,34040471,Posted: 5 August,all,tmacingb,it is crash on me 2 times sense i got the game  yesterday i want a  refond for this game  and  i was expeting  it to be as good as 2015 it just isnt thats all ps dont buy it
76561197970364416,Not Recommended,645630,34042263,Posted: 5 August,all,Wonderloaf,"Bought it, played 39 minutes, refunded it. The way the game plays with a mouse and keyboard is horrible."
,Not Recommended,645630,34477206,Posted: 25 August,all,DeckerZero,"After a month of constant patching, some serious UX-issues still remain, which is why I cannot recommend this game. Perhaps the dev's might be arsed to read this one and concentrate on the UI / Input issues.1. Mouse issues all around, at first, there were no options for sensitivity nor acceleration ( makes for a horrible experience ), afterwards they patched it support for these. But they didn't bother to check that the sensitivity would be global for all menus. So instead if you now disable mouse acceleration, you will get horrid slow sensitivity in all the menus of the game, but an ok experience in First Person mode.  ( Amateur hour )2. Usability issues in menus in general, so a good starting point here would be to seriously do something about the part purchase system, you have to constantly switch around between market and part assembly. This one seriously needs an option to have a constant list of parts that need to be replaced on the Market menu itself. ( No, seriously don't even bother commenting on ""get a photo with your cellphone, write it down on paper"" as a solution to anything. )I definately could enjoy this game, if it weren't for the horrible UI / Input issues, so I'm hoping that the fixes come in and I can recommend this one."
76561198133656630,Not Recommended,645630,33984709,Posted: 2 August,all,adl2000,"I would really like to recommend this game but i just cant in its current form. You only have to look at the patches released so far to see that the game is riddled with bugs and i mean absolutely packed full of them! It is so frustrating when you've been playing for an hour and it crashes, then you lose your progress and have to start re-building a car again. These guys rushed the release and now they are paying for it with all the bad reviews. I agree with others that once all the bugs are fixed you will have a great game to waste a few hours on over the weekend and if you have more patience than me then you should buy it. However i really do recommend you wait until its fixed and then you will be pleased with your purchase. When/If they release Gold Rush the game........ I will absolutely not be buying it straight away like i did this one.........lesson learned!."
,Recommended,645630,34074451,Posted: 6 August,all,Unheard_Whisper,"Game runs really smooth for me , no crashes or blackouts so far.Character/garage progression is exciting, especially when achieving a new garage sector. Exploring vast amounts of barns and discovering beat up cars is exceptionally beautiful, something I am privelidged to experience. This is truly a wonderful player experience, therefore I urge you accept your temptation and purchase this masterpiece."
76561197965663846,Not Recommended,645630,33969193,Posted: 2 August,all,OnionBhagee,Alpha
,Not Recommended,645630,34089114,Posted: 7 August,all,MeaZ ™ Hellcase.com,It¨s pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugs and lags
,Not Recommended,645630,34042486,Posted: 5 August,all,Mike Hawk,"i get motion sickness from playing this game, cant stand playing it more then 20-30 min befor i get sick. the mouse movement is the worst ive ever seen in a modern game forced mous acc and it cant be turnd off not even if you have it off in windows... and the movement of the character is so bad im rly disappointed hyped as hell bought the silver edition but i cant play a game where i get motion sickness and almost vomit from."
76561198138521052,Not Recommended,645630,33873289,Posted: 28 July,all,MwahahahaIseeU,"THE BADThe game is unoptimized. It could really use an update to optimize it. It is a bit slow and clunky. The game doesn't run smoothly, even on lower settings. I currently have my settings on medium and it runs I would say around 15-25 FPS. My FPS counter is not working, so this is just a guess but it is, without question, below 30 FPS. 30 FPS doesn't bother me but this game is because it is choppy and slow so I know it is running below 30 FPS. It isn't horrible at medium settings and I find it playable, but it should not be like this and I wish it was better. It is disappointing to say the least.It feels a bit slow and clunky to move around. It is a bit slow to move from one thing to another. I have to press ESC often to move to the area I want to work in because I can't easily move to it while in disassembling/assembling mode. Sometimes I can, sometimes I can't.I don't like how the game throws you in a garage and doesn't really give any information on what to do and how to get started. If you walk up to certain things, like the repair table, it will tell you what it is for but other than that, you don't really have a clear direction as to what to do. I have a lot of hours on CMS 15 so I understand the basics and what to do, but if somebody is new, they might have some troubles. I am still confused as to what to do because I can't take any jobs at all (I have started 3 new games and I have yet to take a job) so I am running around taking apart this random piece of crap in my garage to restore it but I don't even know if I will have enough money to do that. It is a bit confusing!I have heard a few people talk about glitches, but one I have found is with the oil plug. Twice in a row, I have worked on the engine and taken off the oil plug and my game freezes and I can't do anything. I can't really move on with the engine if it will do this every time.THE GOODThe graphics are nice. I just wish I could enjoy them better at a higher setting but I can't with the poor optimization.The game has a lot of new features. There is more to do and work on. More cars and tools were added. It adds a lot more realism to the game. As for features, CMS 18 is better.SUMMARYI think this game could be a solid game if it just had some glitches fixed and an optimzation update. It has a lot of cool new features and cas but it is hard to enjoy the game when it runs poorly and freezes over an oil plug. If you are planning on getting this, WAIT TO BUY. Just give it a little time and see if any updaes to improve stability and fix bugs comes out. The poor stability of the game combined with the glitches that freeze the game are making the game unenjoyable and I do not recommend the game at this moment (7/29/17). I would be good otherwise I think, but right now, it needs some help."
,Not Recommended,645630,33875182,Posted: 29 July,all,Flunkus,"Can't push myself to play this anymore until they fix it up. Should never have been released in this state.Main issues-Mouse acceleration is absolutely unacceptable. Makes clicking the already confusing UI a nightmare-Optimisation issues, as many have mentioned. I have an OCed i7 and two GTX980s and even on their 'recommended while they fix optimisation' medium settings I'm only getting 70fps. Ultra was roughly ~40fps-Bugs that should never be in a public release, such as the UI text not showing up. Even pressing escape from certain menus doesn't let you leave the menu so you have to select something to get out of it. Amateur issues that shouldn't be here.-Day one DLC (which I unfortunately bought anyway) makes everything above particularly tough to swallow.This game has a tremendous amount of promise and I loved the previous titles in the series. Looking forward to when they fix it and I can come back and adjust my review. For now, though; I can't play any longer."
,Not Recommended,645630,34356404,Posted: 19 August,all,Joseph Black,"Devs asked us to stay put with this new iteration of Car Simulator. As a newbie to the francise I did just that.And I held my hopes high. I have watched let's plays of the previous iteration and around the time I was ready to play it for myself this new version came out. I decided to hop on board.What I found was a more arcade-feel of what I had seen in previous installments. However disappointing, it is called Car Mechanic SIMULATOR after all. I was still hit with optimism. The game was going to be good eventually.I had seen update after update and the buggy mess at release (for which I was given a doscount for) eventually ironed out.As a petrolhead it is a lot of fun to dissect your favourite rides. (My first ride was a Mazda, so this was really fun to explore). And you can get to explore a lot more replicated cars besides the DLC Mazda Rotary cars and Dodge Classics.It feels just right.Until you have done it all.I am now at level 16 and that high note you would reach at level 30 (paintshop FTW) is a thing I no longer crave.The road towards level 30 becomes a crawl after the 30'th oil change and suspension repair.I know that true Car Mechanics are hit with a certain repetition in maintaining cars for costumers. But I felt if this was going to be the more Arcady-simulator (for example just like the Trauma Center series), then please go all the way.The game teases you with 'story-line' missions that ultimately amount to just another repair/replace of parts.Lastly the game does a poor job of explaining its overarching goal and gameplay mechanics. I had to look up what the shortcuts were for most of the main gameplay mechanics. That is basically a design sin. And that from a game series that seemed to me to know what hey were doing before.In general I would not recommend this game.Unless you really want to see the inner workings of a car, but hey that's also what YouTube is for and that is way more educational.PROS:- Dissect cars is fun for a petrolhead- Loads of car variation, incl. some actual Real world cars in DLC- Builing your garage, doing barn finds and test drives.CONS:- Gameplay becomes repetative FAST- Driving any car feels clunky. Even with the best gear tires etc. it's still a mess.- No incentive to level yourself to the max.- Not a real goal in the storyline.- Arcady-feel is a hit and miss."
76561198122102501,Not Recommended,645630,33893241,Posted: 29 July,all,Sazquatch,"This game is totally unplayable at this time the list of bugs just goes on and on and on until you get a black screen which forces you to alt+f4they delayed this game over and over and upon everyone raging at them playway basically begged everyone for good reviews and then you go and release this buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game was obviously hardly tested at all and rushed out the door.what they should have done is either delayed it more and actually said ""we are delaying because we ♥♥♥♥ed this game up and need so much more time to fix this unplayable piece of crap"" which i would of been fine with because i would rather a polished product over this. or released as a early alpha build......bad form playway..... terrible form..... do not buy this until it has some major patches come out.if you cant even get the damn radio to work properly do you think you should be releasing this to us and having the balls to beg us not to come down hard on you and reddot devs for it...... complete morons.... play CMS15 insteadand to all you people saying this is ok to have happend because its first day of launch and all.... i say to you thisthis is not a early access..... yes a few bugs are ok but game breaking bugs which prove the devs never tested this past the tutorial which is also bugged and poorly optimised... we are paying for a finished polished product and we got ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥by this game"
,Recommended,645630,33891271,Posted: 29 July,all,Porky,Everyone is complaining about performance but i have no issues.
76561198010439527,Not Recommended,645630,34418576,Posted: 22 August,all,Floki,"This is not the game that was promised on release, the bug list is a mile long, the features presented in the store page are NOT in the game only promised at a later date. They removed features before release and have promised that when they are ready they will be released. Take a long look at all the problems in the discussion page before you waste your money as many of us did on release day."
,Not Recommended,645630,33901333,Posted: 30 July,all,-✰ RemorselessX ✰-,Dont buy. right now way too unoptimised.
76561197983082568,Not Recommended,645630,34488428,Posted: 25 August,all,Blue64,"CMS 2018 on Steam PC5/10 Too many bugs (still after a month).I had to uninstall, I will try again in six months.I can't take the endless updates.I can't take the broken inverted y axis.I loved CMS 2014. A thousand tears."
,Recommended,645630,33897057,Posted: 29 July,all,TheBlindDragon,"This game had a rough start. But thats okay, because this game has already been mostly fixed and it hasn't even been 2 days. The devs worked on this game out of love and passion and not for money. This game deserves more love than its getting currently. Thats why I'm leaving this review, because the devs AND the game deserve it."
,Recommended,645630,33865466,Posted: 28 July,all,Phantasma,"So i've put quite a few hours into this, and not stopping yet. Here's a genuin review.A VERY important note:They should have delayed the launch by a week or so as a lot of the original bugs in this were game breaking, this is why there is a bulk of negative reviews. There is STILL bugs butalmostall of the game breaking (i.e. have to reset save) have been patched, unfortunatly there were parts of the game that are unavailable and therefore this game was breaking VALVe's STEAM rules by false advertising features. Rightfully so, this may continue to get negative reviews.Anyway, here's some pro's and con's ...PRO++++ Very high level of detail, you know the deal with CMS+++ Textures are lovely+++ The price is fantastic (ATOW £15 w/o sale)+++ The working features are brilliant, lots to do+++ Arguably better set up than CMS15++ (personal) Easy to form a attachment to your barn find junk cars, many cars I can't bring my self to sell++ Garage feels more homely, the upgrade/leveling system is nice++ Auction, Junk yard, test track are all improved over CMS15 by farCON---- Optimisation is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor at the moment---- No detailed video options--- leveling (thus garage upgrades) is slow-- There's a weird micro delay with driving and some other features-- The new UI is good, but CMS15 fans will probbaly not like the lack of hotkeys (I know I don't)SUPER ULTRA MALE VITALITY CON-------- Some features like performance parts,car salon, dyno, etc etc aren't implamented yetWhy a positive review this early?Look at all the other reviews, they have mostly under 2 hours game play, what the hell can you achive in 2 hours? This is not a quick game to progress in and features should not be looked over quickly, in 30 hours I'm only just level 20 and I'm taking my time with each car and learning the game. If you play your games to achive escapism this game will last a while imo.For reference:1080Ti + i7-E Hexcore + 16gb DDR4 = ~50fps at 1440p Medium settings. I'm waiting for an optimisation patch to run at 4k."
76561198018623487,Recommended,645630,34892949,Posted: 11 September,all,hpexpress,"I want to first thank the developers for all the hard work they are putting into the game, By all the patches and keeping us updated on the games status.I really like the game I can spend hours on hours playing, Thats how you know it's a good game when it's 1:00 in the afternoon and then it's almost 8:00 at night.I would like to see if the developers could possibly let us put our cars in the auctions and maybe down the road put out an dlc where we could chop cars roof down make t-buckets street rods so on.As for the haters every game comes out with bugs just be patient the developers time.To the developers great game."
76561197987406707,Recommended,645630,33862061,Posted: 28 July,all,kardo666,"Bigger and better than 2015. Luckily no bugs for me. Stabile framerate.  Delayed launch was awful, but game is pretty good. Slightly different controls."
76561198039302614,Recommended,645630,33869671,Posted: 28 July,all,8th | Maniac,"Cannot even start the game after it crashed on me the first time. Just black screens upon start up every time now. Looks like a good game from what I saw before the crash, just fix it  quickly devs."
,Recommended,645630,33864019,Posted: 28 July,all,deadbob777,"Quick review after some time playing. The game isn't running that badly, i5 7600k and GTX1070 sc easily getting over 60fps, only minor bugs as expected with any game at launch. Controls are different than previous games but easy to pick up if you have at least half a brain, just as fun as previous games with extra added complexities, honestly, doesn't deserve the bad reviews it's been getting so far. More detailed review once the game is updated and fixed more."
76561198073543639,Recommended,645630,33869666,Posted: 28 July,all,charliedrums,Devs are working on bugs and are responsive with patches. Good game if you liked CMS2015 you’ll like this one.
76561198130370262,Recommended,645630,33861005,Posted: 28 July,all,LtDew,"Congrats PlayWay and Red Dot on a job well done :) yeah there may be a little lag here and there but thats to be exspected in a new game but nothing game brakeing on my end im playing on High (Computer Specs AMD A10-7700k, 32GB Ram, with a GTX 1070 8GB) getting 45-50 fps in my opinion this game is by far better then CMS 15 lots more things to do will add more once i get a few more hrs in.."
76561198056055446,Recommended,645630,33860516,Posted: 28 July,all,WarDog_QC,"the devs fixed launch issues very fast with alot of updates, ALOT OF FREAKING UPDATES :) The game is super fun and looks awesome maxed out with a good pc. I also own it on another family account that's why my playtime is low on here."
,Recommended,645630,34852856,Posted: 9 September,all,marb71,In my humble opinion this is the best car simulator at this time.I espended a lot of hours on him and with the mods more stuff to do and discover.
,Recommended,645630,34855371,Posted: 10 September,all,Alex925,"If you love cars and fixing them, then this is the right game for you! After many patches the game is pretty good optimized and the gamplay & graphics are awesome. I really recommend this game!"
76561197977892146,Recommended,645630,34825501,Posted: 8 September,all,M6Hurricane,"Take parts off and put them on.Upon launch, the game had TON of problems. But the developer has done a lot of work, which is evidenced by the Overwhelmingly Negative to Mixed (such a large positive swing in about a month is no small taskl). They continue to release updates and improve their game, so at this point they have corrected their mistake and brought the game to where it should have been at launch. However, they still have the debt to pay of wasting our time, and they are continuing to release updates to make up for that.Ok, now for a review of the game itself. Basically, you start by repairing cars, and eventually you can buy a car, strip off all the parts, put all new parts, and sell it (sort of like a restoration). There are various ways to get parts and vehicles. The core gameplay is really putting parts onto cars and taking them off. It's a game with no time limits, so you can go as fast or slow as you want.As someone who like cars, I find this game to be an awesome game to play when it's late and I don't want to get all bananas for something like DOTA or Prey or DOOM. I absolutely recommend this game, as it's trying to be something new and is fairly well executed (albeit recently lol)."
,Not Recommended,645630,33930828,Posted: 31 July,all,luni csgobig.com,Great game I love it but I lost my ♥♥♥♥ing save twice now and only wasted 3 hours of completley rebuilding a daytona. Forget about playing this until it is resolved. Kms
76561198073229691,Not Recommended,645630,33932462,Posted: 31 July,all,Motor Head,"An unfinished game where half the stuff doesn't work and the other half is missing. This game(and any other) should have NEVER been released in this state. Even the DLC's are screwed up. This game will be released on consoles and right now were the test rats to fix all the bugs before that time. Maybe us PC players should all get free DLC's for our time since I myself didn't purchase this game to be a beta tester. I will say that the Dev's are bustin' their humps with updates to fix alot of the issues, but still no excuse for releasing an unfinished product imo."
76561198097861618,Not Recommended,645630,33938180,Posted: 31 July,all,AdvancedShoe,"The game had a very bumpy start, but the devs are working on smoothing things out and I give them credit for trying and taking the time to push out updates everyday to fix their mistakes. The devs came out saying that they will implement the missing features such as the dyno, performance parts, the car salon, and the racetrack at a later time so at least they aren't going to turn that stuff into dlc like they originally stated on their facebook. I still don't recommend it in it's current state as it is more like an early access game than anything, so I would give it some time before you buy as it's just not ready right now."
76561198387313034,Not Recommended,645630,33991799,Posted: 3 August,all,UnicornExpress,Its a complete mixed bag of emotions!Played yesterday and run perfect. All contents of the map was working e.g barn and test track etc.Come on today after the recent update/bugfix and its like 50% of the game. Only bit of my map working is garage and test track.I find myself shutting and reopening the game multiple times in a 1 or 2 hour session.
,Not Recommended,645630,33931672,Posted: 31 July,all,bill4725,this isnt a video game its a vicera and blood strewn crimescene
76561198375159814,Not Recommended,645630,33932716,Posted: 31 July,all,ryansands6,I don't recommend this game because it is to laggy and i cant even start the game because of it.
,Not Recommended,645630,34018948,Posted: 4 August,all,R05340728,"As of Patch 1.09, I cannot in good conscience recommend that anyone purchase CMS 2018.  There are still a few content items that are listed as features that do not work yet, and a look at the Bug thread in the Discussion forum will show that there is still much work to be done to get the game stable, feature complete, and relatively frustration free. Having said that, the game does show promise, the game play mechanics added since CMS 2015 are an improvement to the series;  I think that once the issues the developers are struggling with are resolved, it should be quite fun.  But as it stands as of 1.09, the issues that pop up make what should be a fun experience an exercise in frustration.I think there is room for improvement in the UI, its pretty obvious that it was designed with consoles in mind.  In some respects, it has some merits, but I think it makes for a somewhat clunky experience on PCs.  It may be painful from a development standpoint, but I honestly hope they either provide a choice of interfaces, or they revert back to the interface used in CMS 2015 for the PC version of 2018. Ive played about 449 hours of CMS 2015, the majority of that time on Expert Mode, and can tell you that its UI was a much smoother experience.As far as graphics goes, they do look pretty good, but again, there is some room for improvement.  Even on some high end cards, there are framerate and stuttering issues present.  They should also consider ""turning down the shine"" on some surfaces, such as the effect on the brake rotors, at certain angles, the glare is pretty strong.  They made good strides in performance and memory usage on CMS 2015 over time, so I think once the major issues are resolved, the graphic tuning should also be resolved after further development.I also think there is a good opportunity to go a bit further with the series, other car related games such as My Summer Car and Revhead are modeling systems such as electrical, ignition timing, drivetrain mechanics, and cooling systems, so with this being a ""mechanic simulator"", it would stand to reason that they should also do more systems modeling as well.  As of today, its pretty basic, but my hope is that they consider stepping things up in this area, it would go a long way in increasing immersion.  Component wear is another feature that is overlooked; it seems like a small thing, but this is a game about fixing cars, it is a little odd that once fixed, they stay that way no matter how much they are driven afterwards.  Again, other games has explored this particular mechanic, and implemented properly, it does add to the experience.So in conclusion, my opinion is to give the developer a few more weeks to work out the issues and finalize implementation of the features that were promoted prior to release.  Once that happens, I definitely think it will be a game worth spending your hard earned money on."
,Not Recommended,645630,33930518,Posted: 31 July,all,King Cashio,"Broken game.Black screens, game-breaking bugs, Paid DLC already in the store and this game should be in Early Access at best.I would wait for patches.  A lot of them."
,Not Recommended,645630,33987430,Posted: 3 August,all,Kazyclay,Played 20 hours and have hit more game breaking bugs then I care to count;I'm not talking about hidden bugs or glitches  that would be hard to find or dependent on your computer. I'm talking about the kind of bugs that makes you wonder if there was even a single QA person.You will not be able to play this game without hitting some very annoying bugs.Do not buy this game; Consider it early access;just look at the discussions on the game's forum before you buy.
76561198146491514,Not Recommended,645630,34046282,Posted: 5 August,all,ACIDSUN,why is not running when i start new game. too many crashes when i start. this product needs fix.
76561198165182958,Not Recommended,645630,33928165,Posted: 31 July,all,cjanson3,"It would appear that this game was a little rushed as I have never seen so many bugs on a freshly released game, however I love the concept, as I had much fun with CMS-15.I trust the devs to sort out the bugs in time, but at the moment, I just cannot recommend this game.  In it's current form it is unplayable.  There is no real tutorial, so navigating the game mechanics are very confusing, and it is very poorly optimized.  My computer is a little better than the minimum recommended spec, but on medium settings, I can barely get over 30fps (This may just be my system, so take this info lightly).  If you bought it now, great!  Just know that you won't be able to actually play it until some major bugs are taken care of.  If you haven't yet bought it, I'd wait.I trust the devs.  You should too.**MESSAGE TO THE DEVS** -- I think you ought to market the game in its current state as ""early access.""  This is far below the quality I'd expect of a full release."
76561198083713496,Not Recommended,645630,33884593,Posted: 29 July,all,Land_Dog,"Edit: Ok so after playing some more, i changed my mind about the game and i must edit my review, the game has an infinite amount of problem, it has so mutch bugs that its almost unenjoyable.Original Review: Overall the game is good, i like ti but it has lots of little anoying bugs, sometimes its freezing for no reason, for ex i took the oil cap off of a v8 and it froze, another time when i put a car on testing. After trying to salvage bad parts and failing the components would spawn into the concrete in front of the entrances.... and the list could go on. Only a few hours passed since the realece so bugs and little problem here and there are to be expected."
76561198058528820,Not Recommended,645630,33891946,Posted: 29 July,all,mbiggs31183,"Bought this with high hopes but after spending hours on this game only to have to start from the begining TWICE is ridiculous. The first time was when I removed a drain plug in the tutorial. Boom! Game frozen. So after many, many jobs and building up funds, I go to do a path test, and I can't get out of the car, and everything is just stuck. Another restart. Why? Because the developers are too lazy to create an autosave feature! You have to exit to the main menu just to save the game! How stupid is that?? Overall I'd say don't waste your money on this bug infested nightmare nest of code. I'm sorry I did."
76561198281473721,Not Recommended,645630,33953372,Posted: 1 August,all,Under Sheriff Joey (X-9),Right Now This game is getting a 0/5 from me i can do 1 or 2 cars then the game freezes and force closes it self if this fixed this i would be happy to change this review but as of right now whatever update u guys keep doing is not much better then before low FPS on Medium settings i have to go to Low in order to play with no lagNEEDS FIXING ASAPDO NOT BUY RIGHT NOW
,Not Recommended,645630,33979369,Posted: 2 August,all,Monkius,"(Review written after 22 hours of game time)To sum up:- People are right about the optimization, the game is a definite resource-hog.- The game was full of bugs at release and still is. Steam has a system for games like this called ""Early Access"" and this game was not released under said system. (Edit: they seem to have worked rather feverishly to eliminate most of them.)- On day one, the game came with DLC that added a whopping 50% to the game's price tag. Why not just include everything in the game and sell it for a bit more?- I suspect that all of this is due to Playway (the publisher)'s greed, rather than anything Red Dot Games did. This is backed up by the fact that Red Dot have been working diligently to eliminate the plethora of bugs as quickly as possible, as well as the fact that the game is titled ""2018"" and was released in 2017. The previous games were released same-year, so the developers may have been coerced into an early release by the publishers.- Whatever the case may be, I hope that this review convinces whomever was involved in this game's release failure to start making some more intelligent decisions in the future:If you must release an incomplete game, do so under Early Access.Use DLC as a way to be compensated for the incremental improvements you make to the game, instead of as a cash-grab right out of the gate.If you make a mistake, own up to it and accept the bad reviews, rather than trying to emotionally manipulate people via the Steam message boards."
76561198072130489,Not Recommended,645630,33894259,Posted: 29 July,all,jes_s,I JUST PLAYED FOR 3 HOURS AND GOT A BLACK SCREEN AND WENT FROM LEVEL 28 TO 26 IM DONE
,Not Recommended,645630,33945960,Posted: 1 August,all,Gameracer3,Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ cant even start the game without it crashing/freezing and when i do eventually start a game its so laggy i cant even play it. Needs to be more preperation before the release
76561198018124928,Not Recommended,645630,33957732,Posted: 1 August,all,ASSASSIN-LEON-73,Complete waste of time.save the gam it crash when you reload. more bugs than anything ive even seen. aviod. dead game
,Recommended,645630,35487086,Posted: 4 October,all,Kordiack,"Bought the 2014 and 2015 car mechanic simulator, and I've always been a fan! This game is much more detailed and brings a lot more mechanic techniques than the previous games. Honestly, the car restoration part was what got me really exicted!"
,Recommended,645630,35224799,Posted: 26 September,all,DahTripleJ27,Its probably a good game but its still not perfect. I still can not really play the game without lag.. (this may be because i've got an older pc but still with good specs.) I would like to play this game more but I dont really like the low frames that im getting. ( it has been worse when the game just came out)
76561198139147719,Recommended,645630,35000431,Posted: 16 September,all,whitmore1991,For people struggling with the keyboard just too let u guys know that the xbox one controller works great with this game :) and no need to set up either
,Recommended,645630,35074144,Posted: 19 September,all,ThieveryisanArt,"It's already working with more detail than the 2015 flavor of CMS in terms of general repair and parts. I would definitely recommend this game, however I would recommend waiting until more content is implemented.As it stands now, CMS 2018 is a good ""Repair Garage Sim"" but it's still lacking some of the great parts of 2015 (Like Engine Swapping and Performance Parts) I miss taking some old rust bucket, ripping out the old engine and entirely changing the engine type, displacement, and/or aspiration and rebuilding from the ground up with performance parts, that was the best part! Unfortunately, at this time, all you can do in 2018 is restore a car back to stock.I have no doubts that this game would easily beat out 2015 once all the promised features are put in place, as it is however, I'd wait on this one."
76561197989678602,Recommended,645630,35116635,Posted: 21 September,all,Choubeka [BE],nice simulator i have pleasure to play it
76561198272744471,Recommended,645630,35397151,Posted: 1 October,all,MotoRider,"I would recommend this game to anyone who has a slight interest in cars. It may not be perfect but it is a hell of a lot of fun.The community around this game is supportive so if you do have a problem I am sure someone here will help you out. The developers are working hard to keep improving this game and I wouldn't be too  concerned about bugs as the game is very playable.The poor reviews are warranted and people are welcome to have their opinion but just because one person does not like the interface dial for example it does not mean you will not, I work fine with it, the entire game works fine for me.The modding community is pretty good and hopefully when the steam workshop is introduced it will all be streamlined and the modder base will expand. Even now I have an impressive list of cars in the parking lot. When you do get a little bored you can get into the game editor and drop a supercharged v8 into your favorite car, lower it, move anything you want and make your dream car. This is almost as much fun as the game itself.Enjoy it, it's well worth the money"
76561198256914529,Recommended,645630,34961758,Posted: 14 September,all,HondaDelSol,Honestly not tooo much diffrent from cms2015 besides just new buildings a few cars sprig comppresor real tire chanin and a few other things. i would recomend it though.
,Recommended,645630,34985546,Posted: 15 September,all,nuseone,it is still a work in progress but it's getting better
76561198055547416,Recommended,645630,35121645,Posted: 21 September,all,GeniusIron,"I personally love this game, although i wouldnt say its a simulation game. Its very numbed down compared to real life mechanics but this will teach you the basics of how acar is built and how it works. I enjoy this game very much coming from someone who has worked a few cars. My biggest COMPLAINT however is my particular games is garunteed to crash within an hour tops. I am constantly crashing with no idea why. I hope this id a public issue and not just one formyself. other than that i love this game, very fun and attracting."
,Recommended,645630,35136482,Posted: 22 September,all,Clawww,This game is so cool
76561198019158927,Recommended,645630,35454278,Posted: 3 October,all,bosses_bo,great game and the new functions make it more realistic.The graphics has not changed much but the paint seems to be superior to its older siblings.//Love from a weird guy.
76561197974103372,Recommended,645630,35056936,Posted: 18 September,all,myrddynx,"A great game!   I've read that it was buggy on initial release, but as of now it's highly playable and lots of fun."
,Recommended,645630,35196719,Posted: 24 September,all,Britt,"87/100omg.... I literally lost an entire week to this game. I don't even care about cars and I find myself really enjoying learning about where the parts go and renovating vehicles. I haven't played any of the other CMS games, and I got this game a month and a half after its apparently buggy launch - so I have received no bugs! Lets go over it shall we?pros:+level your skills up+easy for non-gearheads to understand how to build a car without being pedantic+addictive gameplay that keeps you glued to the screen+diagnosing problems is funcons:-The tutorial is just awful. I had a hard time getting past it.-THE MUSIC! I turn off the radio and turn up my youtube-Can't really customize the vehicles too much-Game doesn't seem like it has a lot of replay value once I master all the skills-driving controls are bad but it doesn't matter since you don't actually drive too muchReview:I bought this game sort of on a whim because I enjoyed My Summer Car - building the car in that game was fun, but infuriating at times. I also figured this game would help me have a better understanding of cars and their parts and I feel like I've gained some new insights after rebuilding about 15 cars. You start off in a small shop and all you have to do is start taking small jobs like brakes or adding oil into the car. When I initially started playing I was stuck on the tutorial, then finally slogged through that unhelpful thing and began the actual game. I had to youtube how to change oil and find a few parts on the vehicle when I could find them, but after googling just a few parts I got the hang of things and it was not a consistent problem.I can't concisely pin down why, but the real joy of the game came for me when I finally got together enough money to buy a barn car. I was broke afterwards and had to take on a lot more jobs but each time I got about $10,000 I dumped it into my barn car and replaced everything until it was in mint condition. There is a sort of 'story mode' contract in the game and I've done about 4 or 5 and no story has emerged yet, but I know there's more to this game than I have fully experiened yet.I recommend this game if you enjoyed my summer car, if you love cars, if you want to learn about cars, or if you just think the game looks intriguing. It's worth the money. I might try to get all the acheivements I enjoy it so much."
,Recommended,645630,35230957,Posted: 26 September,all,Killswitchkitten -iwnw-,Leveling up is a very grind heavy process. But overall the game is great and fun. Not super realistic in some aspects. As a car enthusiast I love this game. The DLCs really add to the experience. I can't wait for more.
,Recommended,645630,35379518,Posted: 1 October,all,Frans Bauer,"Amazing game.Pros:- Disassemble cars without actually owning a car- An awesome selection of cars, though we miss some of the legends- Developers actually work on their game- So many rims- Tuning DLC coming out in a week- DLC's actually add value to the game- Gain knowledge of how a car works by playing a game- You can walk around in junkyards and car salons- It just worksCons:- No diesel engines to my knowledge (I am level 25 so maybe they are yet to come)- Not a big variety in engines, though they got a lot of them- Turbochargers in about 5 cars- 100% body panel condition = not a spot of rust, 99% body panel condition = rusted over- Day 1 - 7 of the game were horrible (Now its good tho)- Sounds could be better- No bulk buy option- You need to be level 30 to paint cars, after 40 hours im level 25"
,Recommended,645630,34902329,Posted: 12 September,all,Alien Hic,"i will say its still got some bugs here and there but other from that WOW just wow, graphics are fantastic, the layout of the game is really nice, striping and rebuilding is really good, and i will say this is one of the best Car Mechanic Simulator iv playedGOOD JOB ON MAKING THE GAME"
,Recommended,645630,35283621,Posted: 28 September,all,DouchGrenade,"So, I figured I would add this review for the help of others and those who would be curious about the game.First of all, a little about myself and my thoughts behind this for my review. I'm a mechanic, went to school for it, certified, everything. Now based on that, I love this game. I really really do. What I look for in a simulator is realism, functionality, graphics, playability, difficulty, etc.First: This game is a terrific puzzle game that gives you the basics of how a cars functions work from bumper to bumper. now keep in mind its not COMPLETELY like a car. You dont have wirings, hoses, brake lines, fuel lines, etc to worry about so its aGENERALIZED SIMULATORwhich makes it perfect for absolute beginners who wanna learn basic things all the way to grizzled sim vets and real mechanics such as myself that just wanna have a good time.Second: The game was released in a very very rocky state and the developers did admit that multiple times and apologized for that on several occasions and for that I have a TON of respect for them. It takes a lot of balls to admit that, especially when you see most games devs who blame it on other stuff. I have major respect fort them, specially since they have been patching and patching nonstop to fix it. They are doing a fantastic job.Third: Some of the things in the game can ACTUALLY be used in real life. Such as brake jobs for example. Take the caliper off, take the pads off, replace them. Most people dont know how to do that or even what a caliper looks like. This will teach you some very very basic things you can translate into real life.Fourth: You have the option to fully restore cars from the junkyard. Its the best feeling in the world taking a rusted piece of junk and making it show room worthy. For those of us that dont have 30/40 grand to drop to do that in real life, hers your chance to drop 30/40 grand and make your dream car.Fifth: The game can be kinda buggy, but it more than makes up for it with the playability.Overall, its a very well made game with more and more features being added every patch and bugfixes as well. At first I was skeptical, now im a believer that the devs really do care about us (the fan base) and really do listen to us. You really should give this game a chance, especially if you like cars, and love fixing them even more."
,Recommended,645630,34884058,Posted: 11 September,all,Sim UK,"This game was released with a huge number of annoying bugs and No Steam Workshop support!!!!I don't care I love this game lol and honestly it is the best of all of their released Mechanic Simulator titles.Workshop support is coming which is great!The car driving physics are the best they have ever been (could be a lot better)I don't agree with gaining access to the scrap yard after ranking up to level 30 or whatever, just let us decide how we play our game lol.Top game buy now end of review :-)Gameplay Here :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juY09hxSIAQ&list=PL-Al6rzTlW-gu8yCraJAJfw2-Y07B1fmg"
,Recommended,645630,34487751,Posted: 25 August,all,Tex_Gaming,Great game! I started with very little knowledge about the parts the make cars run. Car Mechanic simulator has actually taught me a lot.
,Recommended,645630,34514607,Posted: 26 August,all,Mincemeat,"A brilliant and engrossing simulator, definatly worth the money considering the devs put out patchs every 10 minutes XDSure, it has a lot of bugs and little things that need changing, but doens;t most games? With the dedication of the developers, this game is getting better and smoother by the day :)8/10 Gameplay10/10 Devs10/10 Regular new content10/10 Modding community :DOverall a 9/10 :) Good jobs Guys, make sure to keep up the patchs and dedication to your game :)"
76561198306154266,Recommended,645630,33868116,Posted: 28 July,all,BlueMax,"A real review for someone considering to buy.....First, I have had absolutely zero performance issues with this game. I do not have a $4,000 computer either.  I have a 480 and an I5 and I've had zero problems or black screens on any setting I have tried.  The devs have already released patches hours after launch addressing some bugs and issues people didnt like.   This instantly makes 95% of all reviews of this game invalid but nobody is going to update their review I'm sure.Now on to what really matters...Is the game fun?  For me yes it is. I like simulation games so for me its fun.  If you do not like ""mechanical"" stuff or simulation games, don't buy it.  The tutorial  makes zero sense and if you miss the pop ups you will have no clue what to do.    There are people complaining about having to change all 4 tires instead of a instant completion on all 4 when you replace one wheel.    It can become a bit bland doing the same thing over and over and over.  Trust me, you are going to replace brake pads for awhile.    I like it so far but have a long way to go in game."
,Not Recommended,645630,33927622,Posted: 31 July,all,~* BiZZ Keryear *~,"Great game !It has all we ever wanted from the Car Mechanic Simulator franchise ...except it is too buggy right now ... wait a few day / weeks before buying it, they are working hard to get it playable."
76561198008398020,Not Recommended,645630,33928889,Posted: 31 July,all,Robinicus,"I saw all the negative reviews but wanted to try it anyway; this is a complete POS at this point. You can't map anything or set any sensativities so even if you do the test drive to get around all the crashes in the tutorial the car is undrivable unless you only want to use WASD. Without being able to adjust the sensativity of the controls, even that is useless.I can't believe anyone feels this is ready for sale yet....no instructions, a tutorial that crashes all the time and an undrivable finished car.It is evident to me that any positive reviews are either from employees or fanbois...save yourself the frustration and do not buy this. Maybe it will eventually turn into something worthwhile but it sure is a POS right now."
76561198027168448,Recommended,645630,33899199,Posted: 30 July,all,asbuster,"Great game! A few bugs on release here and there, but the developers are busy 24/7 to fix those."
76561198046825188,Not Recommended,645630,33981219,Posted: 2 August,all,Anhotny,"No ability to turn off tutorial, seroius movement and mouse drift, a memory leak, and an fps that seems to top at 30 and regularly drops below 1. Go look at how much I've played Arma 2 and Arma 3 for proof that I'm not running on a potatoe with a monitor plugged in and it has such severe performance issues that it is currently unplayable for the ammount of frustration it causes."
76561197970489784,Not Recommended,645630,34048080,Posted: 5 August,all,Sharkie,"Most of the good stuff like restoring old, battered cars bought at a cheap price and sold for profit is locked away behind an atrocious levelling system. You have to be level 30+ to open the paint shop and welder. Expect to sink many hours into this game before being able to do the things advertised. By that stage the only simulation aspect you will experience is that of a boring, monotonous, soul sucking job.I won't ever buy another CSM, the dev's have no idea how to make a game enjoyable, which is the opposite of what a computer game is meant to be."
,Not Recommended,645630,33931007,Posted: 31 July,all,man of the hour,"badly opted, some times i have cars that come in and say ""yeah i have 99% car parts"" then you see the body of the car and its rusted to♥♥♥♥♥♥ day one dlc that is for 10$ is just not ok, put in the game or dont at all, and if you make more cars you should either put it in for FREE or make a season pass to buy the cars"
76561198043416947,Not Recommended,645630,33911765,Posted: 30 July,all,John Kain,"2018 is in the game's name for a reason. Because only by 2018 developers will fix most of the bugs and implement features that were advertised during launchOr at least they will try to.About the game:If you are familiar with CMS2015 then CMS2018 is a technically advanced version of it.Graphics are up significantly;More parts can be worked with and customized (windows, seats, benches, wheels);New paint options (different types of paint and liveries);Few new tools and workplaces (engine stand, wheel balancing stands, interior cleaning kit, battery charger, shock absorbers stand);More ways to get cars (car salon, barn or junkyard).And that's about it.CMS2018 is an evolution of CMS2015 with some missing DLCs (no tuning or performance parts, no engine swaps, no big brands like Mercedes, Maserati or Bentley).So if you are a looking for more Car Mechanic Simulator, you can get CMS2018 on a next sale.If you are not familiar with Car Mechanic Simulators… well they are (oddly enough) about simulating a car mechanic. A bit of edutainment with a lot of repetitive actions some people find meditative.You get a car (either as a job, or to fix and resell it), find what parts are broken and replace them with new ones. Job done. Next one.There is a progression system what will let you do that same stuff faster.I find getting some 1970s rusty bucket and turning it into a mint condition beauty entertaining. If you are up for games with repetitive gameplay, you may too.As an added caveats:Trailer is highly misinformative (no Ebaylike auction is in the game, no Plymouth cars are either, also no animations of you actually fixing anything, and there is nowhere to ride in your car except an empty airfield and an empty racetrack);Performance parts and more cars are in the game files yet they are locked awaiting to become DLCs (In the junkyard I found few W12 parts, yet there are now W12 cars in the game. Also found broken red performance parts, yet there is no tuning options in the game for now);Consolised controls with minimal hotkeys. You can't even quicksave with a hotkey or save at all if you are looking at the car because controls are content sensitive (set of controls available to you depends on what you are aiming at).Outro:If you like meditative (yet highly repetitive) gameplay of previous Car Mechanics, get this on sale.Otherwise, you may want to skip it, or wait for -75%.Disclaimer:This review does not contain any legal statements. Everything written here is a personal opinion and nothing else.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorBeware the ""poopy"" console port!At the moment this game is unplayable.FPS is abysmal on any hardwareBare bones configuration menu (only resolution, VSync and texture quality)Game is build for a controller so playing with mouse is a pain (mouse smoothing can't be turned off)Game is build for a controller so playing with keyboard is a pain (only ESC is used in the game, no quick keys for anything, controls are not customizable)Save function doesn't workBugs everywhere (crashes, freezes, etc)Considering how quite a few bugs in Car Mechanic 2015 (previous game) are still not fixed there is no telling if they will fix this one any time soon.Especially with priority on consolesEspecially with the Devs being silent since release.You have been warned!Other than that Car Mechanic 2018 is basically an overcomplicated Car Mechanic 2015 with much nicer graphics."
76561197995657756,Not Recommended,645630,33919609,Posted: 30 July,all,Bloody_looser,Refund button works.
76561198055648643,Not Recommended,645630,33981844,Posted: 2 August,all,Magoo,"As of right now I cannot recommend this game at all. There are numerous game breaking bugs. It seems the last few patches have broken more than they have fixed. This games has a lot of potential but there are just way too many bugs in its current state. At the time of this review, the game is completely unplayable due to a bug that forces me to force close the game making me lose all my progress. However, the developer has been updating the game daily to try and fix the problems. I will update my review when I feel the game deserves to be recommended. Stay away from this game in its current state."
76561198038566607,Not Recommended,645630,33988836,Posted: 3 August,all,doughnut001,DO NOT BUY THIS GAMEIt's incredibly buggy and although there have been a few patches there seem to be new bugs replacing any they fix.Even if you can get past the bugs there is a large amount of missing content which was previously promised and the devs are being extremely cagey about whether content will be available in the base game or via paid DLC.A cynical person might say this is to make people play the game beyond the steam refund time limit. That is certainly what has happened to me. I believed devs claims about fixing the game and adding content and now can't get a refund.Anyone complaining abut this gets banned from the forums. They are putting an awful lot of effort into covering up theshady practices involved with this game.
76561198017951566,Not Recommended,645630,34067230,Posted: 6 August,all,cmerrill00,"It is reasonable to expect some issues with a new release of a game, but this game takes that to a whole other level. I have  been a part of alpha testing on games that are more complete than this game was on week 2 of its actual release. The developers have been working hard at fixing all of the issues and that is great... But the game should have never been released, or should have had an alpha/beta stage like alot of other games on steam.As of right now I have 60+ hours into this game and as of last night I ran into an issue with a bugged story mission that causes the game to not load anymore. This is not a one off, or a random error.. Anyone who gets to this point of the story missions will run into this issue and will no longer be able to load the saved game. This is not acceptable.The dev team, or the people communicating on Steam forums on behalf of the dev teams are obviously not able to handle the critics of this game. After a week of being game testers (who paid full price for the game under the impression that it was a full complete game) people got fed up and started requesting refunds, and helping others in the forums with instructions on how to get a refund. The dev teams started banning people from posting and removing posts with the information.Have I had fun with the game so far? Yes..Will i ever reccomend this game to anyone? No.Will I ever by a game with the red dot name on it again? No.I personally think that steam should start thinking about stopping the  purchase of games when issues like this come up, until the developers can properly test and tune a game. 1 week after a release you can expect some bumps.. This was not a bump, this was a company looking for game teseters that will actually pay for the game up front.. Steam is providing that service to these companies  unless they attempt to do something to stop the behavior."
76561197966084832,Not Recommended,645630,33934168,Posted: 31 July,all,KnightMuus,"At the moment the game is very badly optimised and in a very unstable state. Wait a long time before buying.If this game was in early access, then its was fine, but i did pay for a full game release. they have locked many things in the game because its just not working at all. i feel like a beta tester. SAD."
76561198046642949,Not Recommended,645630,33984309,Posted: 2 August,all,ChoP,Car engine disappears. You can't even work with it
76561198353054595,Not Recommended,645630,34009245,Posted: 3 August,all,colson,its not ready i havent even been able to play yet cus it crashes evry 50 seconds
76561197990010378,Not Recommended,645630,34048929,Posted: 5 August,all,dr_zampolit,"Wow, what a change.  All of the negative reviews, having a few minor bugs that I had to work around and still loving the game...until today.I have nearly 29 hours in, GRINDed my way to 25 getting ready for the ellusive level 30 so I could actually work on my cars(paint/body repair) and I get hit with the ""loading"" bug.  What happens is after you restart the game, it just hangs in loading your save game and its is now corrupted.Devs have not acknolwedged this so far, it is hitting people left and right with the recent patch(see forums), and those like me whom were patient...are now livid.I thought I would love this game and play it, regardless of what you do read it does or doesn't do...it doesn't matter as those whom are getting in the high levels are now getting locked out.It is not worth it...look for another game to invest in or help out a kickstarter for similar games to this whom may have a better quality associated with it."
,Not Recommended,645630,33913664,Posted: 30 July,all,Brimer,"I'm sorry to say but this game was not ready for release.1. Mouse cursor movment is very annoing.2. A lot of visual bugs, screws is in in line eith hole, parts are not even close to where they should be.3. Game frezzes at handing in the task and by that lost all game progress as there are no auto save function.There are more small annoying thing but this is what I thing is the top 3 game breaking bugsUntil this is fixed I would not recommend this game."
76561198081577520,Not Recommended,645630,33924798,Posted: 31 July,all,george.ward,"Major disappointment, Had the previous version ""Car Mechanic simulator 2015"" and it was great, this new version the pie menu system is clunky and awkward, also after playing for around 2-3 hours the game seems to freeze up, black screen when finishing a job, just generally loads of bugs. menu still works so you can exit and reload again. But because it has been played more than 2 hours steam and the garbage customer services don't want to hear about it and have no interest in giving a refund or offering any technical support. Just purchased myself an olulus rift. Guess who I'm not buying games from for it :)~Strongly advise people to wait until the bugs are fixed before purchasing this game, as steam don't care about helping you with it afterwords"
,Not Recommended,645630,34008501,Posted: 3 August,all,Prime,"I usually dont write reviews, but this product and its current state is impossible to overlook... so here it goes.The gameplay breaking bugs, like missing parts, jobs that cant be finished or crashes and corrupted saves (which is a problem if you just have 1 save slot so to say) aside... which I did inform on before but did want to give that game a fair chance anyway... what did really kill it for me is that graphic settings are so bugged right now and make it impossible for me to play.Let me explain this some more...The game has just very very basic graphic settings anyway... you can change the resolution, vsync, fullscreen and... graphic quality... thats it... for graphic quality you just have low/medium/high/ultra... the problem starts here. Everytime you start the game you gotta go into your settings and ""apply"" the settings everytime, else its borked graphic settings which lead to very low fps. Also if you have a geforce card in the 700-900 Generation range and because of really poor optimisation are just able to run the game in low/medium the game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥and even then runs not that well.Why is that? Well because their graphics prifle settings are by default a big pile of crap... cause on low you get everything off and low and what not, which looks very bad. But if you go up to medium, you would think you just get graphic effects activated like Anti Aliasing in a resonable amount... nope... you get lots of motion blur, SSAO and other effects many people dont need and make the game look better like 5% and need like 75% more graphics card power and I dont need those effects anyway. But on medium you just get a really low AA effect... so the game basically still looks a lot worse than Car mechanic simulator 15 (which runs and looks great for me by the way). Problem you have then with medium is, it runs poorly, because of all that mentioned other effects that get turned on and you dont have any control about putting those off like in every other game. There is not even a config file, where you could tweak it so it looks great FOR YOUR EYES and runs great on your machine.All that seems like its a cheap effort to have that game on consoles and then tuck a basic graphics menu on it and release THIS and then even that small effort is bugged to death and not working at all... so... yeah... I like the games before, especially Car mechanic simulator 15.... but your 18 version is a pile of crap and as I am writing this I did a refund.Why the refund? Cause there are SO many things broken, that its not a matter of 2-4 weeks to fix them all... they'll need quite longer and why should I waste money on something I might just be able to enjoy in 2-3 months from now? Nope sorry.I will revisit this games in earliest 3 months and see how it is then... but when I buy it next time I wait for a sale, maybe the october sale and hopefully get it 25% off or something like that. Why? Because I dont like it when devs release games in a state like that, even if they fix it, I'll get it on discount then or not at all, so they hopefully learn something from that if I vote with my wallet. I hope others will do the same!Thank you for your time"
,Not Recommended,645630,33880730,Posted: 29 July,all,marv3fan,"Way too many bugs..Needs optimization... The frame rate is horrible on a pc that can run most games on Ultra settings.The devs lack basic communication skills.And no, a lot of games released do not have this many first day bugs. No matter what anyone says.  Things are broken and will softlock your game so you cannot progress.There seems like there is a great concept there, atleast. Some of the new features are fun when they work."
76561198047977879,Not Recommended,645630,34004026,Posted: 3 August,all,SugarSkullz50,"Feels like I bought a V6 Mustang with Shelby logos all over it.Pros:Graphics are very impressive, very nice touch with the look of this gameOther then funny little bugs here and there, I had no game breakers.More tools, more cars, bigger workshop.Cons:SOOO much grinding, to the point of I can't do this no more grindingPie menu wheel.  i mean wtf? what was wrong with CMS15 keybindings?No real difference in flow from the previous gamesNo real immersion. You take car...You find Problem...Fix it...repeat.  Or you buy car....you find problem...fix it...sell it...repeat. Which is the point of the game but it could go a step further, maybe manage your business.On the fence about recommending it.  I would say if you want an uprade from CMS15 then go for it.  However I guess I was hoping it was a little more involved then just cookie cutter fix, sell, fix, sell, fix, sell like the previous games.  Its just more of the same but with a shiny new coat."
,Recommended,645630,34468704,Posted: 24 August,all,PowderGuy,"The Good : A lot of PartsThe Bad : A lot of Bug...Like ...Item slot sometime the parts will  never sell (Infinite Cash in Bump way)Unable rebuilt some Suspension. but able mount another suspension to swap this part to differnt kind you needed.Error ouucer while test the Engine on Engine stay.But if you got idea to avoid these thing, still good.Best for killing Time becasue Screwing Screws could spent you a lot of time."
,Not Recommended,645630,33902850,Posted: 30 July,all,Hxcee,"I really want to like this game... but the current state of the game is far to unfinished for me to even nearly recommend.I'm not gunna write a long review. In short, it's buggy, terribly optimised, the menus, options etc. are so poorly made (with no advanced graphics options). I'm not saying the entire game is bad, the way repairing, modifying etc. of cars works is well done as with the previous installments, but seemingly everything else is just awful"
76561197974828283,Not Recommended,645630,33906836,Posted: 30 July,all,pnosferatu,"I played CMS 15 for a long time. It was great, this game is so badly optimised, controls are poor and the tutorial is awful. I had to get a refund... I don't usually but this game sucks!"
76561198039608171,Not Recommended,645630,33936193,Posted: 31 July,all,Drunk Canadian,"Got the game and was excited to play. So here is how it went.....First time: game loads and do the tutorial. Start my first job and all goes well. Second job and half way through I can no longer remove and install anything on the car. Meh ok ill exit the game and try again... nope still not working.... exit game and reinstall game...Second Time: three jobs in and the same issue comes up. Cant remove or install anything. cant interact with antying. kinda mad... uninstall and try again......Third time 4 jobs in and the game glitches and starts duplicating items in my inventory and then nothing will install or uninstall on the vehicle.... uninstall game... delete game from steam... ask for refund.... will never play again...Hope they fix things in the future. This is NOT early access or alpha.. its a ""Developed"" game and sold as such. Rip off and they should be ashamed of themselfs..."
76561198398666716,Not Recommended,645630,33937787,Posted: 31 July,all,zigcoors,"Game should not have been released in it's current buggy state - awful programing - clunky, freezes, items in your parts inventory disappear if you start to fit and then stop, e.g. wheels and tyres. try and fit the rmaining ones - no items found.I guess the moral of the story is  don't buy untested games that are known to have bugs and expect smooth game play."
76561198319460883,Not Recommended,645630,33938471,Posted: 31 July,all,julianne1019,When I click on the game it wont open and if it does it takes 20-25 minutes to load and then another 10-15 on a different screen. If I do load in the lights are off and i cant do anything.
76561198134542232,Not Recommended,645630,33948190,Posted: 1 August,all,taranomics,"I am unable to continue the game because when I try to mount the front suspensions it says ""no items avalibe""when I clearly have it. i cant continue untill this is fixed. Im NOT saying this is a bad game, its just that its become unplayable untill this is fixed."
76561198008873544,Not Recommended,645630,33948855,Posted: 1 August,all,chris325,I do not recommend this game at this time as it is buggy. Wasn't even able to complete first repair job as game would allow me to putnew/old or any parts back on the car.
,Not Recommended,645630,33963987,Posted: 1 August,all,DabKing530,"Super buggy. As a car enthusiast, I was incredibly excited when CMS 18 came out and I was even given 10% off because I owned CMS 15. This game is super buggy and crashes. Great game, but crashes when you're in the middle of the game. Once everything is fixed I will gladly change my review, but for now hang tight on buying this."
76561198273001537,Not Recommended,645630,34027795,Posted: 4 August,all,Raptor3151,I am about done with this game and all its bugs just rediculouse. save yourself some time and money and being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and dont buy this game untill maybe they get there act together. played boht other CMS's and I just cant belive they would let this game come out like this.
76561198382953449,Recommended,645630,34059373,Posted: 6 August,all,lewis.jacobs,"5* great game.....this game is really good. I'll be honest when I fisrt watched videos on youtube of this game it looked ok. I saw the price on steam £13.49 and thought I'd give it a try. Once getting into the game the tutorial could've done a bit of prompting on how to complete it and the radio didn't work, but once in my own garage the game just blew up. It's really addictive and has a nice level of detail when carrying out jobs and now they've fixed the radio makes for a better experience rather than working away in silence. I've already recommended this game to friends.My only bug with the game that I've found is that I have to run graphics in low because the frame rate is hurendous on any other setting and each time I load the game it's laggy and my graphics appear to still be set on low but they're actually on ultra so I simply reaply them to low and it runs like a dream. I don't think my system is the issue as other games that I own which have way more going on such as GTA V run really well with no issues and I have Nvidea GTX970 & i7 6700k..Just to add since writing this review, I've realised that me down grading the game graphics to low doesn't actually change the graphics in any way shape or form, it purely stops the lag and after watching some channels on youtube it would seem that I'm not the only one."
76561198141655935,Not Recommended,645630,33960142,Posted: 1 August,all,Warlikerumble17,"look i know it just came out and all but this product is terrible at the time of me writing this review i am having multiple problems i pulled parts off a car and now it wont let me work on it at all, when i try to and then go to any menue it freaks out and then thinks im still in a menue when im not and then gotta exit game and restart like why do i need this hastle when i wanna work on cars and i hate saying this but i want something in return for my inconveinence like a dlc or some money back due to me basically not being able to play if anything changes to make my game better ill continue to NOT reccomend this game"
,Not Recommended,645630,33870492,Posted: 28 July,all,Destinova,"so buggy, not worth a buy right now"
,Not Recommended,645630,33882025,Posted: 29 July,all,taintedgamer4k,"Way too many bugs, I've seen early access games more polished than this."
76561198301115242,Recommended,645630,34724865,Posted: 3 September,all,Z___ALTIAR___Z,"very good but should add things like different hoods,fenders, lights,bumpers, and spoilers and other things like intakes and maybe a slighty easier point system but its a game of devotion i would say play long enough and you get rewarded"
,Not Recommended,645630,33881347,Posted: 29 July,all,Tepelstreeltje,"Why did you guys even release the game.-Badly optimised-Cant buy cars, cant go to the junkyard, no jobs for me to do, restored a Cale and a Mayan that was allready in my garage. I sold both and went to the parking lot. Up on returning the cars spawned back while I still had the money i got from selling them.-My skill points were -39, had to spend 39k in order to even spend 1 point.-Cant find a place to buy tuning parts-In the skill tree it says I'm able to unlock the repairbench at a certain level while the bench was unlocked from the start.-No tutorial whatsoever, you learn what things do by walking towards it. This way people are able to miss a lot of items in the game.Good overall concept, but still a bad game. Dont recommend buying this game ATM. Overall looks like they want to copy EA by releasing a unfinished game, and patching it on the go. 3/10"
76561198090613822,Not Recommended,645630,33948645,Posted: 1 August,all,Lyoneidas,"The idea is great, reminds me of another game <My Summer Car>I was expecting a refined version of 'my summer car', with more details and customizations.Well, you might still have both later but now, this game is unplayable.I only played it for 30 mins `cause it crashed 3 times:(1. Optimization? Doesn`t exist. Think about a much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of battlegrounds.2. The 3D models are not fitting together. This is even more serious, `cause the core idea of this game is to disassemble and reassemble a car. Some tools will have parts stuck in the components they hold, and make it impossible for me to see which part I should put on/off.3. Bugs. Left/right click not working, item missing, occational crash...you name it.DO NOT BUY THIS UNTIL IT GOT FIXED.P.S. Seriously, a simulation game without tutorials? I can at least download handbooks in DCS."
76561197999686417,Not Recommended,645630,34027405,Posted: 4 August,all,Baron,操作性还不如15多了个轮胎机器 发动机架子 其他没什么好玩的 试完了一下趁着不到两小时赶紧退款了  the UI design is downgraded from 15  nothing really new or fun  they just added a new engin hoist and a tire             mechine that's pretty much all  everything else are mostly the same  refunded already.  i suggest you try this out for 30 mins get disppointed and refund it.
,Not Recommended,645630,33884518,Posted: 29 July,all,✪ chimpzelele,Game is so bugged!played like 2 hours and game just got stuck and didnt save any progress !!!this was so sucks..graphic's are♥♥♥♥♥♥the game itself got nice idea and can be fun but it just so bugged
76561198031000660,Not Recommended,645630,33959967,Posted: 1 August,all,randellhughett,this game is a slide show simulator and is unplayable.
76561198030703589,Not Recommended,645630,33964717,Posted: 1 August,all,BeardedBuddha,"The core of this game is amazing. Unfortunately... there are quite a few bugs that have yet to be worked out.- If you are in assemble or disassemble mode and try to finish a job the game will freeze. Not too big of a deal, just save and exit to main menu then enter back into the game and everything will be fine.- Advanced to level 14 and started getting jobs to repair vehicle body parts. Great! Or so I thought... there is no way (that I could find at least) to repair vehicle body parts.- Had a job to repair body parts on a royale gtr. Couldn't repair so bought new to replace the damaged parts. One of which was the front license plate. The problem is that there isnt one. Can't buy or take one off of the car.- While working on the royale gtr removed the front bumper. Now I find out there is no way to put the bumper back on. Tried to just close out the job and move on to the next one and..... CAN'T. Keep getting a message that there are body parts missing.Ultimately I could forgive all of this if I could just exit out and go back in and know not to mess with jobs requiring the repair of body parts. Unfortunately it seems that my save has been corrupted by the problems the GTR introduced. I can't load back into my save, and it seems all of my progress is now gone.TLDR: Loved mechanic simulator 2015. 2018 introduces some awesome new gameplay (supposedly... couldn't advance far enough to really play any of it). Right now the game is far to buggy though. Wait until these kinks are worked out to buy. Or if they arent worked out, just stay away from this one."
76561198397638572,Not Recommended,645630,33951298,Posted: 1 August,all,repecki89,"I loved the 2015 version so I expected the game to be fun and enjoyable yet, it crashes, doesnt allow you to drive cars that you fixed up since they don't have the parts you have to buy on the store. Basically this game does nothing better then the 2015 version but graphics and the things they added just make playing this game annoying. So I would not suggest this game to anyone it is really garbage."
,Recommended,645630,34908854,Posted: 12 September,all,patonpop,"Love the game, definetly recommend."
76561198204250036,Recommended,645630,34959693,Posted: 14 September,all,Rieka,"CMS 2018 is a great game.I start with that because I honestly don't agree with the massive amount of negative press this game has gotten, because either I'm the luckiest guy to not have ever had a single bug, or they were all fixed before I got this game. My main point is DON'T BELIEVE THE BAD REVIEWS CLAIMING THIS GAME IS A MASSIVE HEAP OF UNPLAYABLE BUGGY♥♥♥♥♥♥ Because it isn't. it's an in-depth, realistic, challenging, grindy bundle of awesomeness and cars that is NOT WORTH THE PAYMENT! I would GLADLY pay 40-50 dollars for this game in its current state, especially because it's still being worked on! My only two bad things to say about this game is that it isn't that well optimised, i get about 10-15 fps when also listening to pandora (I don't really like the in-game radio, but it can be turned off), but that's only due to the lack of video options, the over-good graphics, and my computer being mediocre at best, and the fact that you can only start with nothing. I would enjoy a 'sandbox' mode where you could just work on cars with an infinite amount of money, as the grind can get annoying at times. and I'm fine with the fps because this isn't Arma or tf2, you don't need fast reaction times to play this game. Also-- with just 49 days on the open steam store, this game is nothing like what those frankly false reviews say.TL;DR - PLAY THIS GAME. it's not what they say it is. I love it. and the FIVE DOLLAR dodge dlc."
76561198021845284,Recommended,645630,33859165,Posted: 28 July,all,Vandrid,"First Thoughts about the game:Love all the new things they have put into it and the detail put into the game.Start menu doesn't let you use the cursor for some reaason...Tutorial is fairly limited- they just show you what things do, not really how to do themoptions menus are spraseand no hardcore mode... :(however the game is great and its the first day. Feedback goes along way with this company, so this is mine.Also lots of bugs... as Im finding out the hard way. They will be fixed over time however so Im not worried just gotta be patient"
,Not Recommended,645630,33868538,Posted: 28 July,all,Brian_Williams,"I can deal with the bugs, I can deal with the shoddy graphics, I can deal with the low FPS. But what I can't deal with is how terrible the game is compared to CMS 2015.This is my opinion and my opinion alone but in CMS 2015 I could get a car in the garage, get it on a lift and start disassembling it quickly. In CMS 2018 it just feels so slow. I mean I right click and there's a damn menu when it could just be a key on the keyboard. I know there's a whole bunch of new tools to use like an engine lifter, wheel balancer and crap like that which is awesome, it's cool, gives more work to do than in CMS 2015 when you just replaced a rim and there were new tires like that.I may just be one of those who doesn't like new things. But trust me I've been waiting for a new game ever since playing through CMS 2015 which I still do. But this version just disappoints me. I don't think I'll ever be happy with this and that's my opinion. And even though I've only played a little bit of it, it feels disgusting. I just hope that they won't ♥♥♥♥ up Tank Mechanic Simulator next year."
76561198273943475,Not Recommended,645630,34484316,Posted: 25 August,all,apcsmith27,"Only just purchased the game being very excited to play it, it loaded up and it was so slow and laggy, big big let down. Will change review if this is fixed."
76561198107016243,Recommended,645630,33862651,Posted: 28 July,all,Joe Franks?,"I decided to completely rewrite my review to reflect the game's state, pros and cons.First of all I would like to hand out a big thank you to Red Dot games for continuing to provide its fanbase with another great simulation game.Pros- Amazing visuals- More immersive than ever before- More cars- More tools- More parts- Car auctions, barn finds, junkyard and more! A lot more to do.- Love the new car overview window with a lot more information and details about the car than previous cms versions- THE ABILITY TO MOD!!!! This is a big one, possibly one of the biggest points, the amount of modders in the steam community globally is huge and I am expecting a lot and by a lot I mean a huge amount of new cars to be integrated into the game, both branded and unbranded.- The price! 17,99 Eur is what I bought it for - my 10% discount, which for a well known and great game series such as CMS is very very low and more than justified for the game. Even at full price of 19,99 it is still a bargain. Think about the many games that have been in early access for 4+ years, that are stuck and cost way over 20 Euros. *cough* dayz *cough*Cons- Bad optimization (the developers have promised multiple times that optimization patches are going to be released tonight and tomorrow)- Quite a few bugs (mostly minor ones, but sometimes game restarts are required) - Again, the devs are actively working on this and getting really involved with the community in ensuring this game will be playable by the majority of players bug-free by tomorrow- A lot of players will find it hard getting used to some features due to the difference in functionality to for example CMS15. I will not reveal what it is to avoid spoilering potential buyers. Please note though, this is not game breaking!Overall I can recommend the game, even in its current state I have had a good amount of time in it since release and I am currently still in the game playing it. The price you can grab yourself a copy at is absolutely unbelievably cheap and the amount of involvement from the devs in the community discussions is brillant. Yes, the game still has some bugs and needs to be optimized, but there is plenty out there that are released at a far worse state; bear with the devs and help them rather than complain, post bugs and have a little bit of patience."
,Recommended,645630,33925889,Posted: 31 July,all,Boom Boom Pow Po,"The game is good. Optimization is not good atm, but you can play it on medium untill they fix the fps issues right? If you like cars go get this game."
76561198318422524,Not Recommended,645630,33933566,Posted: 31 July,all,zepedrofd,"I loved 2015 but 2018 is not ready...at all!It is promissing BUT:-the game keeps crashing...-graphically not optimized, keeps slowing down for no reason.-I have had no phone calls...-controls are a real pain...-etc...I hope it gets fixed, there is potential..."
,Not Recommended,645630,34016957,Posted: 4 August,all,dredos,"No Man's Sky 2017(thankfully i avoided that, but with this im out of luck  oh well ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ )Its unfinished and missing lots of gameplay elements.No, not recommended in this current state. Beware and to avoid controversy wait for the finished product. But if you are curious grab a popcorn and read the ""Answer on some accusations"" thread. Its so funny.Well.. Back to topic on hand.. Oh yes..Yes devs working on it.Yes they are patching up and hopefully will add things.Yes i like the game.Yes i play from time to time in order to avoid grind boredom.Yes its relaxing.Yes you will enjoy it.BUT....WAIT to buy on sale for a full pack WITH all dlcs included for a happy gaming experience. Until then its NOT recommended.Best ""release"" of 2017 :35/7"
76561198130852700,Not Recommended,645630,34147783,Posted: 10 August,all,Wayneh,No left handed support witch is to say no key binding in the game
,Not Recommended,645630,33887105,Posted: 29 July,all,brandonh619,Don't pay for it the game is so broke i would rather spend my money on something else
76561198143568244,Not Recommended,645630,34146626,Posted: 10 August,all,theOneAndOnlyMultek,"The update one the 09.08.2017 seemed to have to made the game almost unplayable for me, since this update i can no longer even select a part to work on (take from car put back and so on) without having the game lock my view and movement, so i tried going back to main menu, no hope tho...Here's some things i can no longer do since the update which i was abled to before:-sell cars (game freezes up but is not inactive, just unusable)-work on suspension parts (freezes view and movement and after re-entering the game the car is basicly just a prop anymoreI would still recommend you stay away from this bugfest, but keep an eye on updates and inform yourself about all this crap before you truly consider buying this..."
,Recommended,645630,33865979,Posted: 28 July,all,Relax Guy,"Its a good game but it needs a lot of work. it is a bit buggy but it also just been released. give it a bit of time, im sure the devs will fix it.its a really good game tho, a lot of things was improved from the other cms, but one thing i would like is when you remove a part, or do anything, i would like it if it didnt take as long."
,Not Recommended,645630,33953379,Posted: 1 August,all,Chronos,"To start this is a full realease game with paid DLC and it has more bugs than a motel 6. But thats not to say this game isn't fun. when it decides it wants to work its great fun. But more often than not your inventory will just dissapear, youll buy something and you wont get it, 10% brake pads randomly duplicate in your inventory. Or you replace all 4 brake calipers, pads, and cylinders and it tells you that theres a brake caliper that you need to replace so you cant finish the job. And as of yesterday if you found a car that needed an exhause job if you test drove it it would take 300 dollars from you and say you fixed it. One car needed suspension stuff fixed on only the right side and i took the entire car apart completely just for fun, then i replaced all the parts that were broken and put the car back together, to my suprise it said i hadnt fixed anything and wouldnt let me finish the order. After about a half hour I discovered that I had to put the fixed parts on the right side of the car where the damaged ones were even though I had replaced the broken parts. Another time I was doing body work for a mustang and it needed a new windshield, but the online store doesnt sell widshields for it. So how am I supposed to finish the order? I cant so I just gave it back to the client unfinished. I also found a duplication glitch, all you need to do is right click an item in your inventory to put it in your warehouse and itll usually keep the item in your inentory and put a new one in the warehouse. using this methid with a $3000 v8 engine block i was able to get $300,000 in a couple minutes. This game has so much potential but in its current state it needs alot of love and care. Im definatley keeping this game and you should probably pick it up eventually but wait till its fixed.Just a quick update I now have $1,600,000 thanks to my duplication glitch"
76561198387519814,Not Recommended,645630,33964752,Posted: 1 August,all,questingturtle,"I'm torn as to weather i like this game or not. Theres a lot to like but the bugs and a few of the mechanics let the game down. Like the inability to add parts to your notebook after they have been removed from the car. Installing brand new parts (of which there are multiple on the car) in the wrong place, then having to buy new parts. Also as someone who knows nothing about cars i did find myself learning a fair bit too, so theres that aspect. Its a good game but i think i will steer clear of it in its current state but a few fixes and i could easily pick it up again and put some serious hours into it."
76561197991526211,Not Recommended,645630,34089048,Posted: 7 August,all,hexagonly,"I just purchased this game 2 days ago, and I can't play it if my life depended on it. My first problem is im stuck in the tutorial. Another one is i'll bring up a menu, and when i exit, the screens blurs and it doesnt go away unless i restart the game, another big issue is whenever i enter the engine build from the engine bay, work on something then exit out, the screen goes black every single time. making the game virtually unplayable, it doesnt just happen in the engine bay either, when i exit the vehicle it does it. another issue i'm facing is whenever i go to normal mode, my character freezes in place, and all i can do is move the camera around, please fix this, you guys just released an update but refused to fix the biggest issue this game is facing, which seems to be the black screen, why havent you guys fixed the main issue? this game is a disaster as soon as you start playing, great concept, lovely game, but  everyone should avoid it until it has been 100% fixed, totally unnacceptable"
76561198093370752,Not Recommended,645630,33896259,Posted: 29 July,all,=7Cav=PFC.Claxton.P,So far i've had a great time playing this game. Comparied to 2015 there is a lot more stuff on launch. But so far the bugs are completely ridiculous. I'm still asking myself why the hell they would release this game with the amount of bugs that are in this game. To give them credit they are fixing the bugs now but it's still sad to see the amount they had on release. Hopfully the bugs will be all sorted out within the next couple weeks but for now I can't recommend it with the amount of bugs.
76561198003245996,Not Recommended,645630,33939997,Posted: 31 July,all,lazygun,Right now it´s a horrible console port. Stay away until patched.
76561198018244591,Not Recommended,645630,34029486,Posted: 4 August,all,oldblue2001,"As other reviews make pretty clear, its simply not ready to be called anything but an alpha.  I played thru a myriad of bugs to get the cash to buy the dodge challenger, then sent it to my garage from the barn only to discover it was nowhere to be found. Money gone, no car. I knew the risks of playing, but still a big let down. Im gonna step away from this for a good few months and see if these guys can manage to unburn this bridge. Inventory disapeering, terrible zooming camera issues, really bad interface nearly all around, and alot of things made inconvinient for no reason(once i discover bad parts , why isn't there an option to add to  my parts list from inventory, lighting making menues unreadable, inability to view vehicle in paint booth from different angles, no color wheel for paint mixing, its all number based, and even when maxed out there are still items/utilities that are locked.  Unless you really need to play this game, don't right now. My only regret is i wasted like 10 hrs playing to get robbed out of my challenger. Good luck!"
76561198394943230,Not Recommended,645630,34111180,Posted: 8 August,all,Nha-Krul,"I have the game for two weeks. I have received, al least four updates, and I can't pass the second car!!!!I always have trouble with two of the four wheels. The game has a lot of bugs. It's need and optimization. There are no mouse sensitivity configuration. Take out a component and reinstall it is very slow.Avoid this game for the moment.Developers, I'm sorry but I prefer to play Street Road!"
,Not Recommended,645630,34036974,Posted: 5 August,all,bikerdaz888,"BUY NOW PLAY LATER...or just buy later.I love the game and really want to get stuck in fixing cars and progressing but its full of bugs and feels unfinished in places.  Lots of updates though so im sure it will get on its feet very soon.Gameplay is what you would expect with some nice extra features such as barn finds and junk yard.I Cannot use the race track yet so cannot give my opinion on that.There is a parking lot but it cannot contain all the cars unless im missing somthing and you can get more parking later on?Building cars is great but im still waiting for physical damage i.e. crash repairs to some day be implimented into the franchise.  Pulling dents or chassis repair which i know would involve alot of detail and physics but that would be a wish list suggestion for future builds.Welding could be more detailed along with part repair but again i understand the work involved in making that happen.  As it stands the game is getting better with every release.The bugs that make the game abit of a headacheSending multiple cars to you're car park or garage can result in missing cars, it pays to only send one car at a time then visit the place you send them to which wastes time.  This can also be a huge problem if you decide to buy acouple cars from a barn and loose money on only one car arriving at the place you send them to.  For me this always happens.Another issue is parts multiplying in youre inventory and taking a long time to clear inventory of these parts.  You do not make extra money from this glitch.  So really just a pain.Somtimes buying from the auction house results in a black loading screen with no recovery.The game is poorly optimized it really doesnt matter what set up you have it will frame drop or lock up.Offers a radio with stations but it does not work, the over all atmospheric noise is abit annoying and could do with that option being available.Over all if you really like the car mechanic simulator franchise you wont be dissapointed but it might pay to wait alittle before buying."
76561198061258856,Recommended,645630,33860538,Posted: 28 July,all,PICKLE RICK,"I do much enjoy the game as in the state that it is now, But these issues need to be fixed as soon as, black screening, and the mouse issues, and the optomization issues, overall the new interface and features have proven well so far but I hope soon enough that they get fixed right away, or this game is going to be a living hell to play with."
,Not Recommended,645630,33888743,Posted: 29 July,all,Fleshmeister,"This game is clearly not done. It's packed with bugs.Like blackscreens, unable to mount unmount parts. Jobs cannot go to cutomer bacause ""the car is in worse shape than it arrived"". The camera angles makes you wanna puke and the sens cannot be changed. Cars dissapering.And you cannot be a dirty mechanic and steal/exange parts.It's simple, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198130867153,Not Recommended,645630,34011557,Posted: 4 August,all,[CT:RP] BouncingBall,You can't even start a new save.
76561197962371607,Not Recommended,645630,33922728,Posted: 31 July,all,ybing,"Bad and confusing menu setup, no mouse sensitive adjustment, tutorial is bad and the game is not for first time player"
76561198035162117,Not Recommended,645630,34085352,Posted: 7 August,all,Zirion,"as on car mechanic simulator 2015 im still missing the ability to modify ur car to an extent not just to be able to ONLY put a supercharger on a v8 i wanna turbo it too and i want to supercharg a modern v8 aswell not just the old v8 OHV etc and give us range of turbochargers/supercharger and even nitrous, but as for now i dont recommend to buy the game. they have alot to fix"
,Not Recommended,645630,33925842,Posted: 31 July,all,Targaryen,This game minimum requirements are:OS: Windows(128-bit) 12 or NewerProcessor: Intel Core i11 16.4 GHz (3GB cache memory)Memory: 128 GB RAM (DDR6 or better)Graphics: NVidia GeForce GTX 2160 32GB DDR8 VRAMDirectX: Version 18Storage: 20 GB available spacePersonal recommendation:Use quantum computer if availableP.S. Game may crash due to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ music.
76561197994248252,Not Recommended,645630,33947838,Posted: 1 August,all,Senor Beer,"I didn't want to believe the negative reviews, I had so much fun with 2015 that I thought these were simple graphical framerate issues that would be resolved in time.THE GAME IS BROKEN.The second car I worked on, I ended up not being able to install a part and when I tried to exit the game, the escape key was non responsive.Through mashing the keyboard to find a super hidden escape key, I managed to find the console window. It was littered with null reference exceptions (game development term; these usually crash a game immediately).How did this game pass QA testing? Was there no testing carried out on it? Was this so heavily rushed that there was no time to test? I broke the game in 20 minutes, how can you even miss that!?Maybe this will eventually turn out to be an okay game...maybe even a great game! But this is a disasterous release."
76561198000647677,Not Recommended,645630,34044208,Posted: 5 August,all,Blade-Daywalker,"Absolutely crap and worst £20 Ive spent so far.I cant even begin to describe what a HUGE disappointment this has been. Im new to Car Simulator and after watching some clips on youtube and being a car far, I thought I would give this a go, expecting something like a beefed up version of the old Gearhead Garage.Instead I got this pile of crap filled with bugs, no flow to the game, no tutorial showing me what i needed to do etc. (even though the ""tutorial"" is showing as an orange sign at the top of my screen. But the real bug bear is the crashes, lack of flow to the game and constantly annoying things.For example, says a part is only accessible once the car has been lifted. You use the lift and it only moves slightly. Try and get the lift moved up further, it just comes back down. No ""keys list"" to tell you what to press and use etc. Once its ""up"" on the lift, you still cant access the parts etc.Yes Im new to these kinda games but come on....SOME instructions would be good. It would be nice to be able to jump into a game and playing rather than tearing out the little hair I have left on my head.Not impressed and to be honest Im tempted to ask for a refund!!!"
,Not Recommended,645630,33908537,Posted: 30 July,all,Frisky Ginger,"WARNING: The devs are disabling features and claiming they will now release promised base game content as future paid DLC.  The devs are also insulting customers on the community pages and on Facebook, and deleting any proof of their promises to include various features in the base game. All users posting screenshots or other proof of promises or lies from the devs are being banned from the community pages and their posts deleted.---I wanted so so badly to love this game. CMS 2014 and 2015 were great, but this is an absolute disaster. It's not just buggy, It's unfinished. This should by all accounts be listed as an ""Early Access"" game.After about 16 hours of gameplay I have experienced over 100 crashes and countless glitches. I learned to save after every other part I removed or installed.Want to cancel installing the currently selected part? Crash.Testing the suspension? Crash.Repairing a wheel? Crash.Painting a bumper? Crash.Turn around? Crash.Parts would dissapear from my inventory, causing me to waste money buying it a second or third time.They would inexplicably float around the shop as if posessed.Parts would install crooked or backwards.But most of all, the constant freezes force you to force-close and try again.After pulling the engine from a 'Spectre' and building a new one from scratch to install, I find the oil filler cap and dipstick do not exist as ingame assets, and the car cannot actually be finished.The updates are flowing in almost as frequently as the crashes happen, but some of them seem to be doing more harm than good. The repair table stopped working after 1.0.3. Now in the seemingly final straw, in 1.0.4 the game freezes while trying to load a save. The day one DLCs are also far from complete. They are missing parts, and in the case of the Mazda DLC, actually corrupting saves.Even if the devs manage to somehow lessen the magnitude of this this trainwreck, it's painfully clear they just don't care about the quality of their product anymore. After releasing a game thats still missing several assets and features, Playway is now saying these promised features are only going to be available as a future paid DLC.Save your money, or go buy My Summer Car instead."
76561198027779707,Not Recommended,645630,33949534,Posted: 1 August,all,DannyMac,The game as it stands right now is pretty much unplayable. A waste of money. It just stops working at odd times which is frustrating. I can see it being a really fun game if they ever develop it properly. I should have listened to what the reviews were telling me. Don make the same mistake that i did.
,Not Recommended,645630,34086598,Posted: 7 August,all,ThyCubbyBear,"Needs so much work, motion blur and bloom are insane on any preset above medium settings. my least favorite thing is all the small updates that come out daily with no explanation of what is being ""fixed"""
76561198083364144,Not Recommended,645630,34087990,Posted: 7 August,all,TH_R14,First of all i like car mechanic simulator because it is much fun to play.But this is something new for me.Motion blur thru the roof it's insane.The mouse sensitivitie is impossible high.And the framrate is low.I like the feature that you can hunt for barn found cars but first lets fix that sensitivitie and the motion blur with framrateBecause Damn
76561198369695254,Not Recommended,645630,33904324,Posted: 30 July,all,ROCK3T 3UNNY,Can't find a lot of materials in the shop. A lot of glithes/lag which crashes the game frequently.
76561198154776779,Not Recommended,645630,33957522,Posted: 1 August,all,*TURPRO*,So many bugs. I played car mechanic sim14 but not 15 but heard 15 was great. very disappointed on 18. Takes a long time to rank up and when I ranked up the first time I lost my profile because of a bug. started over again and am burnt out on the repetative jobs.
,Recommended,645630,33862739,Posted: 28 July,all,Fredo32,"This game is exactly what I was hoping for, a better UI over CMS15 and more tools.I really enjoy new tire system, you actually need to check the size of the tire before buying them. The oil draining is way easier now. The car controls are better when doing the Test Track.I'm playing the game in 1440p at the Medium settings and the game looks amazing and I'm having average of 55-63 FPS with some drops to 40. I got not hitches while playing.If for you playing at Ultra settings in 4k at 60FPS is important then I suggest you to wait otherwise I strongly recommend this game for everyone that enjoy working on cars.Spec:CPU: AMD Ryzen 7 1700 @3.92GhzRAM: 16Gb 2666MhzGPU:  AMD Radeon RX 470 4Gb"
76561198207402040,Recommended,645630,33866580,Posted: 28 July,all,j_lawhorn25,i like the game! give it some days and it will be perfect
76561197997153657,Not Recommended,645630,34163383,Posted: 11 August,all,thiggott,"Painfully obvious that the scope of this game was beyond the developers capabilities. Even if they manage to patch the obvious bugs and push out the missing content I cannot see it becoming what the community or even the developers originally hoped for. Quite a shame. CMS2015 was a great game for young kids, this just frustrates them."
,Not Recommended,645630,34168990,Posted: 11 August,all,Refused,"Car Mechanic Simullator 18 is nothing compared to 2014 and 2015. They lost sight of what the game was at its core and I just couldnt get into it. No sense of direction, too many tools around to get the job. I guess its much more of a simulator now but it really takes the fun out of it. Refunded"
76561198134619355,Not Recommended,645630,34064806,Posted: 6 August,all,Great Great Grandfather,"The closest I got to gameplay was videos. The game didn't really work on my computer. At all. Based on what I saw on these videos, it is a pretty game, the gameplay was a little bit different than CMS2015. But if you'll ask me, I'll stick with CMS2015. I really wanted to play this game, but I was just forced to get a refund, because I didn't even get past the intro. Just a great big black screen. My advice? Don't listen to the ""Minimum"" settings below. I have everything on there, but none of it seemed to work. Which is way too bad, because I really wanted to play it. I'm torn. It looks good on good computers, (Which mine is not,) but it wouldn't even start for me, just because I had a bad experience, doesn't mean I have to ruin it for everyone else. But, I'm afraid I'll have to give it a thumbs down. Sorry Red Dot, you released it barely done. It probably would have been better if you released it IN 2018. I see that Red Dot is doing everything it can to fix everything that is wrong, and now I regret getting a refund. I only have 19.70, and the discount for owners of CMS 2015 has ran out, so I don't have enough money for it. Anyway, good luck Red Dot, see if you can get the black screen glitch fixed."
76561198088327612,Not Recommended,645630,34000375,Posted: 3 August,all,Stinky,Cars get stuck outside of garage and become bricks. Awesome concept terrible execution.
,Not Recommended,645630,33904662,Posted: 30 July,all,93MB,"Soooo many bugs, i have lost 2 saves at the moment and you have to grind to get anywhere on this. I love the game but it needs so much doing to it, should not be for sale yet. I can't even weld or access the interior design and it keeps crashing."
,Not Recommended,645630,34467024,Posted: 24 August,all,Gatadata,"i like these games. i really do.but i cannot recommend it.it is HORRIBLY optimized.running settings differently doesn't work either.if you set your display to 1080p at low-medium graphics settings, you MIGHT get 60FPS. sometimes, when not looking at things, or moving the camera alot.at 1440p, i never got an FPS over 20. TWENTY!Oh, and this is a GTX780Ti. With Gsync.Turning Vsync off and settings to LOW in graphics, on 1440p, and i get 18 FRAMES!that is just not playable.So i♥♥♥♥♥♥around with it on lowered screen resolution, lowest settings, and... the movements are sluggish and irritating, at lowest settings, the headbob becomes a constant bunnyhop, SMALL bunnyhops.in conclusion: do not get it.if the game gets updated and gets better optimization, anything at all, i will gladly re-review this.but for gods sake man, give me a stable 60FPS on 1080p on at the VERY least medium."
,Recommended,645630,33862692,Posted: 28 July,all,Brabus,"Kudos to the developers for releasing their hard work to their followers.People are complaining, are not happy about the release (because of the delay) but! The same people are complaining about how bad the game is optimized and all that.Im about an hour into the game and I love it! I see some bugs here and there, but that does not make the game any less funnier for me to play.I know that the developers will fix theese things very soon, and as I have understood they are also working side by side with the gamers who find theese bugs, to fix them and make the game better for everyone to enjoy.Let me just end my review with telling you to sit back and relax, play the game and enjoy it. If you have played it and are not happy with it, sit back and relax, crack open a beer or a cola, and watch a good movie, or enjoy some other game that you have and like.Let the developers do their thing, and in the close future, I am sure they will have a good game to deliver to you."
76561198087594409,Not Recommended,645630,33969187,Posted: 2 August,all,Dudemankk,So it was going to be a thumbs up until... i was on the main menuaccidently hit new game... without any pop up that said are you sure you want to start a new game it go ahead and does it.... the work i put in lost.... Oh make sure you change the name to Change My Brakes Sim cause thats 95% of what my orders are....
,Not Recommended,645630,33906271,Posted: 30 July,all,Waggy,"Game is unplayable due to a massive amount of bugs.EDIT: Most of the crippling bugs have been fixed, yet there's very little content and not much to do in the game. It feels like Early Access.It boggles me how painting, for example, isn't fully customizable. I want to be the next Chip Foose. I want to make a Rat look. I can't do either. You can pick one color and some very few preset graphics (and you can't change the color of the graphics).The jobs are uninvolved and not interactive, it always comes down to ""Press Mouse 1 to do job"", whether you're assembling, disassembling, using a diagnostic tool, painting, cleaning... You don't do anything other than select a menu option or aim at a part and press Mouse 1. You will have more fun imagining yourself working on a car than ""playing"" this walking simulator.The business management aspect is equally abysmal, not to say completely absent. There is no auction to sell cars, there are no different customer profiles, no running costs, no hiring an assistant, no trends, so there's no economic simulation at all. Flipping cars, becoming a reputable garage, serving niches, all should be fun, but there's none of it.Perhaps competitive multiplayer could save the game, making teams race to fix a car before the other one, scavenging for parts on the junkyard, etc., but there isn't any multiplayer of any kind.Outside of advanced graphics this should've been a Browser game. It falls massively short of the average PC gaming experience.EDIT 2: On the game's grind being unrewarding:Other games have much better progression and a return on time invested.My Summer Car has only one car, but the building process is so involved it's a lot of fun. You can do whatever you want whenever you want in any order you want. After you finally build the car you have to rebuild it with performance parts and to become either a drag racer or a rally racer.Kerbal Space Program has a much better progression too. You start with a small number of weak and generic parts but in practice you can do anything with them. As you fulfil tasks you unlock specialized parts that make achieving your goals easier and more efficient - but you are not locked from going to the ""Moon"" the hard way with only starting parts if you want to.Games like those allow creative freedom and reward your time invested with success and excitement. CMS 2018 asks that you invest your time completing unchallenging tasks you are uninterested in to get basic features like non-creative painting, recharging a battery or cleaning the interior."
76561198040248554,Recommended,645630,33869732,Posted: 28 July,all,CISBA85,i have 32 gb ram and 1070 gtx ftw and it ran fine for me also i7 6700k processor. so i dunno game looks good and i like all the new features. still needs a lil work but its good and i love these game
,Not Recommended,645630,34312571,Posted: 17 August,all,Nemeth782,Mouse intermittently stops working. I don't see how to even get out of the tutorial. Don't bother.
,Recommended,645630,33860208,Posted: 28 July,all,chrisbmw3,CMS 2018 is a great game which needs some time to mature and to work out some bugs which playway did say would be the case on facebook (JULY 2017). Overall I would recommend this game in it's current state as it is the most in-depth title released in the series. Congratulations Red Dot Games and Playway for another great game.
76561198360815128,Not Recommended,645630,34039908,Posted: 5 August,all,CamaroSportsFan29,Was so Excited to get this. Came with uter dissapointment Let me know when the game is 100 percent ready. Not what ever this is. I will buy it over when yall actually have it fixed. I will be getting a refund for now.
,Not Recommended,645630,34114979,Posted: 8 August,all,Politron,"They had to delay the release of this game due to steam not accepting the first submittion, the publisher PlayWay claims this is because of an issue with localization.  They said over and over ""sorry about the delay, but this way we can be sure we are releasing the most polished game possible"".Things happen, thats fine.Game finally release and its bug riddled. More than the worst offenders in the Early Access realm of things. So many obvious bugs, I can't imagine that this game was even tested. (You want to install that hub bearing back onto the car, well jokes on you because its going to magically turn into a radiator when you install it) But to their credit they did release a whole lot of patches in a short period of time. (Though wouldn't be nessiary if they tested the game.Again things happen, thats fine(ish).Now we get to what was advertized as being in the game with what is actually in the game. They promised fluids, we got oil. (the same singular fluid that we had in CMS 15). They showed the use of a Dyno in thier release trailer. The dyno is in the game though blocked off and is part of the last garage upgrade. Though you do not gain access even after getting that upgrade. People asked about it and the publisher claims there was never a plan for a Dyno. 1000+ parts. Nope. 40+ cars. Nope.  (There was a slew of other instances false advertising, but the page was edited after release after owners of the game called them out)For the purposes of the rest of the review I will disregard everything I just covered and talk about the game alone. The graphics look promosing but the lazy overuse of bloom with no option to turn it off will blind you when looking at wheels. The new interface is console centric and a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ (the old cms 15 style with hotkeys was more efficient). Late game story modes contiune to be bugged. The new Auction/Barn finds are useless due to their high price. Though better than release the game is still poorly optimized. Lazy part number buffing where they seperated parts that were in 15 into multiple parts for 18. Yes its technically more parts, but it doesn't improve gameplay like adding a new catagory of parts or types. (i.e breaklines, fuellines,  ) Obvious content stripping to be sold later as DLC.Tl;dr This game is essentially an Early Access / Beta game masquarading as a full release. It might get its act together in the future(maybe thats why it was named CMS 2018 and not CMS 2017) but for now this game should be avoided at all costs."
,Not Recommended,645630,34039657,Posted: 5 August,all,Ice Creem,Game crashes constantly and it's literally the same as teh last CMS with updated graphics and access to a waiting room. Absolute waste of money
76561198257692086,Not Recommended,645630,34373172,Posted: 20 August,all,khaleds11211,i play Car Mechanic Simulator 15 and it was fan i like it very good game and When Car Mechanic Simulator 18 released I was excited and when i play Car Mechanic Simulator 18 It was a terrible game full of bug  and error Very boring game supposed to be better than previous version but no
76561198093052447,Recommended,645630,33864174,Posted: 28 July,all,MovingCNTower,"I have played for a little over an hour, and overlooking the poor optimization, it's pretty fun.It's a little bit of a learning curve, as the UI has completely been revamped, so most of the shortcuts on the keyboard don't work. I would like to see these come back (e.g. 1 and 2 change assembly and disassembly modes, O brings up work order, etc.)I would also like to see a sandbox mode implemented again, as well as a more difficult mode. I would like to discover more of the new features of the game, but they are locked out of the box.Overall, once the game runs smoother, it will be really great. Also agan SANDBOX MODE PLEASE!"
76561198200103350,Not Recommended,645630,34430271,Posted: 22 August,all,moomoobeef,"At the moment i dont recommend this game, it has more bugs than the games a made on scratch, thats saying something! once the bugs get fixed than i would play it and recommend it but atm its more fustrating than it is fun. any mods for the game arent game braking because its already broken ):"
,Not Recommended,645630,33971365,Posted: 2 August,all,Justinas,"Good game, but it becomes boring and now I want my 20€ back :("
,Not Recommended,645630,33896189,Posted: 29 July,all,BoostedJoy,This game as of 7/29 is unplayable. It is full of bugs and almost nothing works properly.
,Not Recommended,645630,33946666,Posted: 1 August,all,DeathsFriend,"I never do reviews, but as much as I love the Car Mechanic Simulator games I felt I had to write this. So I bought the game and here is what I have found. Before I even purchase it I noticed, Oh there is DLC out for this already, WTF! I then got into the game and upon entering found there to be a setting tab in which none of the audio settings worked, so blaring music ahoy.I then got into the game and upon tearing apart my first car noticed some rather clunky controls. I then put the car back together and to my amazment half of the parts would float above where they went.Now for the biggest kicker, this game is supposed to be fully release, yet none of the Barns, Auction House, Junkyard, Race track and other areas are not unlocked, even at max level.In my opinion you should wait and save your money until they pull this game out of the Alpha state it is in and into the state of an actually full release game."
76561198104281498,Not Recommended,645630,33900208,Posted: 30 July,all,NoahTheCreator,"*UPDATE 1.04*Play way and red dot, i've had enough for now. 103 min in and im not yet past the intro. i have tried to give your game the fairst chance for nearly 2 hours, with many crashes and restarts as i can handel but its just to broken. i want to love it, i loved cms 14 and 15 but i just cant deal with this. between my review of 1.02 and now notting has improved. i will try to give it an other shot in a few weeks and see how it goes. for now stay WELL clear of this game! I want to love it, i really do...*UPDATE 1.02*Sooo here we are.. after seeing it's release date being pushed up and up I had high hopes they were working hard to improve it. How wrong I was.. on release the game had many game breaking bugs, constant crashes and ran so bad it was unplayable. The devs released a patch yesterday to fix some of it's issues. It had the opposite result. After the patch (1.02) I can't get in to the game at all, after getting to the start menu it just freezes. On top of that the game now not only crashes it self it now causes full system crashes.Play way and red dot what a mess you have made. Listen to the gamers. We don't mind 1 or 2 month delays and just be honest about the fact that a games isn't finished yet. We understand games aren't made in a day but please stop releasing broken utter messes like this."
76561198007229190,Not Recommended,645630,33857861,Posted: 28 July,all,Twitch.tv/enforcingem,So couple little launch bug wich is normal i guess..The only thing very bad now is the optimisation.. the game run like crap and text are all blurry.. and try to set it to high or ultra if you dont have a a NASA computer you are screwed...Should run as smooth as the 2015... i mean you are in a garage damn not in a open world GTA style...
76561198030680066,Recommended,645630,34839607,Posted: 9 September,all,Impenitent,I have to say after a rough start (release bugs Ohhh plenty) this game is playing a lot better. The games idea and functionality are very entertaining and I enjoy playing it when I just want to relax after too many FPS games. I think this game has great potential. Devs keep up the hard work and this game may shine as intended.
,Recommended,645630,34823169,Posted: 8 September,all,☭C O M R A D E B O R K☭,"This games has improved a lot since its release, worth a shot."
,Recommended,645630,34896715,Posted: 12 September,all,Ya Boi Rolle,Vere Gud gemmm 69/69.420
76561198199209793,Not Recommended,645630,33863141,Posted: 28 July,all,KETTUF1N,right there and deep. car mechanic 2019 waiting. back to play in 2015. very badly optimized and ugly looking game. this is just a joke
76561198046081344,Recommended,645630,33883209,Posted: 29 July,all,NossonGC,"A great follow up to CMS 2015, so if you liked that one, this one should treat you just as well.If you haven't played these games before, I'd recommend starting with 2015 first, since it often goes on sale for next to nothing. If you find you like it, you can make the decision on whether or not 2018 is worth your moola."
76561198165522518,Recommended,645630,34978286,Posted: 15 September,all,Hopalong,"buggy, annoying, but also amazing. btw if you have poor frames turn V-Sync off, for me i went from 25fps to about 50-80fps."
,Recommended,645630,33863403,Posted: 28 July,all,Flameguy4500,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. That is all that needs to be said.
76561198154812722,Recommended,645630,33864258,Posted: 28 July,all,BarackObamber,This is a good game. I havent had any performence problems like eryone is moaning about. Yea i have found a couple of bugs in the game but notthing that has stopeed me from enjoying the game
76561198168428660,Recommended,645630,33869825,Posted: 28 July,all,michaelf_williams,they are working vere hard to make the game alsome and it still needs help but they have won my vote.
76561198057340195,Recommended,645630,33859864,Posted: 28 July,all,Samy The Taxi Driver,Completely broken. You freeze when you go to check the customers order and cant move. You should wait until they put out a patch for the game before you buy. Edit: They are going to be putting out updates whenever they can until the game is perfect which is amazing so shout out to the developers.
,Recommended,645630,33860890,Posted: 28 July,all,Scotch,It ok
76561198149644052,Recommended,645630,33865469,Posted: 28 July,all,Firegecko,Looks to be a big step up from 2015 but needs some bug fixes. Running this on low settings as it wont run on anything else. You need a high end video card to run it on anything other than Medium ( frame rates crap )
,Recommended,645630,33867445,Posted: 28 July,all,Nugget,This game is fantastic. As a running project that took 800 days the outcome was worth it. Comparing 2018 to 2015 is like going from a 1950s tv to a new samsung smart 4k tv. And yet it got negative reviews because it had a seven day delay. GROW UP PEOPLE!
,Recommended,645630,33870485,Posted: 28 July,all,Legomonstor,I havw a fx 6300 and a gtx 1060 and my game runs fine on high and ive had no problems. It is just a bwtter and more extensive game than 2015 was.
76561198323278153,Recommended,645630,33870504,Posted: 28 July,all,Derekehuskins,there are some bugs but overall im satisfied they are fixing the bugs as soon as i find them tho so thats a plus
,Recommended,645630,33859822,Posted: 28 July,all,markoxley,Great game and great graphics. Only one thing please can you use MP3 for the music instead of OGG
76561198023960698,Recommended,645630,33864276,Posted: 28 July,all,Noctis Lucis XV,"I love it. I love the extra tools and things to do. The graphic are great. I can see a patch is needed to Opitmazation, but i still love it. Thanks for the Game!"
76561198095348128,Recommended,645630,33864580,Posted: 28 July,all,Jombarl,Looks very good and after you finish the tutorial it runs a little bit better than what you get at the beginning. If you want to get the most of this game don't buy it just yet.The game will probably will be pretty amazing after a few patches.
,Recommended,645630,33865066,Posted: 28 July,all,Wh0pp3r,"I went into this game expecting problems everywhere but i didnt realy experience any real gamebreaking problems. For me the game ran great, it was a bit of a pain getting use to the new control style compared to older CMS. But other then that i havnt had a problem yet."
76561198191202010,Recommended,645630,33865245,Posted: 28 July,all,connormaltese,my game will not load
,Recommended,645630,33858278,Posted: 28 July,all,Sabre,"*EDIT*The devs are constantly working hard to fix all these bugs.  There wer like 4 updates in a couple of days fixing most of these problems.  Great dev team.  You can tell that they care a lot about their game.  I think that everyone should play this game again because it is actually a great game.  Only think I noticed that they could fix is the achievments.  Keep up the great work. :)̶P̶o̶o̶r̶ ̶o̶p̶t̶i̶m̶i̶z̶a̶t̶i̶o̶n̶,̶ ̶w̶h̶e̶n̶ ̶y̶o̶u̶ ̶o̶p̶e̶n̶ ̶u̶p̶ ̶a̶ ̶h̶o̶o̶d̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶p̶r̶e̶s̶s̶ ̶e̶s̶c̶ ̶y̶o̶u̶ ̶g̶e̶t̶ ̶a̶ ̶b̶l̶a̶c̶k̶ ̶s̶c̶r̶e̶e̶n̶.̶ ̶ ̶1̶2̶/̶1̶0̶ ̶w̶o̶u̶l̶d̶ ̶w̶a̶i̶t̶ ̶f̶o̶r̶ ̶p̶a̶t̶c̶h̶e̶s̶"
,Recommended,645630,33858658,Posted: 28 July,all,Strix1020,Game started rough but the developers are working very hard to advance this game.
76561198060397531,Recommended,645630,33858740,Posted: 28 July,all,Does CSGO Is Cancer?,"*edited*They fixed the menu and allow you to use a mouse now. Some bugs still even after the big patch. I was able to progress passed the second car and had done maybe 10 more since without problem except for the second storyline car. It needs front shock absorber replacements and the item is not recognized on the spring separator, but its in my inventory. Its not recognizable on the car (i cant but the subpar part that i took off the car back on) its just a N/A item in my inventory now. Looks like it's likely to happen again and with other parts still. But positive review now"
,Recommended,645630,33859082,Posted: 28 July,all,ZeroKoole,"Game was very buggy and poorly optimized at release, but the devs are working hard to fix bugs and are actually talking to fans about issues and recommendations!Thank you Play Way & Red Dot!"
76561198067651045,Recommended,645630,33859682,Posted: 28 July,all,Gokas512,It's a very good game and it was worth waiting. I recommend this game to everybody
76561197985368940,Recommended,645630,33859796,Posted: 28 July,all,They Call Me Josh,"The game is more interactive and looks amazing.... but thats where it ends...Game bugs and optimization are horrible.  This isn't a Early Release, so I don't expect these kinds of issues with this title.  I love the game series, but as of right now, going to have to request a refund and wait for it to be fixed before I can justify buying and keeping the title...**Updated review... two patches in under 12 hours, the game is playing fairly decent now.  Fixed some of the game breaking bugs and I can actually play the game.  So with that being said, I can change my review to Recommend.  Hats off to the devs for quick responses in the forums to the issues."
,Recommended,645630,33860072,Posted: 28 July,all,84th | Enzym,"Still not finished for an actual release, but the patches are coming along and things are starting to look up, game is actually playable now although still tedious with the poor optimisation, lack of settings such as mouse acceleration and the remaining bugs. Still, it is enjoyable and i can now recommend it."
,Recommended,645630,33861001,Posted: 28 July,all,Citybuild122,"With the update, the game is amazing. I hope that all the negatives will redo their review."
,Recommended,645630,33861012,Posted: 28 July,all,swechover,Well as normal the first day is filled with ♥♥♥♥ups but hey deal with it the game is awesome for what it is and when the devs have fixed the problems then it will be even better so dont be so fast on hitting thumbs down just becouse the first hours didn't work as it shouldgive it a week and then it will show what it worth
76561197962066015,Recommended,645630,33861628,Posted: 28 July,all,Vipzer|UK,"Really, really awesome game! lots of fun, many different cars and a lot to learn. And filling your garage with cars from some auctions and slowly upgrading them is just heaven!NO BUGS!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MqgFxRfI0A"
76561198061599113,Recommended,645630,33863262,Posted: 28 July,all,Eeveelutions,"dont listen to what others say! this game although the graphics are stunning, it does NOT crash, have any problems really, maybe a few tiny bugs but overall its so far been a great game, started it up, kind of worried from the other reviews but as soon as i saw the promos and then the main screen i was very happy. my computer handles it awesomely but i would NOT recommend this to low end pc users like the ones that have been complaining about the lag and issues, my pc isnt super nor is it low end so i dont get 60fps either but i dont get like 20-40 fps either, i get a decent 45-50 maybe but that is on ultra, havent tried high or low yet and the game does lag at times but its very miniscule and just at a ranodm time so its just luck for that, anyway this is a great game to buy i dont know why everyone is upset about their own pcs not being able to handle it but i dont know much about their pcs, only one who has their pc knows whats in it.mine for referencei5 6500 3.2 GHZ quad core processorGigabyte GTX 1060 3 gigs16 gigs of ramAsus H-170 MotherboardRosewill Gold rated power supplythe controls and everything given to you in the beginning is overwhelming but you start small and grow to that point and eventually you just get used to it but i would recommend to others"
76561197989261462,Recommended,645630,33863680,Posted: 28 July,all,chrismokvack,Great game! Runs geat on my one year old pc. Has everything from cms2015 but better and more still.
,Recommended,645630,33863769,Posted: 28 July,all,[NCE] Dark Killex,"I do like this game in its core. However, currently there are still lots of issues.- Sometimes the game black-screens and you can only alt-F4- When installing combined parts (for example callipers, which also need the cilinder), when you select the first part and then press ESC to cancel instead of selecting second part (because you selected wrong first part and can't go back) you lose this first part. It just disappears from you inventory.- Also when installing combined pars (like the callipers) when you select both parts and then have to tighten the nuts, if at that moment you press ESC to cancel you will not lose the parts, but they will be in your inventory as an assembled whole. However, you can not put this assembled part on the car directly, as you have to select both parts individually and I also haven't found a way to split the assembled part into individual parts again, so I just had to sell this and buy the parts new.- I put a car on the test path, clicked on the diagnostic equipment and pop-up said ""Do you want to repair {0} for {1}?- After clicking OK I was put on test path like in CMS2015, but was not able to drive car forwards (engine was started) and couldn't leave either, so I could only alt-F4- After alt-F4 and restarting game, I lost only a tiny bit of progress (so auto-save seems reasonably good) but the story missions seemed to have reset (I received the first story mission again). Couldn't investigate further because when I moved the car to the lifter I got black screened...All in all, I'd say the game has got potential, but currently there are still way to many bugs/issues.Oh also, for the love of god, please get rid of the mouse accelaration... Mouse in menu feels way to floaty. Doesn't really affect the gameplay though.I will recommend this game though, since the developer has already shown that they listen to the community and has added mouse navigation to the menus within an hour after release since the community complained about this. This gives me hope that the other existing issues will be solved as well.EDIT: I tried to play again. Game started freaking out after 2 minutes, constantly changing radio stations and stuttering, eventually just freezing to the point where I had to power cycle my PC...Tried to play again after that, now I can't even get past the loading screen... Just wait a while before picking up this game...Oh btw, I've got a decent gaming PC with 8GB RAM, R9 290 and FX8120 OC to 4.0GHz, so hardware is not the problem.EDIT 2: managed to solve the problem by deleting my profile and starting over. Until I got blackscreened again half an hour later when moving a car to a lifter..."
76561198033235583,Recommended,645630,33863976,Posted: 28 July,all,är du dum i ditt huvud,I Know the game right now have a lot of bugs but the game is so new and many other game do also have many bugs when they relese so i will wait and give them a change and wait for the bugs to be patch:)
76561197963572988,Recommended,645630,33864250,Posted: 28 July,all,§peedy₪,Hi Great game just some smalls things are the fact that the items i buy disappear when i go to put them on the car and also i am stuck putting a lower suspension arm on and it disappears or when i put the two new bushings with it on they become broken for no reason. but besides from that its a great game just with some teething problems.
76561197975918183,Recommended,645630,33864307,Posted: 28 July,all,Rottenfish,"UPDATE: Many many of the bugs have been fixed and the game is very playable and fun!  The last major sort of bug that I still seem to get is that repaired items still don't seem to count, even when above the required repair %.  I never had any performance issues that some others have reported, even though I set all the graphical settings to their highest.  The game just needs more polish, to make menus a little easier to navigate.Overall, I now feel I can totally recommend this to someone that loves to play with Lego and likes to stick to the instructions :)Original day 1 review:I've loved CMS 2015 and played many hours on it, so  CMS 2018 as it stands right now feels like a pre-alpha build there's so many bugs in it.If you loved the other CMS's like I have, as this one does show a lot of promise, do buy it but maybe wait a few weeks.  To give them time to fix some of the more game breaking bugs.Bugs like replacing pistons uses two pistons per piston, accidently sending a customer car to your parking gives a message you can't click away or even use escape to close (force quitting the game is the only way to get rid of it and say bye bye to your progress since the last autosave.  Replacing tyres from old rims to new ones, makes some of the new rims to vanish from your inventory.  If you have X style rims and have two sets that are diffedent sizes (e.g. 16'' and 17'') they somehow change to be the same size as you put tyres on."
,Recommended,645630,33864356,Posted: 28 July,all,WAGGE,"Must say that I´m disappointed by this product, as many already have said it´s very bad optimized and there´s alot of bugs (selling items sometimes doesn´t work, items dissappear from ,inventory etc...)I don´t think it was delayed bc of language... If that WAS the case, they don´t have very high standards before release... This is more like an early alpha release...Edited review, it seems like they really are working hard with solving issues. Although I still believe that it shouldn´t be released in the state it was..."
,Recommended,645630,33864782,Posted: 28 July,all,ghp010498,Thank you for coming out with this game I absolutely love it!!!!
76561198049931013,Recommended,645630,33865012,Posted: 28 July,all,Chaos.command,"The game didnt have any problems for me in the beginningBut then after a some time it had its first problem so i had to force quit the game and came back to my save file.Only to see that i still had all my cash,exp,parts garage upgrades,everything but the Story orders were reset.And the problem was that a car could start its engine but the game bugged out on that and was put inside the test pathonce in there and in the car you couldnt do anything.When i came back it said ""cant start engine"" the car was the same order i took before but the order list was from the very first one.For me the game isnt that bad as everyone says, it has it problems but well for the moment i'll live with them till they get fixed"
76561198086754069,Recommended,645630,33865029,Posted: 28 July,all,Mailsey,"Once the patches come out for this game, its gunna be so good!"
76561198276103220,Recommended,645630,33866104,Posted: 28 July,all,WildWolf,I dont usually post reviews but for this game i felt i had to.So the game itself isnt the smoothest (due to optimisation that can be fixed in the future).Im not too impressed with the dlc already released XD.Everything else is amazing and i truely love the game and hope the dev's continue to work on the game.
,Recommended,645630,33866258,Posted: 28 July,all,TheOneManArnie,Great Game good graphics Worth every dollar spent
,Recommended,645630,33866264,Posted: 28 July,all,Minde,"I'll leave positive review just because I belive RedDot will fix the game soon.The one thing I was disapointed is that most of the cars use same few engines, I would really like to see some variety."
76561198126100936,Recommended,645630,33867708,Posted: 28 July,all,zsmith789,"This is a broken game in it's current state. Parts mysteriously disappear from your inventory no sooner than you purchase them, part conditions change from 100% to whatever condition was originally on the car (making some missions impassable!), random freezes and crashes make it difficult to make any sort of progress in the game.. I am a huge fan of the car mechanic series (200+ hrs on cms 15), and I have confidence that these bugs will get worked out in time, but I don't think this game should have been released in the state that it's in.Edit: The devs fixed all of the game breaking bugs I encountered within 12 hrs of releasing the game. Although it's still a little buggy It's playable for most people and if it's going to be anything like cms 15, it will get much, much better with time."
,Recommended,645630,33867784,Posted: 28 July,all,Rgeers,"It's in a rough state at the moment. But, looking at the previous game, Car Mechanic Simulator 15, this game will become an amazing game. It's worth a purchase if you can look past the bugs and the bad optimisation, and it's most certainly worth purchasing it in a few weeks, when it runs perfectly."
,Recommended,645630,33868031,Posted: 28 July,all,Mr. Fally,Pretty fun game but bugs make it unplayable and annoying. Wait a few days for everything to be fixed but now it's not worth your time.
76561197967598027,Recommended,645630,33868669,Posted: 28 July,all,NiTr0rAtT3,"Hello Dear Red Dot Games.I've playing the Game now 1 Hour. And my Game crashed 2 Times. ""Display freezes. have to STRG + ALT + DEL, and kill the Task.""The Mouse feels Spongy, even i play completley without VSYNC, and have a bit higher FPS on Medium.I play it in German language, in the second assignment i have to Change the Tires, get to the Tire Changer, and pull the Tire of the Rim. This is NOT POSSIBLE! with German!!Fix that Bug please. I can Continue the Game, but only when i change the Language to English. This cannot be!We are not Your beta Testers! When the Game still in this Beta Status, you better not realesed it yet, or just released it as Eary Access or something.The Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 was just beautiful, the idea behind the CMS 18 is just great! But please work on these Bugs, its just frustrating."
76561198026236139,Recommended,645630,33869097,Posted: 28 July,all,Regen752,"I really loved Car Mechanic Simulator 2015, it was one of my favorite simulator games and I think one of the highest quality.Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 had me really hyped, the gameplay itself is great, improves on CMS 15 in so many ways. I really want this game to be the best it can be, this is why I hope the developers will address and fix these big issues:-Performance-Better Graphics menu (this will help with performance, I'm sure the lighting has a big performance impact and there's no way to disable it)-Slider wheel is ok, but please add shortcuts back aswell (ie 1 = disassemble mode 2 = examine mode etc)-Mouse acceleration disable (mouse moves too fast)-FOV (not a big deal but would be nice)-Number of cars (will most likely increase, CMS 15 didn't have many on release)-Bugs (normal for initial release)However with all these issues in mind I can't help but wonder why they didn't put this game in Early Access? It would give the developers a free pass for the issues since it was still EA, and they would be able to fix issues at their own pace."
,Recommended,645630,33870007,Posted: 28 July,all,Irock396,i love this game
76561198073582568,Recommended,645630,33870609,Posted: 28 July,all,Dstebbs,"I'm just here having fun playing at 720p and enjoying the new features and the overall better feel of the game. I'm sure they will patch it to make it feel all pretty and clean @ 60fps Ultra, but for me this is a modern day Gearhead Garage at a fairly cheap price.Edit:A lot of the initial bugs have been patched (been at least 3 since release). Skills work now, smoother gameplay, tablet now can be accessed in assemble mode and other minor bugs."
76561198126029176,Recommended,645630,33870634,Posted: 28 July,all,H[ei]T°,"As I promised, here is edited rewiew after two major patches, which RedDot team pushed out in friday night and saturday night!Most of the gamebreaking stuff is gone, at least for me, still some minor bugs left, but game is enjoyable now!Attention to details in this game is really impressive! Love the new tire mounting, balancing and spring mounting feature! There is a lot more new things like barns and junkyard, where you can find parts and old cars, which you can buy , restore and then sell in auctions!Overall I give this game 10/10, because there is not so many educational games around like this, and also devs, Red Dot Games, are working all weekend 24/7, to sort their game out, so we can ejoy it! They have been highly responsive to all complains and fixed most of the bugs immediately!Thank you for that!I love this game and highly recommend to all car fanatics, like myself!"
76561198193830427,Recommended,645630,33870663,Posted: 28 July,all,bliss.damon,"This game so far is pretty impressive. I understand that with anything new there are bugs, however such an awesome team working hard and always updating to make the game better."
,Recommended,645630,33871166,Posted: 28 July,all,Pop455,"I LOVE IT except, it wont let me drain the oil in the car for the first mission... fix plz"
76561198206313216,Recommended,645630,33859392,Posted: 28 July,all,DuckCommanderSR,"well they fixed the major bugs that kept me from playing so I really like the game, the major problem I notice though is how much you have to do just to unlock the paint shop to start fixing up your auction, barn find, or junkyard cars up"
76561198037826702,Recommended,645630,33859411,Posted: 28 July,all,BYND FailoFishy,"So far so good! Loving all the new tools and extra parts to work with! Tire sizes, wheel balancing! So much more too!"
76561198000356119,Recommended,645630,33861624,Posted: 28 July,all,Diesel Brothers,The game crashes when u remove oil cap
76561198046048443,Recommended,645630,33861930,Posted: 28 July,all,OMAE WA MOU SHINDEIRU,"People are quick to judge, ignorant and impatient.Immediately after release there have been some issues with the game, but were fixed within a small timewindow.I can play the game perfectly fine right now without having any issues.FPS are constantly at 60 on ultra settings.Intel I7 4770kNvidia GTX 980 TI32 Gig RamThe negative reviews you find in here are mostly made by people who couldn't figure out how to do a tutorial, and yes there have been multiple cases I had to help those people out.I'd recommend you to buy it :)"
76561198208730451,Recommended,645630,33862405,Posted: 28 July,all,Seeker[Ace],[UPDATED]Waited for the patches. Got my results. Ok it was an letdown after a delay for an week and the bugs that came with the launch. I was dissapointed. But I didn cryed like a baby and helped the Devs to find and fix the bugs. And now you can look at my Hours. If you are looking to buy this game right now I would suggest you to wait ATLEAST a couple of weeks before buying it. Its not in it perfect form yet but it will be evantualy. Have a good day. (Sorry for the missspellings) :D
,Recommended,645630,33862773,Posted: 28 July,all,Murder Bundle,"Overall, the game is a more featured version of what we had in CMS 2015. It's on the right track after a bumpy release that seems common for games these days. 1.0 does not mean anything :)Some quality of life stuff that still needs to be added from 2015:* Cannot Sell All or Sell Junk like in 2015Minor stuff to be resolved that doesnt really affect my opinion of the game:* Optimization - GTX 1070 should be able to play on High/Ultra.. not Low/Medium.* Controls - Mouse and keyboard controls are inconsistent. Someitmes you need to press escape, sometimes right-click* Test Path requires Xbox controller to work the car.* Grammar/spelling issues - English not so good cause translate from Polish but is OK*update after release day and patch 1.0.2:Parts are now working properly, so game seems to be working much better.Changing review to positive due to active devs fixing major issues quickly:* Cannot finish 5th story mission because part keeps reverting to bad condition* Inventory Items disappear when being installed in a multi-component part like brake calipers or lower suspension arm"
76561198319891453,Recommended,645630,33863268,Posted: 28 July,all,hotwheel,i would recamend this game just i would sujest buying it later like in a week from now sence it has relised just today
76561198202040436,Recommended,645630,33863431,Posted: 28 July,all,DominatorC,"The developers are incredible, and any bugs reported are getting fixed. Highly recommend this game if you liked CMS15"
,Recommended,645630,33863914,Posted: 28 July,all,bish_ken,Using a GTX1070 on Ultra settingConstant 60fps after 1.01 patchAlmost some minor bug still exist so it might be better just to wait a hit
,Recommended,645630,33864313,Posted: 28 July,all,Jezza,"Just got off a 2 hour session playing CMS2018 and so far so good.  I`ve not experienced any issues so far with the game. The UI is a bit clunky especially if you've been playing CMS2015 recently.  I soon got used to right clicking to bring the menu up and navigating through it.Graphically I've no problems running on High on a GTX770 4mb, I5 2600K and 16 GB RAM. Its pretty smooth so far.Would I recommend buying it... Yes I would. For the price which is about 16 Euro with the discount (base game no DLC) that is amazing value for money and I can get the DLCs as my budget allows.Good Job Red Dot I'm enjoying my time in my garage so far lets hope it continues.(PS: beginner tip -don't forget to balance your wheels after replacing the rubber or you wont be able to fit them!)"
,Recommended,645630,33865008,Posted: 28 July,all,AyeYerMa,"I bought this game as soon as it was released on Steam, even got the DLC because I knew the game would be good. I didn't play it straight away though as I had stuff to do, but when I was ready to play I checked the store page to see the reviews. I was quite shocked to see so many people expecting the game to perform flawlessly on Day One. Perhaps these people are normally console gamers, because any self respecting PC gamer would understand that our computers are not consoles, each and every computer is different and game performance directly correlates to the performance of your PC. So cut the developers some slack, let them fix the problems and make adjustments, its not their fault you expected too much.Anyway I look forward to future updates and I'm glad the overall reviews is starting to improve."
76561198163237526,Recommended,645630,33865996,Posted: 28 July,all,joshua_c_byrd,"The game is awsome except for a few bugs, Which I know Playway and RedDot will fix very soon.Republic of GamingMy specs are Intel core I7 duel 2.6 Ghtz ProcessorGeforce GTX 960 2 g Video16 G RAM with 1 TB HDNo black outs so far but cant install brake calipers"
76561198029657898,Recommended,645630,33866146,Posted: 28 July,all,YaTchi,"2015 was very good, simple gameplay, no bugs.This release, 1.0.0 have a lot of bug (can't have proper keyboard layout for example), black screen...So, let him a chance to become as fun as the previous version but for now, wait for some updates, serious update."
,Recommended,645630,33866801,Posted: 28 July,all,Menace,runs good .. Please fix the probkems with puing back together cam Clamps . engine covers gets in the way so you cant put clamps back on
,Recommended,645630,33868295,Posted: 28 July,all,KingNilzz,"I got a little worried after reading the reviews, but caved and bought it anyway, and to be honest with you, I'm running it on High with a GTX960, i5-6400 2.70GHz and 8GB RAM and I've had no issues whatsoever."
,Recommended,645630,33869604,Posted: 28 July,all,Mike Rofone,"The game looks beautiful and it runs great in 1080P Ultra. There are bugs yes. Game breaking bugs yes. This game is not playebal at this point. But knowing Red Dot Games/PlayWay this will be fixed very soon. The only missions/contracts you can do now without problems are the break and suspension contracts. But trust me. The game is broke as hell now, but that will change very soon. We are talking days maybe a few weeks. But they will get there soon. They plan at least a two year support for this beautiful game.Give them a chance to fix there problems and you will be surprised. This is by all means a great game. Just a bad launch with a lot of bugs.I for one have good faith in them.If you have a coupon? Use it. This will be great."
,Recommended,645630,33870062,Posted: 28 July,all,RisingRedWolf,"I have updated my review.Yes, the optimization is bad, yes the tutorial is bugged and there should be a skip button, but once you are in the game, go to the garage door, click test track, and do the test and then you'll be given your starter garage and the tools you need to start earning money. The game will run at a playable framerate once you reach this point (I'm getting around 45-60fps on medium with one car being worked on at a time) and its here that you start to see the improvements this iteration has over the previous ones.There are new animations, such as the tyre changer and wheel balancer spinning.The part seperation mechanic is a nice addition, which adds a small layer of depth to the game allowing you to seperate wheels from tyres and brake caliper from the cylinder. This means that there are now more overall parts available allowing for greater realism and accuracy.The presentation overall is a step up, allowing for a more accessible and possibly controller friendly interface.The graphics are definitely prettier, showing greater detail in textures and much more reflective surfaces as well as some very nice chrome effects.Should you buy this? Well it as of right now it depends on if you are willing to put up with poor optimization and bugs. If not, then wait a week or two, and check back to see if these issues have been fixed before making up your mind, or just purchase CMS 2015 if you haven't already.My original review follows:When I saw this released I knew I had to get it, I loved the previous two games and I saw that to my surprise this one has negative reviews, which mostly came down to optimization. ""Okay, so I will run the game on some custom settings and enjoy what I have here, as long as it's playable"" I say to myself, and I buy the game.I open the game and I go to options and there are only options for preset graphics configurations. ""Disappointing, but I can live with that"" I say to myself as I set the options to medium and then see that my game is now running in 60fps.I begin a new game, and I am put in my garage with a much lower framerate and two cars with absolutely no information as to why they are there. I inspect these cars and I appear to own them. ""Cool"" I say, ""I might just sell them and use the money to buy a car from the auction house"". I sell one of the cars and see that my framerate has effectively doubled. ""Okay, so the optimization definetly needs some work, but I can live with this"" I say, as I proceed to sell the other car.With both cars sold, it is now time to buy me a new one to build up, so I head to the garage door and try to click on auction house, doesn't work. I try to click on junkyard, doesn't work. ""Must be because I dont have cars to drive there"" I say to my self as I move my mouse over the other available destinations, and to my surprise I have a spare parking lot available to me to already use. ""Cool"", I say as I click on it to have a look.After a breif loading screen I am in my parking lot and I have a quick look around. Time to go back to my garage and figure the game out. I load back into my garage and boom!The two cars have mysteriously reappeared. I check my bank account. Money is still there from when I sold the other cars. I sell them again. I go to parking lot and back to garage. Cars reappeared again. I sell them. I quit game. I load game. Cars reappeared again. I sell them again and quit the game.I have nearly half a million dollars in the first 10 minutes of playing the game. This is not how I intended to play the game and I doubt this is how the devs intended for the game to be played.Unfortunately it's clearly not ready, lack of optimization I can live with if the game is playable, but this game is fundamentally broken and is clearly not ready for release yet.If you want your CMS fix, I recommend trying CMS 2015. Don't buy this game until it has patches and optimizations. It's a shame, these devs have been great in the past and I am not sure what happened here, but I hope they get it sorted out soon as I don't really want to see this game fail."
,Recommended,645630,33870708,Posted: 28 July,all,Velo634,"Great game, no problems so far!!"
76561198292214923,Recommended,645630,33870868,Posted: 28 July,all,RapidJosh,"great game potential; simply needs a couple bug patches and its good to go. honestly, if youcannotdeal with early access, dont buy it."
,Recommended,645630,33871001,Posted: 28 July,all,Cdn19,"Ok so far apart from some little bugs the game is very good and looks amazing the detail in this game is close to how it really is being a Mechanic in real life, the leveling up system is good and keeps you wanting to play i am loving the game and i believe PlayWay has done a great job and is a big set up from CMS15"
,Recommended,645630,33871069,Posted: 28 July,all,KesterMac,Has a few bugs as per normal day 1 realeses but loving it! been playing it most of the day. Good work Playway cant wait for more DLC
,Recommended,645630,33871181,Posted: 28 July,all,Bizarre™,"The optimization is not NEARLY as bad as people say. Yes, it's unoptimized, but it runs fine (45-50fps on a GTX 1070 on Ultra, with an i5-6600), and that's not the main problem.There are virtually NO options, no contorl sensitivity, no way to disable mouse acceleration, and no way to remap controls. That's the problem.If you can deal with all of that? This game seems to be a pretty good sequel to 2015 and I'd recommend it at this price."
,Recommended,645630,33859307,Posted: 28 July,all,kraken72cdn,"****REVIEWED****Looks like the patch worked fine... mouse is back, no more crash, and performance are better, and game is fun... Changed a few brakepads, and enjoyed it!************************Very sluggish performance even on high-end system. Mouse does not work in main menu, and hangs while exploring this same menu (needed ctrl-alt-del).Would love to like it, but it's frustrating! Game was delayed, even now it's not even ready and should not have been released!Hope they get their act together fast, or I'll ask for a refund!**************************"
,Recommended,645630,33864741,Posted: 28 July,all,Kronans,Sad that the game get to many negativ reviews here. yes many bugs dont know were they found ther testing team. but if looking at the grafic it is realy good. easy to see parts mm. low fps but thise game dont need high. takes time to learn how the game moves when going from one place to next. Give the game some weeks and it is realy good one.
76561198166034861,Recommended,645630,33865081,Posted: 28 July,all,HulkyBear ♔,"I love these kind of games. Its amazing how fast 3 hours go by just because you can't repair the car, and by that I mean, going back checking the same part because the game says its broken. And after taking the car apart 15 times, bought 500 more parts than you should the order still says you've failed to change one or more parts. So you decide to take the whole car apart and replace everything with new parts so it can't go wrong. But the game still says you've failed to replace the faulty god damn stupid motherducking rubber bushing so you just finish the order, lose about 3000$ because you tried everything, and boombadabing you're back to square one working on a new dumbass car.10/10 would replace rubber bushing again."
76561198088480984,Recommended,645630,33871201,Posted: 28 July,all,The Ninja,Very good game and very good team of Devs. They are working really hard to fix everything they can. Game is a little rough right now but its turning out to be one hell of a game. Im enjoying the  hell out of it right now.
76561198090705603,Recommended,645630,33870559,Posted: 28 July,all,[Legend's Clan] Cerio Unknown,"Already played for about 5 hours and I love it! CMS 2015 was great but this game has unlimited potential with the new way you can mod in your own custom cars. If you loved CMS 2015 you'll love this game.Things to note at the day of release:Tons of bugs (nothing game breaking)Major lack of optimizationLots of options missing (FOV slider, invert mouse, etc.)Mouse acceleration is grossNo way to type in the amount of an item you want (forced to use arrows by clicking for ages if you want to buy in bulk)Loading times are long and most of the time result in ""Not Responding"" then resume about 1-2 minutes laterCars seem to auto-drift and lose control for whatever reasonNo way to open tablet while in assemble mode like you could in CMS 2015There are many more issues i've experienced BUT I know these devs are great and will fix most if not all of these problems in the furure."
,Recommended,645630,33862601,Posted: 28 July,all,CJ696,"I would recommend this game it has been running well on my system. Although the other comments are correct it needs better optimization settings.I feel they were to focused on bringing it to consoles and left out key features for pc gaming. Key binding being huge. You have to right click and use a menu wheel, but in the old ones they were bound. For example, pressing “2” for assemble mode. Now I have to right click and drag over. Which may seem small but I keep frustratingly hit 2 to assemble. I have hope for updates because their previous games were great. 7/10"
76561198283835749,Recommended,645630,33863589,Posted: 28 July,all,onelmoreno853,when is this game coming to ps4?
76561198128058953,Recommended,645630,33865204,Posted: 28 July,all,mrfalt [506 IR],"1070 Strix, 16GB RAM, on Medium I get 60 fps, but my computer being about 4 months old has never had a problem running a game in high/ultra.  Not sure why I get 25-35 fps on high.  I haven't even tried ultra.  Maybe like the rest of the reviews said, this game will be optimizied soon."
76561198372103868,Recommended,645630,33867978,Posted: 28 July,all,T0MMY1294,"*REVIEW UPDATE*Since the patch came out today I noticed a lot of fixes and I'm loving the game so far. There's still a few things wrong, but most problems are now working fine. I'm very happy with the update and will get better over time as its only a day old I now would recommend the game I'm extremely happy and no longer feel '' ripped''*LAST REVIEW*I played 4 hours on this game and it won't let me load back into my save like what the hell? Seriously, I been hyped for this for a few months now accepted it been delayed for a week and for what? Not fully optimized and buggy as hell I do like the concept of the game, but I can not recommend it in this state please fix Immediately!! I really wanted to give this a thumbs up, but I feel ripped :{"
76561198127249626,Recommended,645630,33870353,Posted: 28 July,all,[RoS] UrNxT,good game i few bugs but it just came out.
76561198098085120,Recommended,645630,33870733,Posted: 28 July,all,vXLoadedWeapon,The welder is now broken whenever i go to repair my car body a blank menu gets stuck on my screen. other than that grreat game highly recommended
,Recommended,645630,34848047,Posted: 9 September,all,ollem,Great game
76561198130424601,Recommended,645630,34848149,Posted: 9 September,all,helloworld00036,I have been so addicted to this game! if you like taking things apart and fixing them then putting them back on the car this is the game for you!
,Recommended,645630,34849934,Posted: 9 September,all,lef149,"My biggest gripe with this game, and was the same for the previous game, is that you can't fix the rust."
76561198290184537,Recommended,645630,34825728,Posted: 8 September,all,RainbowPiggies21,Best car simulator around!!!
,Recommended,645630,34826848,Posted: 8 September,all,Wells,"Even with most of the bugs in this game, it's still a lot of fun to play. You can tell the team is working very hard to get this game where it needs to be and they have come such a long way from the release. My only complaint right now that drives me a little crazy are the driving physics. I should enjoy taking a freshly rebuilt car to the airport or race track, but sadly, I don't. It's really the only thing left that I hate so much that I competely quit going to those places because I know I will not enjoy taking a car there to drive around. Honestly, I hate even going to the test track, but I do because it helps going the main missions. Other than that, I love playing this game. I expect to put many more hours into it and hope that the updates keep coming out."
76561198252666646,Recommended,645630,34826080,Posted: 8 September,all,badr_187,"I really like this game. Graphics have improved alot since the 2015 installment, and the progression system, while tiresome, can actually be challenging. I like how it doesn't tell you which parts need to be replaced, as it truly immerses you in what it truly means to be a mechanic; problem solving through deduction! Any car building enthusiast will you that's what it's about. And this game reflects that perfectly.I understand there may be bugs, but it's worth it. It's not unplayable. And I understand the developers are constantly updating it (hell, I'm downloading an update as we speak.)"
,Recommended,645630,34835921,Posted: 9 September,all,Blassther,Lovely way to learn more about cars.
,Recommended,645630,33868780,Posted: 28 July,all,MrDanMan,"This game has had a rough start with a lot of bugs, glitches, crashes, you name it.But the devs have worked very hard to fix it all. They didn't only fix it, but they also added extra content while fixing a lot of the bugs.I think there is still some optimisation to be done, but at least it is very playable now.Currently waiting for the Dyno to release!"
76561198193191965,Recommended,645630,35154935,Posted: 23 September,all,Sinister,Not knowing what to expect. It took me a while toget the hang of the mechanics but a couple of hours in and you sorted. Overall fun and entertaining. Will recommend adding to your collection.
,Recommended,645630,35047243,Posted: 18 September,all,Dragonkid98,I love this damn game!
76561197993805742,Not Recommended,645630,33889128,Posted: 29 July,all,Troyle,=(
76561198072175607,Not Recommended,645630,33893023,Posted: 29 July,all,antrobusc,unplayable. do not buy. patch needed
76561198288600411,Not Recommended,645630,33888447,Posted: 29 July,all,CaptianTinkleButt,"cant exit garage, laggy as ♥♥♥♥, not much improvment from 2015"
76561198040522775,Not Recommended,645630,33890650,Posted: 29 July,all,Zlash_5,"Okey so i ranked up to level 12 and got my own rusty overly expensive car, i tok out the entire engine (and much more) to make sure every part i put back was prestine! After a long 10 hours it was bed time and i was looking forward to put it all together, but that would never happen... When i logged back in i was level 3 again and i still had the car i bought but my entire inventory was empty!This is the 3rd time my save got bugged and this is game breaking. Do not buy if you care about progress and keeping saves.Also all your saves get's deleted if you try to start a new game..."
,Not Recommended,645630,33892988,Posted: 29 July,all,Blue Jay Games,"So, after a little trial and error, I'm rewriting my original negative review. This game is not as finalized and polished as its 2015 variant, BUT if Red Dot can fix its bugs this game has great potential to surpass the previous installments. Protip: drain the oil using the actual drain instead of trying to pull the plug from the car."
76561198117523921,Not Recommended,645630,33893234,Posted: 29 July,all,Kaiser Chillhelm,"I cannot recomend this game because it is way to bugy. At one point in the game i tried to remove an oil filter and the game crashed, i lost 3 hours of progress. Even if you manage to get through the cars the game gives you at the start you cannot service anymore because ""There are no jobs available"". If you leave the garage that you start in on foot and come back the two exact same cars that the game gives you at the start re-apear. When I first entered the game there was extremely poor explanation of what you were supposed to do, I wasted 2 hours trying to figure out how to repair parts, how to operate the lift, how to clean the interior of a car and the list continues. For those reasons I highly discourage anyone from buying this game when it is in this state, it as a very big mistake to release Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 in the state that it's in."
76561198295680128,Not Recommended,645630,33893966,Posted: 29 July,all,mmiranda030389,"as of now this game is too buggy, specially when i go to take apart engine on engine stand it just freezes but still lets me rotate camera but wont do anything when i press a key or mouse buttions, which happened 3x allready. it got me frustrated that i requested a refund"
76561198176148543,Not Recommended,645630,33892640,Posted: 29 July,all,halfbaked2001,"Took less then 5 minutes to crash. Crashes mostly easy to deal with just  save after every job or every few minutes on big jobs, However a major bug is in the game an the developers had to have known it was there since didn't take me long to see it. Major bug that I found was repairing the old pick up looks like a ford f100 had to replace the front spring cap tried removing cap only it took the cap, spring, an double wishbone shock absorber off so when i tried to put on the new cap it wouldn't seperate the 3 so I bought all 3 to put it back on with new, double wishbone, new spring, and cap guess what told me I didn't have the parts. Afterwards when I found I was screwed I couldn't end job I couldn't advance job either sothat game got screwed. Since I already have the game an steam seems to not like giving returns by time you find a game breaking bug gues i'm stuck with the lousy game that I can't play am out bout 25 bucks unless they fix it which probably never happen cauese they had to known it was there and obviously didn't have the fix."
,Not Recommended,645630,33902653,Posted: 30 July,all,| LF | Los Lolmenos Bastardos,Is this an Alpha version ? I´m not sure...
,Not Recommended,645630,33916249,Posted: 30 July,all,AdrBoom,really bad.... lots of bugs when u dissamble the motor... and other things...
76561198090894665,Not Recommended,645630,33986302,Posted: 2 August,all,iiDEATHKINGii,i am so so very angry at this point of time i lost everything i was at level 22 im so ♥♥♥♥ing outraged i really am i waited patient for you ♥♥♥♥ing updates and you screw me like this bugger this i tried really hard to im so dissapointed thanks alot
,Not Recommended,645630,33892691,Posted: 29 July,all,BasicallyKenBlock,Really hoped that this game would be good. Honestly not worth the money if you are like me and don't have a great pc. I'll stick to CMS2015.
,Not Recommended,645630,33916592,Posted: 30 July,all,AvenAG,as the moment i liked it when it was working but now my game just stays on the loading screen forever
76561198406618936,Not Recommended,645630,34157825,Posted: 10 August,all,Benji2275,"The game is ok, I wouldn't get it just yet though. I would recomend waiting a few months and seeing what happens to it. I also recomend you read some other comments too, as the writers of them might have other opinions."
76561198306527172,Not Recommended,645630,33911764,Posted: 30 July,all,mrobbins1596,game crashes everytime i try to play it.
76561198005405690,Not Recommended,645630,33915658,Posted: 30 July,all,Executioner13,Should be in early alpha.
76561198045398611,Not Recommended,645630,33990404,Posted: 3 August,all,Peter,Try Car Mechanic Simulator 2018. Biggest bugfest of a game released Ever !! Never seen such a broken game on release !
76561198028395434,Not Recommended,645630,33859753,Posted: 28 July,all,Boatabike,"edit: 1 month on and i am still faced with a game breaking bug that does not allow me to play the game. Seems it is a smaller number of people suffering this bug so it is not worth the attention. Full release title and still cant play it.I starting this fiasco with a thumbs down, i then changed it to a thumbs up as the devs were on the case but.... The longer i play, the more bugs i come across, from silly little things to major i cant continue like this.  The amount of bugs in this product is huge and across the board. I hovered over the refund button at the time and chose to stick with it as the devs have produced a very good series pre this game. Who is responsible for releasing this in this condition i do not know and do not anylonger care. I believe the devs will work on this until it is right ....but... (lot of buts in this game) this should never have been released as a finished product, it is not, and it is a frustrating mess to struggle with."
,Not Recommended,645630,33860579,Posted: 28 July,all,Ministig3,Now the patches have come its much better. But is still an unfinished game pushed out to us to find the bugs which is not hard.
,Recommended,645630,35198204,Posted: 25 September,all,Hellasad,Wish there was some engine stands for storage to show off those fully built engines
76561198309826364,Recommended,645630,35310741,Posted: 29 September,all,FreakFacePAW,"This game ist perfect for those that Like cars but are also interested into the mechanics. I think it's satisfying to just repair the cars, expanding your garage and restorating pieces."
76561198312589348,Recommended,645630,35051587,Posted: 18 September,all,xXHunter52Xx,"Could be more in depth, but alright for where its at right now."
76561198006514123,Recommended,645630,35296516,Posted: 29 September,all,Rogal_Dorn,Good stuff
,Recommended,645630,35051185,Posted: 18 September,all,Zig zag,Great game they did really good job so far. But i think it still more work. Overall great game i learned a lot from this game.
76561198349168085,Recommended,645630,35098400,Posted: 20 September,all,TaufiqTX,"Its ok in my honest opinion. The graphics are excellent, have mine maxed out. Just wish there was a tutorial, and more in depth wrenching. Like the engine bays are missing quite a few components.  Bought it when it went on sale."
76561197989056458,Recommended,645630,35191727,Posted: 24 September,all,Gh0st4893,"Holy christ this game is addicting...  since i have a general knowledge of auto shop work and mechanics the learning curve was almost non-existent, even skipping the tutorial. Im 4 hours into the game, and time flew by. It was fun trying to find the issues with the cars. would definetley recommend for a car guy, or someone that wants to learn the concepts."
,Recommended,645630,34990115,Posted: 16 September,all,Dust1n94,this game runs good most of the proccessing bugs are fixed and it runs smooth but still a few glitches with items and stuff butt not to big of a deal
76561198068902663,Recommended,645630,35029777,Posted: 17 September,all,Robback,"Ok first of all the game goes well after several patches, its a fun game if you liked the others cms the only thing is that you will probably get bored first of all gaining experience in orther to upgrade your garage is really really slow, so you will need to play a lot of time in orther to be able to get all the current skills till lvl 50 to be able to completely restore cars you need to be at least lvl 30 cause thats when you unlock the paint shop money shouldnt be a problem by that point in order to restore several cars and keep some and sell some. you will need patience in order to wait all the loading screens since you get one for every change of location other thing is that if you go to the parking and have more than one parking lvl you cant  go to other level unless you go back to the garage then select the other parking lvl, im just hoping they include other aspects from the previous cms the drag strip, the performance parts shop and the dyno is the feature im really waiting also being able to change the engine from the car since you cant get supercharged engines cars from the junkyard, barns or the auctions with out a lot of visits to them. But in the end it is the more complete cms till now that you need to assemble rims to tires and then balance them is really nice addition for this kind of game feels more realistic im hoping for more updates/dlcs now i will continue my search of a dodge challenger with supercharger engine"
76561198157914895,Recommended,645630,35051361,Posted: 18 September,all,Bedo86,"very very relaxing in my opinion, i seem to love this game dunno why but i reccomend it since there is no reason not to......"
76561198006624162,Recommended,645630,35294105,Posted: 29 September,all,samro11,"I was late coming to the CMS2018 party, its worked fine for me thus far, and with more content comeing I can see me playing it for a good wail.I don't normal review but I felt it needed it as its current state does not reflect a lot of the early comments."
,Recommended,645630,34986738,Posted: 15 September,all,8ight,"Best about the game is you become the mechanic itself. At first, I know nothing about cars engine. I know cars but not the engine. The location of spark plug, piston, water pump and etc. My first simulator game is CMS15. Then, CMS18 released but full of bugs. But CMS developer team keep their game back to it shape again. Fixing bugs is not easy. The game is worth it trust me on this."
,Recommended,645630,35029887,Posted: 17 September,all,Bounty,"Loved the concept, Love the game. i recommend it with all my heart, it's about 80% accurate to the real life and at least you learn some things if you are a car enthusiast"
,Recommended,645630,35314597,Posted: 29 September,all,snekkie,This game is fun but I found a glitch in one of the progressive mission cars where small rubber bushings are not replaceble so you cant finish the car please help
,Recommended,645630,35477505,Posted: 4 October,all,Konstappi,Tosi mukava peli mutta jos on joku alle 600€ kone nii ei sitte ehkä pyöritä hyvi!
76561198106196179,Recommended,645630,35503024,Posted: 5 October,all,arrshadowman,"I Love The Game, but too many bugs. Performance lag/lack of optimization. The Red Dot Games website hasn't been updated in 2 years, so they don't even look like a real game studio. Tech support still hasn't responded to my level 52 save game that ver 1.38 destroyed both at home and on the cloud. Can't reach anyone at the developer studio. And October 5, 2017 came and went, and without dropping the Free Tuning DLC it confirmed weeks ago was coming. The game still runs like a Beta, and was released in July, 3 months ago at the time of this review. Yes, I still like the game, just wish they had finished it before releasing it. They don't even have a Beta testing option for updated code, so they turn everyone into a beta tester whether they want to be or not. I may update this review at a later date, hopefully it will be fixed soon.(Warehouse still takes forever to load, for some reason they don't keep it in memory, which would have been the smart thing to do.)(As you look around, Item tags around objects are still lagging the display, going from 124 FPS to 12 FPS)(Thread Bound, for some reason they aren't using multi-threading, which 95% of PC have today. Core2 gets pegged at 100% while the other 3 cores are at idle)"
76561198000481335,Recommended,645630,35176292,Posted: 24 September,all,Deathtripper,After a few initial problems this has now become really fun.  Still more improvements could be made but developers are working hard to make it great.
,Recommended,645630,35254078,Posted: 27 September,all,Platypus,"Edit: after reading Irezel's reply and subsequently this post -http://steamcommunity.com/app/645630/discussions/0/1470841715934255866/- I believe my review lacked thorough research of the game.  While I still believe these features should have been a part of the base game on release, the fact that red dot is actively getting these features for free is promising.  I have changed my recommendation to reflect this.I really wanted to like this game, and for the first 8-9 hours i did.  Wrenching and fixing every aspect of a vehicle is a real appeal for a car guy.  Removing and bolting in parts felt much smoother.  The view extents at which you zoomed to different car parts felt much cleaner and easier to access.  And of course, everything looked excellent, from the tool boxes to the side mirrors.Unfortunately there's a downside (for me)It was about the 8 hour mark where I hit the point where I had accumulated enough money to begin purchasing and  fixing barn finds and junkyard picks - it was then that I realized that engine swaps, tuning and tuner parts were not available in 2018.  I know, i know, this is mostly my fault because I should have read some more detailed reviews before buying, but come on red dot games. You released these features in 2015 (which i purchased late - with all DLCs - and loved every minute of it)  How could these features not be a part of 2018?  I would easily drop more money for the game as a whole if these were features on release, but no, I have to wait. And then buy them as DLC...even though I had them in 2015.6/10 - please consider adding previously existing DLC features into the base game for new releases"
76561198081207032,Recommended,645630,34940828,Posted: 13 September,all,Tugumi,"i have always loved the previous CMS games, but this one is by far the best... but it could be better..i love the option for tire sizes, aswell as being able to paint individial body parts of the car. although the game had a VERY rough lanch, the developers are constantly updating the game, and i appreciate thatThings i would love to see in future:-Bring performance parts back-Customization (Wings, Blacked out headlights, mabye even fender flaaress?!?!?!-Wrap editor-multiplayer races/freeroam???Overall, its not a bad game, its fun, but i hope to see more features and content in the future!"
76561198168590160,Recommended,645630,34987238,Posted: 15 September,all,Somebody,"Very very good game, I just wish it had aftermarket body parts, like fenders or add on fenders, such as a widebody, differnt bumpers, mirrors, window tint or headlight/taillight tint. There should be different springs, like racing or offroad, so you can lift or lower cars. Bigger tires, spoliers for cars, spilters, basically alot of customization, that should be here to make it better. last thing when you are at a junkyard or something you should be able to open the map and keep traviling. Still love this game, very good game, but can have more to make it better."
,Recommended,645630,35284360,Posted: 28 September,all,🅱ulse,please help me.also game is pretty good.
76561198322432203,Recommended,645630,35313152,Posted: 29 September,all,Pike,"I only have 3 hours in this game and I already love it. I don't know anything about the mechanics of cars, but that doesn't hinder my enjoyment of this game. This game is weirdly relaxing, and I feel like it's impossible to become frustrated while playing it. It's got some cool royalty free music you can listen to on the game's built-in radio, which is nice. As far as graphics go, this game looks great when you're in the mechanic shop, and the interiors of the cars look good. There is obvious attention to detail. Supposedly this game had a rough, buggy launch, but I haven't encountered any bugs so far. The only thing I hope the devs add in terms of practicality would be a way to tweak some basic graphical/audio setting while in game, without having to exit to the menu. But yeah, buy this, it's worth $20, if not more."
76561198124073546,Recommended,645630,35099033,Posted: 20 September,all,James.50cal,Encountered a few bugs but nothing game breaking. Devs work hard to bring lots of updates.Game could do with more bodywork options and some performance parts.Good game especially when you buy your first car.As my review states the game is good but I have noticed as you increase the size of your garge the framerate falls quite a bit even with v sync off.
76561198273202258,Recommended,645630,35166398,Posted: 23 September,all,scottastic001,being a gamer and skilled vehicle tech i cant say enough about this game for the price. its not uber accurate but it is entertaining and addicting. good job
,Recommended,645630,35167532,Posted: 23 September,all,Master Wayle,They fixed most of the bugs that were at the launch. No game breaking bugs for me so far.
76561198394935462,Recommended,645630,35166162,Posted: 23 September,all,IDrift4U,Purchased day 1 and after many patches this game is amazing. Loads of different thing's to do to keep you busy for many hours to come. Really looking forward to what else they will do with the game. Don't listen to all the bad reviewer's. Game runs smooth and no found glitches after many hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,645630,34260525,Posted: 15 August,all,trygve2409,"Good foundation for a great game, but sadly not finished for release...Good Things:The graphics are goodThe gameplay is basically the same as the last game, but polishedMusic is coolBad things:Horribly optimised, framerate drops and small stutters.Driving mechanics are as bad as they were in the last game, feels like driving around an ice rinkSeveral bugs that can't be explained away by anything or anyoneThe achievements don't seem to work...As i said: the game is a good foundation for a great game, but it is no more than that...I have a mindset that says that i should review the game i have, NOT the game it can be.4/10 - Ztfv2"
,Recommended,645630,33860784,Posted: 28 July,all,MrTwxii,ohhh yassss its goooooddddd
76561198108601005,Recommended,645630,33864355,Posted: 28 July,all,[Wolfeins] EdgeLord,"This is a great game.It's a great game, I don't know why people are so twisted about it. Sure, it has it's issues, but that's the same with every game on launch day. And if you expect anything different, you're a moron.Dev's, don't get upset about the negetivity of the other users, keep doing what your doing.I know you won't let us down :)"
76561198235793546,Not Recommended,645630,33860713,Posted: 28 July,all,staffy82,So you now put a silver addition on after i got the game and dlc  which cost me more  which does work  and keep asking for  file privileges  when try to do ur patch up date   .  Seriously  where is  my refund on extra that i paid come on
76561198139162118,Recommended,645630,33869489,Posted: 28 July,all,zetaxi194,"First, yes this game has some bugs.  Alot of people are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥becuase it was delayed and has many bugs.  I'm sure with later updates these will get resolved.  My opinion on this is that I recomend buying it.  It will be improved and work just fine in the future and to be quite honest I don't know of anyone else developing a car mechanic simulator so there isn't a lot of choice.  Most of the negative comments that are being posted are not very constructive and therefore not helping anyone fix the problems.  I have a couple of bugs just from the first few minutes of playing that I would like to point out.  These are based on working on the classic green car on lift #1 when you start.First, when the engine is put on the engine stand, I am able to remove all the parts of the engine without removing the oil fill cap from the valve cover.  When you remove the oil fill plug it freezes the game and the only thing I can do is ctrl/alt/del to go to task manager and close the game.  The mouse is also frozen on my windows desktop until I do this.Second, the engine is mounted backwards and the engine stand is inside the engine block.  It doesn't affect the removal or replacement of parts except for the fact that you cannot see well because the engine stand is in the way."
76561198079103904,Not Recommended,645630,33868187,Posted: 28 July,all,Skyez 😈,Alot alot alot of bugs.
76561198029781422,Not Recommended,645630,34844482,Posted: 9 September,all,Davidleblanc20,"really wanted to love this game, the graphics look fantastic, the amount of parts you have to play with keeps you going for hours and all the extra features make jobs more interesting and fun, but the performance in this game is terrible, im getting aroung 60 FPS on medium with a system that overtakes the RECOMMENDED requirements unless you have a MEGA rig to run this simple gamemy rig specsi5-7400 8GB ramGTX 1050ti 4GB ramhigh and ultra both get 45 FPS MAX."
76561198076680348,Not Recommended,645630,33873201,Posted: 28 July,all,Sensible_Sandwich,"the game has got so many bugs at the moment, they should have pushed the release date back a few weeks or months even. I'd wait at least 2 weeks before buying the game. However on the bright side they have added new fetures since the last game and i would recommend buying it once the bugs making this game unplayable have been resolved :)"
,Not Recommended,645630,33918819,Posted: 30 July,all,Donald J Trump,"took me 58 minutes of gameplay to quit and get a refund...wow, what a game"
76561198149821425,Not Recommended,645630,33920833,Posted: 30 July,all,czarc810,how to make a buggy game that was released about 4 months early.. not recommned yet.. give it time to optimzie and improve I will be in contact with the devs.
76561198405798678,Not Recommended,645630,33924196,Posted: 31 July,all,t.norbruis,"The game starts good but after I start with new game it gets stuck. I have to reset my computer and when I want to start it again, It get's stuck again."
76561198351340767,Not Recommended,645630,33981956,Posted: 2 August,all,SIDAFEK,I hate to give this game a bad review but I'm going too... First off I played it for 4 hours straight the day I purchased and had a blast. I did notice a few bugs but nothing to keep me from playing. Then I save the game duh duh duhn... load it back up the next day and get a black screen everytime I do anything in the shop and I mean anything. I can't pop the  hood without the screen going black. I played every other game I have to see if it was an issue on my end and everything is fine. I really wanna like this game but I dont see how you could release a game in this state. It feels like an early access.
,Recommended,645630,34185352,Posted: 12 August,all,TweakzoR,finaly the game is playable. bought it when it was realeased and have been checking for updates daily. i miss the old way to controle the game.
76561197970246522,Recommended,645630,34204547,Posted: 12 August,all,vipergtsr01,"Yes this game had a rocky start, but I've never seen a bunch of developers work so hard to fix bugs post release.So in return this game is now very playable and enjoyable, with more to come day by day. I delayed reviewing to see how the issues were addressed and now I am comfortable to recommend CMS 2018. Great game at a good price."
76561198010902775,Recommended,645630,34204927,Posted: 12 August,all,Breaker Mike,"Loving every moment, Looking forward to the performance parts. Enjoy your break devs."
76561198003188514,Recommended,645630,34209881,Posted: 13 August,all,duckman,"When this game launched, it was a barn find.. Just like the cars in the barns, the game was broken, either didnt start at all or coughed into life, and needed a complete restoration in order to see daylight..To the developers credit, unlike many other developers on steam they didnt leave game a the junkyard to be crushed and sold for scrap, they towed it back to the repair shop, rolled up their sleeves, and have been working their asses off day and night to restore the game.So where is it now?To me the game is now more like a repair job that comes in to your shop for mechanical repairs than a barn find. On the outside, the body looks pretty good, maybe some banged up panels but nothing that cant be fixed..When you look under the hood, everything looks like it has been replaced, and works as it should, but instead of being replaced with perfect new parts, everything has been replaced with reconditioned parts.The car starts first turn of the key and will get you from A to B, but its more of a Katsumoto than an Echos Cobra.This game is like your first car in real life..  The heater might not work, it might have a coat hanger for an aerial, and it might be a bit banged up..  But for all its faults, you love that car more than any other you buy throughout life.That is what the game is to me.. Despite all its faults, it is still a damn fun game to play, and with each new patch the developers put out, it gets just that little bit better, and i am confident from what i have seen so far, before to long it will be that Echos Cobra experience we were all craving."
,Not Recommended,645630,33872105,Posted: 28 July,all,Nightangl,"Cant recommend this game in its current stateMany of you have alredy said it, but:Very unoptimized, very few option choices and still have many bugs.the most frustrating is the mouse lag and items that disappeared randomly after purchase. but this goes under optimizations and bugs again..basicly, feels like an unfinished game.I hope they'll fix this.."
76561198119389490,Not Recommended,645630,33881412,Posted: 29 July,all,bbob909,"Update :My Score : 1/10 ( I can't score higher on a game thats unplayable )Latest patched has made the game unplayable. This is so bad. Not a finished game in any shape. I got bored of wait for the game to get fixed. I turned steam on, noticed there was an update and now the game doesnt load.I have no desire to play this game anymore and won't be turning it back on anytime soon.Such a shame. The terible lunch of this game has killed it for me.Maybe the next patch will change things. But this review is based on my current play of the game.Please Note : My total play time is no where near what is being shown. Most of that is waiting and wishing for the game to work.Updated :Lowered my score, even after a load of patches the game still runs so badly.Most of the hours I cloacked up are down to just having to wait around for the game to catch up.My Score 2/10.Could be amazing, but needs to be fixed. Its not playable.The Game does not run, bugs everywhere, crashes alot.Not a final payable game by any means.Hopefully it gets fixed soon.But as its ment to be a final game I cannot recomend it.Wait, see if it gets fixed, then maybe I would recomend it.But right now, give it a miss.I shall give it a bit of time to see if it gets fixed, after that, and if not fixed I want my money back.Time will tell.Its a real shame."
76561198006907174,Not Recommended,645630,33889110,Posted: 29 July,all,Andor,"Coming from CMS 2015, I was really looking forward to playing this game.The new functions are awesome, graphics are nicer; theoretically this should be awesome.Sadly, the state of the game now is really, really poor. It ""feels"" like an early-access game.There is no key-mapping (try WASD on an AZERTY keyboard, you'll see why this is such a bad thing), there is no changing the mouse sensitivity (!), and apart from those small problems, it's buggy. Parts disappear from inventory, savegame doesn't load, can't mount part (""there are no parts available"" while having the right things in the inventory), the list goes on...Get CMS2015 while waiting for an update."
76561198125466411,Not Recommended,645630,33895757,Posted: 29 July,all,napalm,"I really did enjoy CMS 15 and I was really excited to hop in and try out the newest installment. Apart from the delays for localization which shouldn't have even happened in the first place I had no bad opinion on the game so far and I was very eager to see what was in store for CMS 18. After playing this game for a little bit I have noticed a few things which are at this stage making the game near unplayable for me and really have overall changed my opinion on this game.No coupon (Given to users who purchased CMS 14-15) for the Silver Edition. At the very least the game iteself should have been discounted with the coupon,As soon as the main menu loaded I noticed the mouse had mouse acceleration enabled. No big deal right? But there is no option to disable it, which makes using the mouse difficult and annoying.The settings menu is absolutely terrible. The only setting you are able to choose from is your language. Apart from video/audio settings.No FOV slider or any option to change the FOV. Every game should have an FOV slider.The new graphics are good but are causing optimization issues for many. There are no settings such as bloom, DOF, motion blur or really any type of advanced graphics settings for this game.The new action wheel feature is disappointing to say the least, controls in this regard have been changed and I don't understand why they couldn't have just kept them the same. 1 for Assemble, 2 for Disassemble, 3 for Examine and so forth. The system that has been in CMS 15 was fast and simple.This game has so much potential but unfortunately the developers have made some bad decisions which have upset myself and other customers. From delaying the game to releasing an unoptimized game with many, many critical issues and concerns brought up by paying customers with high expectations. Can this game get better? I really do hope so. But in the mean time I might just refund this purchase until the game actually does improve. I know and understand that the devs are working hard so solve some of the bugs but with the issues that I have listed I seriously doubt changes coming anytime soon. The closest thing I could compare this to is a console game in it's current state.Anyone really eager to get the game should purchase it and try it out. If they can deal with the bugs and annoyances that I have, then more power to them. I wouldn't recommend this game in it's current state, Please, wait a month or two at the least and wait for major changes to occur.May I remind viewers of this review that this is my opinion and my personal experience. I personally am dissatified with the game and to be honest, this game is a gigantic letdown."
76561198122683962,Not Recommended,645630,33895928,Posted: 29 July,all,TiG3rBa7m,After playing 2015 I had high hopes for this game. And let is falls way short. Doesnt run good on the pc reguardless of settings. To much of a grind to level up to unlock things you what to do like the auction and junkyard. I get you have to make a cash flow in a shop to have money. I do it in real life. But Even from the start we got to work on our own vehicles. The beginning tutorial is a pain and I dont believe it tells you how to finish it. I had to google it to figure it out. Terrible.
,Not Recommended,645630,33900412,Posted: 30 July,all,GAZEBOS,Lots of improvement needed to this. The game is great and all but there's a ♥♥♥♥ ton of little bugs that for me make the game not enjoyable to play. Few I've found so far.1. Radio doesn't work2. Annoying clothes moving sounds3. Welder doesn't want to work for me.4. Annoying system to get around. CMS15 let you change in and out of disassemble and assemble mode at ease. This makes it that little more annoying to do. And you need to change out of assemble mode to buy the parts thus making the process even worse.5. Zooming in. Heaven forbid you actually click instead of hold. And bam you're looking for little insects like David Attenborough.This isn't my final review. The game has just released so there is time to correct issues. Hopefully we see vast imporvements.
,Not Recommended,645630,33912860,Posted: 30 July,all,SadBagel,"The game is really glitchy, crashes a lot and honestly is really frusterating. I would wait till the game patches comes out"
76561198034647031,Not Recommended,645630,33917325,Posted: 30 July,all,Nick Macc,"This game has A LOT of potential but as you can see from my play time, I CANNOT deal with its POOR optimization, I have an I7 Intel 5930k, 32 Gbs DDR4 Ram, and a GTX 980ti so their should be no reason why I'm having poor fps, Game runs at 32 fps on ultra, 44 on med/high, and 55-60 on low.Until the Devs fix the optimization issues, I'm giving its game a bad review, i will be ready to update this review as soon as its problem free.(to the devs, thank you for addressing your mistakes, I will NOT return this game because I trust you will fix these issues.I hope you follow through with your statment and in making this game perfect)Best of luck guys."
,Not Recommended,645630,33919358,Posted: 30 July,all,Theeangryvegan,"I really wanted to recommend this, but after the first patch (to optimize, because it would hardly run on anything but Medium) it wont even load anymore... really disappointed by this one. Maybe in a few months when it's on a deeper sale I'd try again, but for now, I'd recommend avoiding this one."
,Recommended,645630,34174433,Posted: 11 August,all,The Grand Heretic,"love the game, it has its tiny little bugs but nothing real major and the devs are working around the clock to improve and add to the game both in stability and content."
,Recommended,645630,34192214,Posted: 12 August,all,Feoras,Really good game and the develops are eager to fix and expand the game with new features. Real dedication here!
76561198139909458,Recommended,645630,34208079,Posted: 13 August,all,[FF]Motocrossforlife,love the break down in parts really adds to the realisim but it still has these crummy arcade phisics and torque phisics that make the cars un barable to drive besides that the game is much improved but needs lots of work on driveing phisics and motor specs as well as motor sound
76561198081064949,Recommended,645630,33896598,Posted: 29 July,all,grod67,fix optimization and bugs for rims and tires and welder would be awsome
76561198397042417,Recommended,645630,33897245,Posted: 29 July,all,PickleRick,"Having problems with the game freezing when removing the oil filler cap, drain plug, and dip stick, unable to install new drain plug, oil filler cap and dip stick, and started the game with -38 skill points and had to spend all my money to reset them and no jobs ever come into my shop"
76561198008464373,Recommended,645630,33897291,Posted: 29 July,all,BuckLetsPlay,"I was a big fan of the previous Car Mechanic Simulator and am here to give my honest review of the game.Pros:The game is definetly an improvement over the previous game in terms that it gets more in depth with separating individual parts, and making it feel more like you are slowly expanding your buisness from a small garage.  The ability to go and bid on cars, find junk cars, parts, etc is amazing.Even more amazing is the more convinient way to assemble and disassemble parts.  Everything is quick and easy now.  Many new features make it so much easier to order and find new parts.Cons:Most people are complaining about this game because of the performance issues.  I have to agree, the publisher should have fixed these problems before release, but I am condifent that ithey will.  It is frustrating when the game glitches and crashes my computer (which it has done twice).  As for the lag everyone complains most about, I turn down my graphics low (it honestly changes nothing visually) and everything runs smoothly.  This is sad in terms that I have a super gaming computer, so clearly these optimizations need fixed.Like I said before, the creators are working and continue to update the game to fix these issues, so people really need to calm down on hammering this game because of the optimization.  Those fixes are soon to come.  Everything else about the game is an amazing improvement from the last game.  Its not like Farming Simulator where every other year they release a new game and the only difference is the map.  Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 is a whole new package!If you are worried about the optimization, just wait awhile and buy it later.  But for the price, I'd get my hands on it now.  They'll send out updates to fix it."
,Recommended,645630,33899183,Posted: 30 July,all,Major Jager,"Only bug I have run into is after a few hours of playing ill finish a car and hit finish order and it will freeze but i can press escape and get the menu to save and quit to main menu, so ill just do that every time it does it. other than that the game is amazing, I am loving it so far. Mouse acceleration isn't that bad (I know some people are acting like the mouse acceleration is game breaking). I have yet to notice any FPS problems either sooo yeah maybe people are just playing on toasters."
76561198085999288,Recommended,645630,33900122,Posted: 30 July,all,vJoeSwanson,"After playing for a few hours I  Really enjoyed this game its more in depth than the previous CMS15 with more great features. I have not encountered any black screen issues playing version 1.02. Its great being able to buy junk cars from the junkyard or exploring barns to find pieces for cars and cars themselves, being able to fix them up back to factory fresh.Loading times are much faster than the previous games, cars load faster. The game itself looks really good, just lacks the advanced options expected from a PC Game, the mouse can feel delayed but after playing for a while you kinda get used to it so no Biggy. I never got low framerate running on a 2GB GTX 770 @ 1080P The game for me used 5.5GB - 6GB of Ram so running on 8GB total may be a challenge for some people.Even with the current bugs the game is playable, just Recommend saving the game before you try some tools incase they dont work and you can't exit it and have to ALT+F4, Autosave would be nice to be added to save every 5 mins or so, then we wont loose tons of progress."
,Not Recommended,645630,33913327,Posted: 30 July,all,Gregor,"Lots of bugs (some models even lack hitboxes lol), really bad menu, and almost no graphical settings. It all would be acceptable if this game was in Alpha or something like that. I'm eally disappoined. I'd recommend sticking with CMS15 for now until this game is fixed."
,Recommended,645630,33913470,Posted: 30 July,all,gregmartin,"I am really enjoying this game. I think that they have made many improvements from the previous game. As for those that have had stability problems and bug issues: they are fixing those issues. Some may say that they should have been fixed already. But this isn't a big budget game, I didn't spend a lot of money on this. But when I run into an issue, I get out of the game and I find that there is already an update, and my problem is fixed when I go back in. I am happy to see them fixing the problems so quickly.What I like:graphicscar selectionhaving to use other tools like the tire balancermore things to do on the mapI really have only a couple of complaints. In cms 2015, I found I would jump back and fourth from my order to my tablet to buy parts a lot. I could only remember a few parts then have to go back to order others. I would like to see a way we can make like a shopping list to order parts. In this one I cannot go from the car order details to my tablet. I have to get out of the menu first then I can open my tablet. just those extra steps make it more difficult to remember what to order.I would also like to see a way we could tell right away if a part is fixable or not. That way I don't take off all the exhaust section and walk over to the repair table and find none of it can be fixed. Something like an * near the name in the inventory would be great.Overall I enjoy this game and can't wait to see what other DLC is coming out for it."
76561198143641686,Recommended,645630,33913650,Posted: 30 July,all,MartyrDoom616,"Its not amazing but its not complete crap. Yes, i have fps drops even with a i7 4790k and a msi gtx 1070. I haven't had any blackscreen or crash issues. The game just came out so problems are to be expected. I don't really agree with the game launching with 2 paid dlc's but you dont have to buy them. I would wait for a patch or two before buying if you haven't already."
76561198080851984,Recommended,645630,33913661,Posted: 30 July,all,ThisIsNick,"the game is a bit buggy but still great and fun to play and extremely acuratei was playing it and when i clicked to save my game it crashed and ive lost about 3 hours worth of gameplay, and it turned out none of my other saves worked aswell so ive got to start again at level once"
,Not Recommended,645630,33916567,Posted: 30 July,all,Enderbro77,"Too many bugs for a fully released game, feels more like a beta build than a release build. Crashes here and there. Still playable but annoying. The UI is very controller centric, but the game doesnt work with a controller. And it is really annoying to be playing on a keyboard. Fix the bugs and either redesign the UI or add controller support. (Update: controller support in the works? I can use the left jjoystick to walk, but thats about it)Glad the company is listening and issued an apology for all the dissapointment. They are working to right the wrong, so while I can't recommend it now, keep an eye on it, theres been two updates today fixing issues, and I'm glad the developers are working os hard to fix this."
76561198137968321,Not Recommended,645630,33925173,Posted: 31 July,all,Gerald,every time i put the engine on the rack and take a part off it my game will crash and there is parts missing from the store such as oil caps and dipsticks which is stopping me from completing my builds and also i have a car stuck in the dino room plz help
76561198063318948,Not Recommended,645630,33982098,Posted: 2 August,all,Mr.Skeletal,Current reviewNew gameEvery time the game crashes or you encounter a bug you take a drink!
,Not Recommended,645630,33988464,Posted: 3 August,all,Ninjahepe,"The game has seen numerous parches since day 1, but it is still an huge dissapointment. This could be a great game, but all the bugs, crap ui etc. make this game almost unplayable. And whats up with day 1 DLC:s? No interest in making the game playable but selling DLC:s on release?Taking the oil pan off, doesnt count as ""removing old oil"", but I still had to pay 100$ for cleaning? What about the achievement that I should have now? Bolts spinning in the wrong direction?Might come back to this after stuff has been fixed, or just wait for the 2019 installation of Car mechanic simulator..Cant recommend at this point, maybe its just because of this ""xx xx simulator 20xx"" thing?"
76561198322898873,Recommended,645630,34152518,Posted: 10 August,all,Tiva,"Super great game. 53 hours of play-time, with very few complains. Of course the ability to customize is super lacking. Having custom parts you can find, but can't buy would be sweet. I know they had them, now they seem to be gone (or at least in my game they are, and you also couldn't use them anyway). The game still needs a lot of work, but once the base-game bugs are fixed, it's going to be incredible. The Devs are working hard to fix all their mistakes, and to flesh out the game further, but they can't do it alone. They need feedback. Things are only going to get better. 8/10 as of right now."
76561198319555420,Not Recommended,645630,34179944,Posted: 11 August,all,Nehtiyalyr,"I written a nice review about how the game had a rocky start but the devs were patching...But apparently they still f$#%ing things over, I am at level 33 and working on restoring several cars to sell (and 2 to keep for the time being) but I don't know what happened and at least 3 cars simply vanished from my parking (that was not even full), this frustrating AF!The game appers to be so broken that can't be fixed without breaking something that was working, this should still be in Early Acess and not a full launch with DLC!Also, the game keeps a average of 45~50fps with a GTX1080 and drops a lot in scrapyard and parking lot, other thing that is not clear is the achievements, they are locked or just not avaible without creating another profile and start things over?Like the name, maybe would playable in 2018."
,Recommended,645630,34194537,Posted: 12 August,all,Dooj,"Found this game in a barn....  If it had been a car I would have been excited to see it, I had an older model and it was great! - it looked real good at first glance.  Getting closer I was disappointed to see it had no interior, dents in most of the panels and a fair few components missing...  Still, there was definately potential and the owner promised to make good.   Ah what the heck... <hands over cash>Few hours later I was wondering what had possessed me to buy it - there were definately a lot of parts missing, it started but didn't always run for very long, and it was becoming obvious that a LOT more work was needed than first appeared.Luckily the barn owner didn't just cut and run, and over the last couple of weeks has been working hard to source some of the essential parts as well as fixing a lot of the initial problems.There are still some major parts to find, and it has some remaining issues but more akin to clunks from the suspension and a bit of smoke from the exhaust rather than being the non-runner it first was.  I'm confident that the barn devs will see it through and finish something they can eventually be proud of - I'm enjoying tinkering with it in its current state and look forward to seeing it progress.Worth investing in as long as you are happy with current state of completion and the rate of progress."
,Recommended,645630,34199571,Posted: 12 August,all,Soronjoro,"I admit this game was very buggy at launch.  However, the developers have been working hard.  Sometimes a patch or two a day.  I will tell everyone that now the game is comparable in quality with the previous of the series and I totally recommend it to other players."
76561197997048487,Recommended,645630,34205186,Posted: 12 August,all,remery46,this game had a rocky start but the devolpers worked hard to get it playible i do recamend this gameto put the matters short this is a very sweet game worth every drop i paid for it
76561198040879146,Recommended,645630,34208302,Posted: 13 August,all,Marc,"I bought this game early on, but the amount of bugs, lack of mouse settings and the default HORRENDOUS mouse acceleration (which can't be turned off or changed) made me nauseous, finally leading me to refund the game.However in these 2 weeks the devs are actively & frequently updating the game, fixing a lot of bugs and adding back missing features.(I was waiting for them to add back in the mouse settings, and checked their update progress regularly, they are updating the game around once per 2 days in this period, with detailed patch list in the Steam forums.)The game in its current state is totally stable & playable (in my experience), and the mouse settings which are way too fast and floaty in default can now be changed to my liking. The game does not literally make me sick and now I can fully recommend this game to others."
76561198001736741,Recommended,645630,34242779,Posted: 14 August,all,[FU]eow129,After a very rocky launch the devs really came togerther and delivered a great game.
76561198007473792,Recommended,645630,33916705,Posted: 30 July,all,Jumpnjak,"I recomend this game far more than the older versions, if your into this type of game. this runs very smooth on my system from the start, no fatal crashing. most problems have been my own mistakes, tires, yea.... well thats a memory now, and one of those small details that gets overlooked but fixed asap.I have been streaming this game while playing it with no preformance problems.I purchased both dlc's. why? yea 2 cars... more cars.... more to do.. eye candy.... 2 fiddy a car to make it rain on some devs, about the same price of a good beer, lasts longerits got a beat, you can dance to it, I'l give it a 90♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,645630,33917282,Posted: 30 July,all,BREAD,To many bugs. Plz fix this @RedDotGames.1. I can't put my double shock obsorber thing is not reconized in my inventory2. the tires are screwed up and they don't fit on correctly the outer tire is off of the rim.And a hand full of more but that was what made me want to make a review and i wish i could like this game but it's so bad at it's current form.
76561198379566700,Not Recommended,645630,33918840,Posted: 30 July,all,Btech1,i go in to the game and all i get is a black sreen well worth the 34 aud
76561197975744062,Not Recommended,645630,33929679,Posted: 31 July,all,stuguy909,"Huge fan of CMS, and I was anxious for this new version.  I will start with what everyone was gripping about, being that everyone has complained about bugs and optimization.I loved CMS 2015.  Naturally, I thought more interaction and cars would be more fun.  This is true.  There are certainly more features and more cars.  The engine is about the same, however.  The textures are a tad improved, but overall, the models are the same, and the only real addition, parts wise, are modifiable interiors (wheel and seats), windows, and tire changes (complete with sizes and wheel balancing).  There is an engine hoist and stand, and it is now working somewhat properly, though engine placement on the stand is still a tad wonky, but is slowly getting fixed (used to be backwards and clipped through the stand).A lot of the bugs that people complained about during release have been fixed.  At the time of this writing, there are still a few quirks, like the inventory UI becomming slow if you have a lot of items in the warehouse, and some of the car parts still do not register with the car correctly, like interiors for certain cars.  However, these are reported and have been getting fixed.Mod support has been added, though I haven't played around too much with the new cars and custom parts that people are making.  So if you find yourself kicking the tires on this game, or are waiting for more content / bug fixes, just take a look over at the patch notes, the forums, then the workshop and see if that content will change your mind.  That aside, the game runs way better than it did at launch.  In fact, launch felt like a beta test, now the game more or less seems complete with just a few more tweaks and additions to really make it shine.So now I want to say why I like CMS, even this game, followed by why my review still will not recommend it to friends.The graphics are about the same as the old CMS, but there are more scenes, more cars, a tad more things to do, like racing.  So you now have a purpose to the game other than mindlessly fixing the same cars over and over and looking at them in your parking garage.  You can actually drive them at the track now, although the same course over and over gets a tad boring.  You also don't race AI or other players, you just drive, so it can get boring.  Still, CMS was about learning how the various parts of the car bolt up together and can teach you, in theory, how the car works and how one goes about working on a real car.  This game, to me, is more of a fun teaching tool than anything.So that's why I don't recommend this game to friends, it isn't so much as a game with story, goals, and feats to achieve, but rather, a learning aid.  It's a great learning aid, and fun if you love working on cars or think you like working on cars.  However, after you play through the game and work on the same cars over and over, this game feels more like a mundane job than anything.So if you decided to walk away because of the bugs, well, I suggest looking at it again, it's more or less running fine now.  If you love working on cars and are looking at this game, it's certainly a cool game for a time.  If you want to learn about cars, this game will certainly give you a general idea how everything comes together.  If you just want to put together old muscle cars and not spend thousands of dollars in real life, then this game is a good alternative.  However, if you wanted to race, or do anything other than take off and put on the same parts over and over, then I recommend playing some other racing simulator, as this game is better suited for learning.So in summary, it's more or less fixed now, more content is being added, graphics and sound are decent for 2017, it has mod support, and it's a great learning tool.  However, the other features in the game or just so so, and don't really immerse the player in anything other than his garage."
,Not Recommended,645630,33933014,Posted: 31 July,all,Nigerian Ambassador,"First of all, the game advertises so many features, but in reality, the game is 90% broken. You can make an infinite amount of money by just playing the toutorial and selling the cars.I played 2015 for free, I will probably play this one if i can get it for free.On a brighter side, refund button works!"
76561198286290024,Not Recommended,645630,34003551,Posted: 3 August,all,teejay3991,game was running fine for me yesterday now youve updated it cant play for more than 5 minutes thanks
76561198081794987,Not Recommended,645630,34049379,Posted: 5 August,all,ycy.yk,Too much bugs.. I was teying take a story order and the whole screen blackout
76561198032236451,Recommended,645630,34153396,Posted: 10 August,all,l-Squirr3l-l,"Great game, got a lot bug at the moment, but the Devs are HARD at work releasing patches/fixes/missing parts every single day since it's release."
76561198053346754,Recommended,645630,34181676,Posted: 11 August,all,LuckyLeonXD,First off let me preface this review with 1 bit of info. I have the specs that are at least above the recommended. This can truly make or break the experience for games that are new and are being patched and fixed. I have had 0 issues with the game so far. I picked it up after the 1.0.5 patch and have enjoyed every minute of the game so far. There have been updates and patches to the game on almost what seems like a daily basis. I have worked my way up to restoring barn finds and digging throught the junkyard for dead cars. It is fun and as they add the features that they were promising it just keeps getting better. I really do recommend this game. I have never paid this little for a game that is this fun before!!!
,Recommended,645630,34198197,Posted: 12 August,all,Pwnisher,"Car Mechanic Simulator is a amazing game with a lot of flaws.Outside of this, if you have the patience, I say pick up the game if you're considering itA lot of the bugs that were prominent at launch are fixed or almost fixed and I think it's great that the devs work so hard to make the game what they wanted it to be and not leaving it bug ridden as a mere cash grab, but as a game they want people to enjoy"
76561198005728230,Recommended,645630,34203973,Posted: 12 August,all,Ardias,"This game started as barely playable, but the devs have been very dedicated to it and have made a lot of great progress. Great game and keep up the excellent work!"
,Recommended,645630,34204172,Posted: 12 August,all,Cyper,"Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 received a LOT of negative reviews off the bat, due to the initial release of the game. It was unpolished, missing many features, buggy as all hell and very unoptomised. A lot of people came across game breaking bugs or couldn't even run the game, hence the very mixed reviews.But Red Dot Games, made a pretty sincere and genuine apology and stuck to what they said they would do. Fix it as quickly as possible and keep working on it till it's perfect and it's something they're proud of.This released on the 29th of July, and since then, they have released 20 patches.In about half a month, they have fixed all the bugs that I came across and much more, fixed and added missing parts, fixed a lot of the machines, added extra content, additional missing settings, and optomised the game. There is still a lot of work to do. But the game is actually playable now on ultra settings and there are no game breaking bugs that I have come across since.Kudos to them for working their♥♥♥♥♥off and fixing up the game so quick. So for people who are worried about the mixed reviews, I would say not to worry. The game has been largely patched since then and isn't the mess it was at release. If you like the original simulators, you will definitely like this one. Give it a try.And an awesome job to Red Dot for being so open about the issues and genuinely caring about the community and the game, and going out of their way to fix up the game.----------BUT, as an additional note. I would love to see them fix up the interface and the way you interact ingame. Some of the menus you have to go through are slow and tedious, much more so then its predecessors. Doing some of the task can take much longer then necessary. As of now, that is really my only complaint."
,Recommended,645630,34204791,Posted: 12 August,all,le Black Swordsman,"I already have a few hours into this game, have seen a lot of what it has offer and have watched the behaviour of the devs post release so I feel sure about giving my review now.PROS:-Better Graphics than the past game, even in lowest settings the game can be enjoyed-Good selection of cars, lots of engine formats: I3, I4, V6, I6, V8 and W12, some with AWD, RWD and FWD variations, giving the shop orders lots of flavors-Great game for relaxing in the way EuroTruck Sim does, you don't even have to know about cars since the game helps you a lot-Pretty realistic for a video game, the only parts where it sacrifices realism is for the sake of fun-The game does have some bugs but it's getting updated about at one update every 2 days, some even adding content-The devs asides from screwing up with release have done all recent updates listening to the fansCONS-buggy but that might change in a while since the devs are hard at work-Will probably get tons of DLC like the past game (Not all are necesary for enjoying the game, most are extra content like branded cars)8.0/10.0"
76561197992298515,Recommended,645630,34205714,Posted: 12 August,all,bloodstalker999,"I am new to the Car Mechanic series, but I can tell you I will definitely be watching for updates and playing future releases, this game is awesome.  There isn't any other games out there that I know of like this one which provides an experience similar to this.  Take customer orders, bring their cars into your shop because they are complaining of a strange noise in the engine, bad steering, rough braking or replace specifically requested parts. Diagnose, remove, repair/replace and profit (well hopefully).Car mechanic simulator provides the perfect balance between the challenge of working on vehicles, but with out all the skinned knuckles, broken bolts, lack of specific specialty tools, or constantly looking up how many foot pounds of torque required to tighten down bolts.  Yet the game still captured some level of frustration in working on vehicles.  For example, I took an order for a customer that was complaining about a strange noise in the engine bay, among various other problems.  I replaced a ton of parts that required me to basically take apart the entire front suspension on one side of the car, and about half of the other side. I couldn't figure out the last item on the list that need replacement I ended up tearing the entire head off the car, started on the bottom end when I realized it was the wheel bearing, I forgot one little part.  I was so angry, and relieved that I could finally found the issue.  After this I realized why I like the game so much, car mechanic simulator really gives you an immersible experience that made me feel like I was working on a car.  I can't tell you how many times I have worked on one of my own vehicles in RL and felt the very same way I did in the situation explained above.  I felt accomplished, and ready to accept the next job with the confidence of knowing I wont have that problem again.  If I could just do a few more jobs I could afford to start looking for a sweet old car to restore from the junkyard.The game is definitely entertaining if you enjoy working on cars, or you like taking things apart and fixing them I recommend giving this game a shot."
76561198050365024,Recommended,645630,34208143,Posted: 13 August,all,krissuyx,"In all of my 14 hours of playing, I haven't encountered a single bug, glitch or framerate issue. Which means either that I'm very lucky, everyone else is very unlucky or that they've fixed most of what people were complaining about(so you can stop complaining now).Either way, I'm very happy with my purchase. The game delivered what it promised."
,Recommended,645630,33880625,Posted: 29 July,all,Volkswagenman3,Best Car Game EVER!!!!!! Just look past the first week bugs. They will all be sorted out soon. :))))))
,Recommended,645630,33893934,Posted: 29 July,all,roguedriver,"I loved CMS 15, and after a couple of days, CMS 2018 seems like a very good sequel. It implements ideas that began in 15, the variety of cars is better, and I really like the additional tools that make things a little more complicated.Yes, it has some minor issues on an i7 with a decent graphics card, and they shouldn't be there in a final release game. I've had one crash that wiped out some progress, and one of the missions required me to restart the game to finish it. However, if we learned anything from CMS 15, it's that the developer is trustworthy and spent the last 3 years adding content to that game where most developers would have walked away to concentrate on the next one. The developers are active in the forums and open with the community, so while I'm annoyed with the bugs, I'm confident they'll be fixed quickly.Overall, this feels like a more polished, more researched version of CMS 15 with (presumably) even more to come. It's a great way to kill an entire night when you should be working."
76561198029553224,Not Recommended,645630,33894533,Posted: 29 July,all,Spicer,this needs to have aplha status writtin somewere its unplayble they updated it the next day but theres items missing that make you not able to finsh stuff. wait a very very long time before getting this
76561197982160236,Recommended,645630,33898219,Posted: 29 July,all,lord nuker,"Yes, there is a lot of bugs in the games right now (version 1.02) but the devs is working hard, and since launch they have published 3 patches to fix problems. If you buy the game today you should look at yourself as a QA tester, but if you want a game that is bugs free you should wait a couple of weeks before buyimg.But problems aside, the game is a great upgrade from CMS15 with alot of new tools, much better graphics, a new and better level system, more ways to find and buy cars, new mouse menu system, and a large selection of cars :D"
,Not Recommended,645630,33901545,Posted: 30 July,all,Scarecrow1234,"It wont even start, it has serious issues that need to be addressed before i give it a go again"
76561198084065795,Not Recommended,645630,34132757,Posted: 9 August,all,YOBİDAV,Please fix this missing part bug. My parts just disappear in my stash please fix
,Recommended,645630,34173158,Posted: 11 August,all,Luka Ray,"This game is really fun ! It's a really great car simulation game, the devs are working real hard fixing bugs, although I didn't find any bugs as of now. The game may have had a rocky start, but it's really fun, relaxing, and very educational. It is one of my all time favorite simulation games, and the graphics are really good ! You also have story mode missions, normal tasks, you can buy cars in an auction, you can also find cars and parts in a lot of different conditions in barns and the junkyard, and buy them, you can even test cars on the test track ! I recommend this game, because it's a lot of fun, and a good time killer !"
,Not Recommended,645630,34197250,Posted: 12 August,all,Hoxto,Tutorial explains next to nothing and the only things that it does is gives a random vague explanation on different partsOptions menu is lack luster with about 4 options for video settings (yes even in 2017) i couldn't turn off film grain which annoyed me but the fact remains that the game literally drops you into your garage with very little in its way of telling you what does what how to go where etc2/10would only recommend on sale for low pricetl;dr game gives very little in way of tutorial and the only ones it gives you are random popups you have no way of telling where they will appear
,Recommended,645630,34197963,Posted: 12 August,all,djkillz,Yes they did release this game a little early and had its issues. But everyday there is an update that make the game perform better and fixes alot of issues. The game has come along way since it released a couple weeks ago. I recommend the game and I am sure its only going to get alot better as time goes on.
,Recommended,645630,34207491,Posted: 12 August,all,GGuuBB,This game is a very fun a cool game. if you want a realistic game about restoring cars this is it. There were some bugs from the start but the team have been working and releasing patches everyday. They are actually a developer that tries hard unlike other games here on steam. Can it be improved? of course but it doesnt make it a bad game. I think this game is worth the asking price for what you get in game. It looks good and has hours of fun.
,Recommended,645630,34241550,Posted: 14 August,all,» Å.Ð.¡.Ð.Å.$. « GΞЯмλn X,"Still some fixes and features needed as Devs are on it. Fixes come very fast, but i haven´t run in any bugs so far."
76561198295909970,Recommended,645630,34243373,Posted: 14 August,all,Tazadof,"Great Game, especially if you like working on cars, the graphics are first class (and seem to be pushing the limits of my GTX 980),  But playing 6-10 hours every day non stop will heat up any graphics card.After 2 weeks, it still has a few issues, but as of 1.2.0 is definitely playable.  Having spent over 60hrs playing now I’m sure I’ll be spending a few hundred more.  It’s easy to play for any age as long as you can read and follow some simple guides, a fun game to play, would be great with a Co-Op option.Hopefully they’ll add some extra content like•	Personal Showrooms (and ability to view other players showrooms)•	More Cars•	Body Kits•	Torque Wrench•	More Fluids•	Custom Interiors•	Sound Systems (Amps etc)"
,Not Recommended,645630,33880698,Posted: 29 July,all,Kimbo JR,omg i'd really like to go for thumbs up when it comes to Cms but i can't with this optimisation..
76561197991349015,Not Recommended,645630,33888299,Posted: 29 July,all,SuperStubbs,"I loved CMS 2015 and was really looking forward to CMS 2018. However, I just can't reccomend this game in it's current state. It feels like an early access game to be honest. I think given some more time/patches, the game will be fine. But it's very buggy and the graphics chug along due to the lack of optimization. (I have dual 970's running in SLI mode and get some major framerate slowdowns on High settings)My other real complaint about the game is the UI is AWFUL for a PC game. I knew it would be different than CMS 2015, but navigating the UI takes a lot longer and is downright cumbersome at times. The UI was clearly designed for consoles, but it doesn't translate well AT ALL to PC.Hopefully with some time, they will address the bugs and (fingers crossed) improve the UI, Until the bugs are fixed and the game is optimized, I'd stay away."
76561197989685216,Recommended,645630,33894854,Posted: 29 July,all,Blackcobalt,"Its a really good game to spend time playing.  When breaking down a customers car you do whats on the list and replace those parts only to find otrher damaged parts under 50% that are notr on the list to repair. By law a car can not leave the garage if bad parts are not all replaced on the list or not.Once the bugs are hammered out the game will take alot of your time,1- Loading a game from the tool box doesn't load right.2- You do not get paid all the time random3- when clicking finish to get paid your game freezes4- when you move your car from one place to another the game freezes when loading5- Buying a barn car and trying to repair it at your shop doesn't always work. Taking a tire off doesnt always allow me to put it back on6- Buying a barn car doesn't always subtract the money from your account"
76561198008133148,Recommended,645630,33902169,Posted: 30 July,all,DidibeastOne,Nice game has it flaws but they are working on themBest of the series for me
,Not Recommended,645630,33908933,Posted: 30 July,all,Stefan,This is a product NOT ready for market!I bought this game. Love the entire series but this installment isnt ready for market!There are bugs all over the place. Would have been able to understand if it was an EARLY release. But it isn'tThis game may eventually be something playable.But i would not recomend spending your money on it.
,Not Recommended,645630,33909864,Posted: 30 July,all,nosrettO,"Typical pc port from console. Mouse acceleration, poor optimisation and horrible UI that just doesn't work for PC. Don't bother with this game untill they dramatically improve everything about it."
,Recommended,645630,33913075,Posted: 30 July,all,Carnifexje [NL],"The tutorial is broken, to get around that just do a test drive with one of the available cars. After which the ""real"" game begins which has no noticable lag and so far some minor graphical bugs which have workarounds or just a quick save/load will fix.I have not encountered anything game breaking or crashing so far.There are many more features than there were in the previous installments and honestly I like this game a lot!It's good solid fun."
,Not Recommended,645630,33918889,Posted: 30 July,all,Hollowsong,"I've played all the previous CMS games... Not really sure what to do here.When I load the game, I have 2 cars in the garage. There's no info on what to do with them or how to repair. So I sold both of them and clicked around until I accidentally got sent to the parking garage.I went back into my normal garage, and 2 new cars were there. So I sold them too. That's odd.Whenever I go to the phone, it says no more jobs to offer.Is this a finished game yet? Or just a tech demo?"
,Not Recommended,645630,33920465,Posted: 30 July,all,Mr Pops Alot,"my totaly not biased reviewprosvery funadictinglooks beautifulconsbarn finds are way too expensivekinda gets repetitiveand most importantly...bugs, bugs everywherethere was one that forced me to reinstal the entire game cause it corrupted the vehicle data"
76561198061843905,Not Recommended,645630,34050786,Posted: 5 August,all,CrazyDutchmen25,I dont write reviews often but when i do its to save you from a game that is currently broken.  I would wait till its fixed.  I will be playing 2015 until further updates are applied to this game.  So much potential.
,Recommended,645630,34175408,Posted: 11 August,all,Ryden-55,"Cant believe this has only mixed reviews. Having tested on two gaming rigs, the performance is fine, and the game is actually quite fun! I wanted a break from My Summer Car, and this is a breath of fresh air.If you like dismantling and putting cars together, this is a great game. Not too in depth that you have to splice wires together, but in depth enough that you have to know your way around an engine to get the job done efficiently, this is a game whose developers are working very hard to improve it for its audience.I applaud the developers for their reaction to the negative feedback and criticisms upon launch, and wish them the best of success with the game!"
76561198070616476,Not Recommended,645630,33991387,Posted: 3 August,all,projectilev0mit,"The only thing more broken than the cars you work on is the game itself. The fact the developer would release a game in this state is ridiculous.  I've seen pre-alpha games with less bugs. The fact that this was released as the ""completed"" game tells me they either didn't bother testing anything or knew about the problems and released it anyway."
76561198159105660,Not Recommended,645630,34079135,Posted: 7 August,all,Kurizawa,black screen as always. i should refund this game as soon as possible
,Recommended,645630,33864411,Posted: 28 July,all,Retaliations,"Everyone is giving the awesome game a bad review because it just came out. You guys have to let them have some time to work out certain bugs that were not noticed before release. The game is great. Very nice attention to detail, and some of the best graphics I have ever seen in any game!"
,Recommended,645630,33866663,Posted: 28 July,all,Mr. Mechanick,"It's not that bad as they say.. I play it at low (#reallybottleneck) with an RX 460 at 40-(sometimes even) 60, and I don't have a problem with that. Optimization is an isue (but hey its a new game), as well as collisions. Still a solid 7/10 :vI was qutie butthurt a few minutes ago, but I like it :v"
76561198091083816,Recommended,645630,33869938,Posted: 28 July,all,Fox,"Ok. so i've played the game for a first few minutes.The game itself starts and runs fine on my Compy at Medium settings, albeit a bit of a frame drop ingame. But that's completely understandable for a game that's just released.Pc specs:i7-6700k16gb DDR4 RAMGTX 1050tiI truly do love the vast, extra features in this year's CMS game. From 2015 to 2018, it truly is a heavy improvement over CMS '15. I am a bit of a car nerd myself, so this game has definitely gripped my heart.Guys need to stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing about poor optimization like little milk - depraved♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game JUST CAME OUT, it's obviously going to have major problems like loading delays and frame rate drops.Have faith in Red Dot and PlayWay that they're doing their best to fix these problems. This is a message to all the trolling ♥♥♥♥♥ who love to put down negative reviews...Accept the fact that the game is in its early stages and is being worked on, or go crawl back to your ******* rabbit holes.I totally recommend this game. For doing a most remarkable job, these developers deserve a whole 5 hearts from me.<3 <3 <3 <3 <3"
,Recommended,645630,33870113,Posted: 28 July,all,[ST-B] ZoDDeXX,"Well, for those of you who have issues with the game, i'm verry sorry, hope it gets fixed verry soonbut for me:Have a GTX 1080 that has no problems what so ever running on ultra at 60fpsabout the game:-First hour its getting used to the new controle as it's all a pie menu now (can't say just yet if its better or worse)-Graphics..............well...............just AWESOME-More detailed parts, and the way they work and fit in the car-some new tools to play around withDown sides:-If you played CMS15 a lot, you'll be opeing the pie menu every 10 secs in the beginning-the game options, well,  i'm from belgium you see, and we use AZERTY keyboard, but you can't change the keyboard layout nor the keybindings (hopefully it gets fixed soon)-there are some minor bugs (like the car milage magicly changes to 180.000 for no reason, if you didn't assemble all the parts you took out and try to complete the order its says 'the car is incomplete, there is {0} missing from the car"") but like i said, minor bugs,but other then that, it's an awesoem game (if you can run it)if you think about buying it, i'd say if you don't have a good gaming pc, wait a lil till it get's optimazed, but if you do, enjoy the game ;)"
,Not Recommended,645630,33891773,Posted: 29 July,all,Wilco Chico,"First of all, I owned all Car Mechanic 2014 and 2015, I love this game.BUT, this is not a finished game. This should be an Alpha release. I had to start over 2 times because it crashed before I even had the time to save.Why I hate this game :Movement and UI doesn't feel natural.Game freezes constantly.Game crashes frequently.No autosave.It is unplayable and broken, and you will lose a lot of progress playing it.Why I love this game :Great new features such as tire/wheel installation and balancing, detailing and etc.It is nice to tune and tweak cars.It is very cool to buy rusted broken down cars and turn them into flawless performance collection cars.Game looks great. Graphics are really nice.Nice to be able to 'loot' places and find used parts.If the game was actually stable and playable, the thumb would be pointing in another direction."
76561198044952928,Not Recommended,645630,33894997,Posted: 29 July,all,ToxicBobo,"Don't buy yet! Wait until it get's stable, and then I'd recommend this game. (EARLY ACCESS IS STUPID!...yet I fall for it every time)Twice I lost my progress and had to start over.First time, the brake and suspention tester stopped working. Only exit was alt+f4 and there is NO autosave in the game. Come on. It's 2017 for god's sake. When I restarted the game, only hours later it got patched. Good job. However it seemed to cause other bugs.I bought a barn find (Cobra lookalike) for 45k credits. Brought it to the parking lot because my garage was full. Went to garage to clean up. When that was done and I sent the ""cobra"" to garage, nothing arrived at garage and it sure did disappear from the parking lot.Back to square one after hours of changing brake pads. Seriously. This grind. Frustrating AF!Okay if it was rewarding. Like the possibility to not have vanishing cars.TLDR: This game is full of glitches. Expected with Early Access. I advise to wait."
,Not Recommended,645630,33917740,Posted: 30 July,all,SwiftySwoo,no camaro instant refund
,Not Recommended,645630,33917894,Posted: 30 July,all,grispy,"I've tried playing for about an hour now which included 3 game restarts. Keep getting a ""No parts to work with"" even though I literally just bought the CORRECT part (yes, I know, different types of filters, etc.). Had one instance where the game just froze completely, The pie chart system with no hotkeys just completely stalls the game. 1/10 would not buy again."
,Not Recommended,645630,33955716,Posted: 1 August,all,ALTAF_M,"worst release for 2017 and thats for sure, game is basically unplayable, you cannot progress without the game just completing freezing and blacking out at that point. yes the price is low but that doesnt give the devs a reason to release a completely buggy game. being a huge fan of the series this is a huge dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,645630,33976469,Posted: 2 August,all,VariableEntity,"Updated:TLDR; Don't buy the game yet, it's still riddled with bugs, and if you do plan on buying my suggestion would be to wait for it to go on sale.Here we are, almost two weeks after release, 18 patches fixing more than 200 bugs later.Now, for a dev to release that many patches in so little time is impressive, and shows that they really want to fix the game.And sadly, even after all those patches there's still a slew of bugs waiting to be fixed.Aside from the bugs, there's also missing features in the game, which is now being claimed were never intended for the base release of the game. I'm especially  looking at you Dyno, sitting pretty on the ingame skilltree as an unlock.What's not impressive is how the publisher and developer could even think that a game with that many bugs were ready for release. And what's also alarming is how they're treating their customers, banning people from the Steam discussions and their Facebook page for asking why advertised features are not in the game.Here's to hoping that at some point the game will be in the state it was supposed to be in at release, but even now, on principle, I will not change my review to a positive one yet."
,Not Recommended,645630,33977227,Posted: 2 August,all,EcLiPsE_,"lost 3 hours worth of prgress to a broken loading screen and now refuse to play, ♥♥♥♥ this game"
76561198088677615,Not Recommended,645630,34112771,Posted: 8 August,all,Carl Wheezer | csgokingdom,"avoid for now, completely broken.  maybe it'd be fun if the game worked"
76561198055973056,Recommended,645630,34253335,Posted: 15 August,all,xxFaZeGaMeR900,love this game alot keep up the good work cant wait for the console release it will be worth everything thumps up for u guys would like to see maybe a way to have it where we can go to the parking lot and buy extra parking spots also where we can unlock more stuff in the toll box and more tires and more rims etc other than that this game is awesome
76561198205789520,Recommended,645630,34274273,Posted: 16 August,all,Põrgakem Putsi,"After most of the bugs have been fixed, game works nicely and they promise to keep actively improving the game. Good game!"
,Recommended,645630,33867345,Posted: 28 July,all,morph,"Played nearly 4 hours worth, encountered a couple of bugs but I'm sure they will get fixed as there have already been a couple of patches. Really enjoying the game and the new mechanics and changes.I have a pretty beefy PC 1080gtx and an i7 so I haven't noticed the performance issues other people have complained about, walking feels a tad sluggish but there is an upgrade path for walking speed so that might help.A solid 7/10 from me and with bug fixes and some more polish it will be higher! For the price it's well worth it."
76561198108459689,Recommended,645630,33868371,Posted: 28 July,all,HBuckler4,"This game is absolutly awesome, i love the graphics and the physics, (even though it runs at low frame rate) the game just came out today, and i have played CMS 14 and CMS 15, those games were both phenomenal. I dont like it when people dis the game and say not to get it on the first d*mn day it comes out. They need to improve on some glitches but in the most part this game is absolutely beautiful. :)"
76561198107666033,Recommended,645630,33870779,Posted: 28 July,all,Clubdemonlord II,Some annoying things have happened to me like buy 2 of one thing and use one but the other one disappears also have had used new  parts and they lost all condistion on intsall and 1 crash so far. Otherwise im enjoyin myself and iwould recommend to anyone who likes building cars
,Recommended,645630,33871027,Posted: 28 July,all,Army4life99,"I'm not one to leave many reviews but I decided to leave a short one here. I think this is a good game with great potential. Yes, the devs missed some things at launch and yet are doing everything possible to correct those mistakes as fast as possible. I think there are some who have given negative reviews that have forgotten that they are just human. Give them a chance and I think we will all love the end result."
,Not Recommended,645630,33902680,Posted: 30 July,all,|₪₪  -MeneerPinguin- ₪₪|,"Game freezes after I disassembled the last piece of an engine... Didn't have any save data so had to start again, and it happened again.The game is really full of bugs, hopefully it'll get fixed soon."
,Not Recommended,645630,33942908,Posted: 31 July,all,Cr.Peregrine,"i was REALLY excited about this game, couldnt wait to play it for the first time.so much new stuff from '15! awesome!...until i played it....sadly this game is still riddled with bugs and other new release type glitches. slow performance on an 'average' pc, no settings for mouse sensitivity, gone is the F1-F8 quick switch ability. now in its place is a hold right mouse to pull up a pie wheel.for now im going to request a refund. wait a few months and come back to -hopefully- a game i will enjoy as much as the last installment."
,Not Recommended,645630,33976401,Posted: 2 August,all,BaseFace,"Very bad! On high graphic settings I got very poor FPS, game keep lagging/crashing. Many failures ingame to.. No they should have tested the game ALOT more before they released it, to bad I have played for 3 hours now, cant refund..."
76561198050163246,Not Recommended,645630,33980029,Posted: 2 August,all,Rawsteel,"This game was launched with a million bugs and gameplay elements missing. I am sure the devs will fix it over time ( there has been a lot of patches lately ) but let's face it, right now in this state the game is barely playable. There are no excuses for this behavior, the devs could have delayed it, but instead they decided to take a massive dump on their fanbase, and use us like alpha testers.But yeah, since the devs like to use us like testershere is a short list of bugs, some gamebreaking found after a week of playing :- Random crashes when loading the game- Random crashes when mounting parts back on cars ( bushings,radiator fans etc) often resulting in game not beingsaved, ( can be really annoying if you have a long to do list and spent half an hour putting new parts in place )- wheels often duplicating when mounted on the tiremachine.- Bolts entering the wrong way on wheels ( when this happens the game will crash right after )- Engines mounted the wrong way on engine stands- Graphical bugs and glitches when testdriving cars- Parts missing from the game- parts getting deleted from inventory ( rare but happens )"
76561198348222361,Recommended,645630,34671592,Posted: 1 September,all,Broken Ass Rx7,yes
76561198067251722,Recommended,645630,34708407,Posted: 3 September,all,Lucence,"Yes, it was a bit of a premature release and does turn into a bit of a grind... But, for what this game offers, there is nothing comes close and you're getting your MONIES WORTH. The developers are working hard to continue improving this game and it shows. It's going to be a hell of a game that is only 20$ especially once they get the workshop fleshed out. Take my money."
,Recommended,645630,34721357,Posted: 3 September,all,Viper_Z,"This is the most relaxing game i have ever owned! When i sit down to play it, suddently 4 hours have passed!There is still some bugs in the game, but it is way smoother than it was at launch :DI have never been into cars, but i love this game nonetheless! It is great at easing you into how stuff is done!So if you need a great and relaxing game, this game could easily be the game for you!"
,Recommended,645630,33866861,Posted: 28 July,all,xAxTragicxEndx,"The Good, The Bad and The Ugly...The GoodThe good news is that this game does look stunning in terms of graphics. The visuals of the vehicles being displayed at 4k (even at 1440 and 1080) was gorgeous. I can't complain too much about the fps. I was pushing about 30 fps in 4k and at least 60 fps the entire time while gaming on 1440 ultra settings. The new features of the game seem to be really interesting. I like the idea of the tire balance and change station, interior upgrades and the new auction/barn find system. The new control system feels ok at best though.The BadI was playing it at 4k and it looked fantastic but I did notice some issues with my mouse at 4k. My mouse was ungodly slow. Reverting back to 2560x1440 fixed the issues. Now i mentioned my fps test earlier. The 30 fps at 4k is borderline playable but i wouldn't recommend it. 1440 and 1080 were fine. With that said, the optimization in this game is terrible. Those numbers are being provided by 2 Asus GTX 1080 Strix OC editions in SLI clocked at 2.1 ghz. I normally game in 4k with 60+ fps. This game should not be dragging my frames lower then most triple A titles at 4k Ultra. I mentioned the new features but I can't say anything too good about them as I haven't made it that far yet due to some issues with the game. As for the controls, I like using the RMB to open up the pie chart but I miss the old keystrokes. I feel like both should be here. Let me click O to open the repair orders. Why was that an issue that needed to be taken out. It was a simple think but i already do enough with my mouse. My keyboard needs attention too.The UglyOk... The ugly. The bugs. I mentioned the optimization that NEEDS to happen to make this game playable to anyone who doesn't have a supercomputer so I won't drag that out. The big issues I seemed to hit in this game come from some of the assembly and disassembly mechanics.The first issue was that parts were randomly breaking themselves. While installing and upper arm with 2 rubber gaskets, I bought all new parts, installed and realized that the rubbers were bad. But I just bought all new parts. Oh well. I took the parts off, bought new rubber and reinstalled. They were still bad..... Ok... I emptied my inventory and bought a new upper arm and two new rubber gaskets and installed them all. The arm was green. The rubbers were red. Couldn't complete the job because the rubbers were going instant red as soon as they were installed.Big issue two. There seems to be times (not always but enought to annoy me) were you don't need to follow the assembly order. While trying to install a new cam gear and timing chain on an I6 motor from a 1500, I couldn't install the parts because the game kept trying to install the timing cover. HOW DO YOU INSTALL THE COVER WITHOUT THE CAM GEAR AND TIMING CHAIN UNDERNEATH!?! It shouldn't be possible. None of these were an issue in CMS 2015 so i believe the devs need to sit down and look over the game (at least) 1 last time.OverallWhile this game has the potential to be great (if you like this style of game that is), it currently just isn't. It feels rough. Unpolished. I'd even go as far as to say broken. It feels like there was a rush to get the game finished due to the release date pushes that occured. I for one, would rather wait another month then deal with a game that at this time, is unplayable. Would I recommend this game? Yes. If you like the CMS style of diagnosing and fixing vehicles then it definitely WILL BE a good game. It just isn't right now. I hope the devs get to see this as I am a fan of the game and would love to see these issue get fixed so all those who enjoy CMS can continue their journey.PC SpecsIntel I7 5960X @ 4.6 ghz on a custom loopAsus Rampage V Edition 1032 Gb Corsair Dominator Platinum @ 3200 mhz2 Asus Strix GTX 1080 OC edition @ 2.1 ghz on airSamsung 950 pro 512 gb m.2Toshiba 5 tb 7200 rpmEVGA 1200 P2"
76561198014521050,Recommended,645630,33868134,Posted: 28 July,all,svtcobra91,I got the earlier game CMS 2015. So I had to get this. The game has its bugs. But so did the frist one and the developers were quick to fix those bugs when they came up. They listen to there customers and make improvements according to what people are saying. Give this game at least a week or two before giving it your final jugdement.ProsOverall better graphics.Game seems to have more depth when working on cars now.ConsThere are some bugs at the moment. But I belive the dev will have them sorted out in a timely manor as they did with the second one.
,Recommended,645630,33868258,Posted: 28 July,all,DaniiA100,Great game!!!!!
76561198041804579,Recommended,645630,33860137,Posted: 28 July,all,Clausholm,"Played 10 minutes. Savegame already corrupt (doesnt load)10/10Well they fixed some bugs now, still not impresse"
76561198020920466,Not Recommended,645630,33939842,Posted: 31 July,all,NotQuiteDead,"I'm reviewing my evaluation.After patches and redoing everything I goes throw the first time (by disabling steam save cloud...)I have to admit that the game is unique and I get some fun playing it.Buying parts is still my first concern. It is not fun, not at all... in fact, it's a real pain that make me stop playing everytime I get in.I don't see the point of wasting 30 minutes of my time to manually type all the parts you need on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ virtual computer...I will not recommend it until this part of the game play is reviewed.Sorry, It might only me, but I still not recommend it. You will have fun until level 15, after that, going over and over buying parts will make you stop playing it.====After 12 hours, I lost my saved files, gone, for no reason. I would say thanks to steam again I guest.And there is no codes I can use in game to at least try to get back where I was...But I'm tired of this game anyway, not because it's not interesting, it's because buying parts is a pain. Please make us the ability to mark deffective part from inventory and let the autobuy new one a thing. This will make the game enjoyable instead of a pain.For me it looks like a beta version of what it can become a great game later on.For now, it's Car Mechanic Shopping Part Pain Simalator 2018So for now, for me, I'm desapointed."
76561198121951519,Not Recommended,645630,33976189,Posted: 2 August,all,sabin026,Worst game ever !!! Full of bugs !!! I want my money back
76561198065482054,Recommended,645630,33859382,Posted: 28 July,all,John Bronuts,"At the current state of the game i can see why people are very upset, the game took longer then it should of and it has issues but that is expected to happen on the first day of release, Now i do recommed it to anyone if you liked the 14 and 15 verions but be ware that it may not run the best the dev's will fix it but who know's when so far i love it the small glitches are easily fixed and requires almost nothing to fix, just mess around and you will see."
76561198043559746,Recommended,645630,33868149,Posted: 28 July,all,olrusty68chevy,This is a very good game. Just needs a little time too work out the bugs that are in the gameplay.
,Recommended,645630,33871151,Posted: 28 July,all,SLEDGE,abit too adictive but now i need sleep
76561198060907364,Not Recommended,645630,33906597,Posted: 30 July,all,WatermanW52,Early access game selling under the impression that it's complete. Don't bother buying it now because you'll have to start your save over after the first few jobs; rinse and repeat.
76561197970006205,Not Recommended,645630,33943438,Posted: 31 July,all,Dede_Mindaugas,"At first,the game seemed ok played good but after  reached level 4 when I take a car with a longer list of part to be replaced after I press finnish order the game freezes I only can press esc and save and only then  I can take other car. Hope they will fix it"
,Recommended,645630,33861986,Posted: 28 July,all,N word Faggot,Great game so far not very optimised and has a few bugs  but still runs well enough on my 290x
,Not Recommended,645630,33911752,Posted: 30 July,all,Fusion,"♥♥♥♥♥game tbh!Looked like a really awesome game ""abit outside of the box"" but turned out to be♥♥♥♥♥♥Over 4 hard working hours i looked forward to play it today and guess what they♥♥♥♥♥♥on your face and your savegame is gone and you need to start from all the beginning again.It had so mutch gamebreaking bugs at launch and still has and still the must buggy simulator 2017 i guess. No i guess i will put this game on my shelf and dont touch it for a while.What you Devs could do let everyone get a refund of this game no matter what playtime you have in this game. I will warn everyone about this game that they buy this on thier own risk. FIne if you want to spend 20h and then next day or next start up all you see is a reset and need to start over again from scratch.Also have an high end PC with these specsIntel Core I7 6700K skylakeAsus Rog Strix 1070 OC16GB RAMGuess what on ultra settings laggy as F*** with 15-25 FPS high settings 25-30 FPS medium settings 50-70 FPS"
76561198389616848,Not Recommended,645630,33917927,Posted: 30 July,all,bmxbiking93,"alright so i brought a ""barn"" find car but its not showing up at the shop nor the parking lot someone help me out!!!"
,Recommended,645630,34274899,Posted: 16 August,all,coicifer,"Devs' pumping overtime every day, all day long so the game keeps on getting better and better with every update.Waiting for the option to spwan engines or even engine parts and hopping for a community workshop to be added.Keep up the good job guys."
76561198013374816,Recommended,645630,35074754,Posted: 19 September,all,vicodin_313,Great game!
,Recommended,645630,35072785,Posted: 19 September,all,Dwnld,Car is incomplete. There is Clip B missing from car
,Recommended,645630,35066760,Posted: 19 September,all,Gizz01,"really good game!, i loving it..looks like i lucked out and missed the buggy release, but let me say this, its clear the dev team are commited to this and although release was rocky in regards to bugs they have fixed 99% of em and adding more content as we speak..my experience in this game has been 10/10 so far with 42 hrs recorded according to steam, as a car nut myself CM15 never grabbed me but after watching a few vids of this i jumped in.. really glad i did, relaxing chill and funwould def recomend!"
76561198006720122,Recommended,645630,35064820,Posted: 19 September,all,Fireshot,"with time (patch), this game is becoming better"
76561198003422129,Recommended,645630,34767759,Posted: 5 September,all,Jefeon,"Wow... I wanted to buy this game from day one but then these reviews turned me off so I did wait a couple of weeks, looked at the news and Red Dot's weekly (even daily) updates which I was very glad to see.So I finally bought it 2 days ago when new reviews claimed that the game was better and mostly fixed and said to not read these angry reviews... and boy I will never read reviews on Steam again.These little frustrated spoiled brats playing on dirty potatos have no idea what they're talking about, being negative is a trend in videogame industry nowadays so be careful, almost 10 hours in I had no crashes, no black screen, no bugs, mouse sensitivity works as intented like every other damn games on the market, many new features and the fps is fine, I get around 55-60fps on Ultra be it in the garage or track or barn...The only downside so far is the keyboard when walking, it feels heavy, this has to be fixed.This game is amazing, I don't even like cars that much, hell I have a car because I have to, but this game is addictive, well made and rewarding, even though it isn't perfect yet, it will be soon enough because Red Dot are not giving up like PlayWay did and this game as it is now is well worth the money, and they're adding workshop and coop... what else can we ask for?Red Dot needs their fans to be positive so they can fix the game and add more to it, I think they've been great so far fixing this game and dealing with these idiots yelling and throwing their first world problems at them, a lot of devs and people would have gave up already and started a new project.If you're undecided just try it for yourself, you can always refund if it's really unplayable for you, but don't make your choice according to these reviews, the game isn't the problem."
,Recommended,645630,34215700,Posted: 13 August,all,skrzacikscuk,"First of all.This game has a great potential.Im with the game since day one and after 90 h i can tell one thing.I newer thought that this game can be so addictive!Beside of a bit rugh start but taking under consideration viatal help form developers now im fully enjoying every clutch, gearbox and engine i must repair.Dont understand me wrong : there are things that can be improved and i have a hope that all will be addressed and fans will be listened.I have a big hope for lot of DLCs for this game and if these will be priced reasonably i will buy them all!!!!!Please i need VW!!!!!! old beatle especiallyCan i recommend the game to others?YES, i can.At this very moment games is fully playable for me (except few things that devs will address in next couple of days).Despite of real mechanics in real garage this game allowed me to learn the things about the cars that i wanted all my life (IT guy).Sometimes i realy feel the grease and oil on my hands.Except sewaring when spanner miss LOLGood Job RDG"
,Recommended,645630,35209517,Posted: 25 September,all,G O R D O N,Good game
,Not Recommended,645630,34790474,Posted: 7 September,all,Snusbex csgolive.com,I do not like it. i thought it would be awesome but when i started up the game i noticed i couldn't configure anything wich makes it impossible to control since i couldn't even change the sensetivity (That was insanley high btw) and lagy as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,645630,34532659,Posted: 27 August,all,Pyewackets,"I have never played a car mechanic simulator before so I have nothing to compare it to, but I love this game. The few bugs are not deal/game breakers in my opinion and I love the fact that the devs are responding to requests and working to add in more content, fixes and changes. I look forward to the workshop getting up and running so I can add in more cars. Its a non-taxing, relaxing enjoyable game. Well worth the money."
76561198146955746,Not Recommended,645630,34498196,Posted: 25 August,all,calebnull10,"Very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Wanted to like this game so I tried everything I could to get it to run correctly to no avail. So, obviously I went for my refund for this completly broken full release game, but because I managed to stay frozen in your s*** game so much I racked up over 2 hours gameplay time and steam denied my refund. So now im stuck with this waste of space on my computer. Thanks. DO NOT BUY!"
76561197991806729,Recommended,645630,33868383,Posted: 28 July,all,MasterDrew89,"This game is good continuation of the series.  Lots of cards, lots of jobs, junkyard find and auctions.  All good stuff to make the game have better longevity.The controls are alittle wonky and the game fails to guide you what to do next.  So i ended up rebuilding the entire car i nthe tutorial. I had no idea that it was the tutorial other that i though it was weird i wasnt getting jobs.I see alot of compliants about preformance problems but honetly it just means you need to buy a system from the last 5 years or stop playing on a laptop.  Game runs great on myI5 6500k16GB ramMSI 1080Win 10"
,Recommended,645630,34543868,Posted: 27 August,all,Ozzy*,Got this game on a postivive review from a friend - Couldn't be more happy with it! I could hardly change my oil IRL; and I felt like the game was decently paced in terms of introducing me to various mechanics. Here we are...over 8hrs later. I can hardly wait to play more! No idea what all the bug reports and stuff are about; none experienced here. Though had to look up a youtube vid on how to end the turorial. No complaints here!
,Recommended,645630,34540686,Posted: 27 August,all,Xylo,"Great game, little bit buggy, but playable, as a lot of mods which makes the game even better"
,Not Recommended,645630,33931812,Posted: 31 July,all,EtsDriver,"> At this state (seems more to be in development than a completed title), i would not recommend this game to be bought at this pricepoint.Developer, please post patch announcements so they show up on ""news"" stream on Steam game library, some of us really hate to go ingame or to the discussion forums to see what is now fixed..."
,Not Recommended,645630,33922658,Posted: 31 July,all,Master Spaghettoni,"At this moment in time, the game runs like sh*t and is not optimized at all. It feels like a very poor PC port. Which is a shame, because some of the gameplay and mechanics seem pretty decent. Unfortunately, between the horrible optimization, the lack of configurable video options, and random bugs and crashes I requested a refund (but was denied because I played more than 2 hours, -_-). Avoid this game until further notice."
,Recommended,645630,33928757,Posted: 31 July,all,kotjarich,Pay to Beta test.I love the way developers work on it 24 hours a day but i still dont understand why did they published it this raw.Feel yourself like one of thousands people coming up with new improvement ideas.
76561198316977525,Recommended,645630,34159967,Posted: 10 August,all,Nitro Omelette,"Really good game, don't have anything to complain about really, but if I could add one thing, I would want to be able to skip the cutscene when loading up the game and just be able to jump to the main menu. Other than that, I have no complaints, very good game and if any bugs happen it seems like they are fixed before I log on the next day."
76561198099096510,Recommended,645630,33873527,Posted: 28 July,all,DrewPetits,"Has console compatablity ever made a game better? I can't answer that, but I can tell you that it has made CMS2018 worse than 2015. What used to be hotkeys are now a wheel menu. Too bad.I'm coming from a completely unlocked garage in 2015, so maybe being early in the career again is skewing my perceptionCons: The wheel menuNot optimisedLack of options for controls, mouse sensitivity and other settingsPros: Looks damn nice, even on my old GTX 765More vehicles than the older versionSome of the parts have been ""sub-divided"" into multiple components and there are now speacialty tools for those. Example the tire machine for removing tires from rims, a wheel balancer, a spring compressor for removing springs from struts, an engine hoist. Adds a few more steps to all of the jobs we once found simple. But i think it will be an improvement in gameplay.Getting used to the wheel menu will be the hardest part for players of this franchise. I keep wanting to press 2 and 3, but then remember it's all 2nd mouse btn and wheel menu..."
,Recommended,645630,33874062,Posted: 28 July,all,NoteTheNoob,"its not as bad as people say!! really isnt its laggy as Hell on high but i dont play these games for graphics nor do i play them to complain about them, to me the game is worth the $20 price tag with the dlc!! check out my guide for basics on the game!!YOU MAY ALSO WIN A COPY!!!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1093506559"
,Recommended,645630,33887571,Posted: 29 July,all,Black_Knight241,really good game i have waited patiently for this game to be releasedyeah the game has loads of bugs but what game dosent on day one of release give the developer some time to sort the bugs out in the mean time grab a beer sit back and repair some cars :)played this game all of 7 hours and i love it i loved the 2015 version but this is so much better i can't wait for more DLC to be added one great game :)
76561198008478454,Recommended,645630,33926095,Posted: 31 July,all,tmusson90,"Will state the obvious, this game is currently buggy as of writing this (31/07/17), however every day I have seen updates improving the stability and fewer bugs.If you are a big fan of car mechanic simulator games I would recommend this so as long as you are aware it is not a perfect experience at this point.If you are new to the series I would wait for a month before buying to allow for the imperfections to the fixed.For those who want more information see below:this version is the biggest departure from previous games, with greater depth to tires, suspension etc with you needing to combine parts together to create a set.This really shakes things up when fixing someone's car when you can recycle a spring, but need a new shock absorber and cap.Also the barn finds and junk yard (not unlocked junk yard yet) are a fantastic addition, with you being able to get second hand parts and cars to renovate.The only gripe I have with this so far is how ineffective it is to buy and sell restored cars for XP, as the one XP you earn from it is for removing and adding parts. You are better off doing jobs until you get the final garage / junk yard unlockedThey have also added a large amount of convience items to the game to make things easier for you like the game can highlight the items you need to fix / replace (more than just the rust hunting), this part is optional if you are purist."
76561198308951820,Not Recommended,645630,33999483,Posted: 3 August,all,emtykax,Very slow and difficult to understand. 100% asking for refund. 2015 was much better
76561198103814335,Recommended,645630,34153004,Posted: 10 August,all,Gavin,"After my first review on this game a lot has changed, one of the more notable things is the amount of crashes. I haven't experienced one in 20+ hours. And I have no reason to believe I will anytime soon. The devs have been working their a$$es off, and it shows. In two weeks they've released 19 patches, which is unprecedented and amazing for a team this size to pull off. The devs promised to do everything they could to get this game working as soon as they could and here we are. I'm happy to say that this game is working, and you should pick it up. CMS18 offers a relaxing sandbox experience with a couple story elements here and there in the form of returning customers or interesting baffoons who have managed to ruin their cars in some of the dumbest ways possible. I personally find that the UI is easy to use after only a few hours, but is rather alien at first. The sounds are great (but not the music, that's where a good youtube playlist comes in,) the devs are greater, the cars are the greatest and the car physics handling is... not. But not everything is perfect. If you want this game check the system requirements and decide for yourself if you think you'll be good to go, I personally run a totally stock pc I bought back in 2012 with an Nvidia geforce 660 graphics card and it works great on the medium setting, but gets a little slideshowey on high when multiple cars are on screen. I'm giving this one a solid 8.5/10 to date, but I have no doubt it will get even better in the weeks to come. And a message to the devs should they read this, where is my engine swap eh?"
76561198182437501,Not Recommended,645630,33883661,Posted: 29 July,all,Jfire,"Wait a week before buying!! OR buy the game with the discount and don't play for a week until all the bugs are figured out.Game has awesome potential. But this feels like a beta. Almost like you guys are using us to test all the issues AND THEN pushing out a ""polished"" game.A game that was delayed for 1 week shouldn't have over 3,000 comments within 24 hours about bugs that have nothing to do with the language packs that were mentioned. Instead we all get a game that looks AMAZING, but cannot actually play.I loved CMS15, bought CMS18 knowing the issues. And hope you guys keep your heads up and deliver an actual product shortly.Maybe, it should have been released in 2018 like the title of the game states?Once everything is fixed and ""polished"" up, then this game will be 100% undervalued."
,Recommended,645630,34120183,Posted: 9 August,all,DaBucc,"Although not perfect, I enjoy the game a lot for what it is currently and can't wait to see what it will become."
76561198183485751,Not Recommended,645630,33879353,Posted: 29 July,all,jfallivene,"I would like to start off this reveiw by saying this game was not even close to what i was expecting. To begin, this was not an early access game. Both playway and Steam should be embarrassed to release such a crappy game like this and it not be early access. There are massive bugs in the loading screen. Keep in mind they delayed this game twice already, and the most alarming part is that the result was just unbearable to play. After not even being able to get into the loading screen, I requested a refund. Then I gave it some thought and saw that they made an update. Litttle did I know that the update barely helped. After a total of about 15-20 minutes I finally got into th loading screen. It was extremly laggy and almost too bad to play in. Then, I messed round with the settings. It wasn't laggy, but the graphics had to be turned down to low and the screen resolution also had to be turned down alot. So basicly wht I purchased was a buggy, crappy graphic, antifun game. Somebody needs to come out with an update. After this is requested a refund again and got my money back. Secondly, all the youtubers are fine with their games because they got the prereleased version with better specificaations. This is just flat out ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. They with just make us have the less quality games, while some more thn others just watch and get jealous over the youtubers having such a great game while they just sit and think about how bad their game is. In conclusion, I would NOT recommend this game. I am going to try to buy it again somewhere in the future, but for now I will not go near that game."
,Not Recommended,645630,33882259,Posted: 29 July,all,Warface,"V 1.0.2The game is so broken that you can't even save your progress. Items are duplicating in the inventory, black loading screen which never goes away even if the game is loaded behind it, poor GPU optimization, etc...Looks like they have release a game without even playing it. Will come back in a month or 2"
,Not Recommended,645630,33919767,Posted: 30 July,all,Link,I have a 980 GTX and the game is so poorly optimized I can't play on medium.Someone patch this already.
76561198067929316,Not Recommended,645630,33925189,Posted: 31 July,all,Asterisk,"Finished working on a car and its crashed just as i was about to sell the car. this is my third crash in my first short few hours.it's a fun game, but it's riddled with bugs. i just hope the issues will get fixed soon. bugs really spoil the fun and immersion of the game.not to mention that two DLCs are already available right off the bat. i hope the developers set their priorities straight and iron out the bugs before making more DLCs, it just gives off a money hungry vibe."
76561198148237102,Not Recommended,645630,34017691,Posted: 4 August,all,yzk322,"So im not one for review's, I honestly have only ever done one other then this one im currently doing. So ill get straight to the point. I have just over 50hrs since release 40 of those hours were spent working on cars leveling up etc etcThe amount of bugs starting from the game black screening when you finish a job if the car is still up on the lift, Or the one where you put the engine on the engine stand but it goes on backwards putting the handle of the stand and the body of it right through the motor making it impossible to remove bolts from any of the mains or rod caps. There are soooo many annoying little bugs but there is a good amount that reliably crash the game every single time you do something a way the game doesnt like. Apart from the bugs my other huge problem with the game is the fact that many of the games features that were advitised on release are there BUT they are locked permenetly!!!The car showroom or whatever the hell its called never unlocks i know this because for the other 10hrs of game play i hacked a save and leveled myself up 120 times more then need to unlock everything just to see if it did infact unlock but it does. Also thats not the only thing locked flat out which itself might not seem that terrible right ?Because really who really uses a damn showroom. BUT!!! Again another feature is locked and guess what this one is a MAJOR game feature and thats the DYNO !! GRrrThe dyno room is there but even once you work up to getting the final garage upgrade or even cheat your way to it unlocking that final garage upgrade doesnt infact unlock the dyno room! You are never able to use it or tune any cars at all its completly pointless. Which lowers the sale price of cars you end up restoring end game. Also to lower the price of restored cars is the fact the game doesnt pick up any of the tyres on any car you have restored or the suspention like shocker's and the likes. This is a very sorry excuse for a mechanic simulator too because 99% of parts are named incorrectly and/or are just plain wrong in some cars. Like really the bloody tailshaft is called a driveshaft :/ ?? A drive shift goes from the diff to the wheel or from the gearbox to the wheel in a front wheel drive car. I cant get over that or let it pass by with the way everything is named incorrectly. Also worth note is that if you have played CMS15 then you have already seen and built most of the motors and gearboxes they have in CMS18. With the exception of a couple its the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over again only thing they have added is more bugs and game crashs. Also like i said major content has been locked or removed also, This is not worth the $18 they are asking imho wait until its on sale or the cut content has been re added and the game brakng bugs and crashes have been delt with. Shame on you PlayWay SHAME ON YOU!!"
76561198006780641,Recommended,645630,34133137,Posted: 9 August,all,Karl-Heinz,"You don't have to be a car mechanic to enjoy this game. But if you like to take things apart, repair and put them together afterwards, then CMS 2018 is a game you should give a try."
76561198133610769,Not Recommended,645630,34135569,Posted: 9 August,all,The Richham,Looking forward to the makers of this game fixing it . As it stands at the moment the game will open but I cannott play it . The makers beg for people to wait and they will fix all the bugs so I will . I can't recommend it for now for these reasons . Wait until they have sorted out these issues and then buy it . I myself will be patient and wait a while before getting a refund as they were totally honest about it after I bought the game of course and see if they are as good as their word . This review has to be a no at the momment . I will revoke this review after such time as I can play it .
,Recommended,645630,33913721,Posted: 30 July,all,Beneger,This game is almost good. After the patches performance is decent but there is a thing about the gameplay I do not like too much. The pie chart. I feel like it slows the pace of the game but other than that I love this game. 9/10
,Recommended,645630,33918927,Posted: 30 July,all,Peep87,"This game is So so at the moment, the devs had mad 2015 a great game. They just had kept the game a secret before release so there were no testing stages with low-high end pcs so frames can be iffy. The devs have released a new patch everyday after listening to the comminity and fixing and adding what people have said that they wanted to have in the game. You may want to wait a week to buy but get it when its discounted so you can atleast save money.Otherwise it is/will be a great game"
,Recommended,645630,34022363,Posted: 4 August,all,AlienZeus,the game had a few small bugs however the game is still fun to play if you are into cars
76561198027516444,Not Recommended,645630,34055156,Posted: 6 August,all,dully,"Game needs fixing, to many bugs , might give up and come back in a month when it's sorted!!!"
76561198013128567,Not Recommended,645630,33921435,Posted: 30 July,all,Fireman2555,"Don't bother, as it sits the game is terrible, I don't think the game should even be released yet. The entire game feels unfinished."
,Recommended,645630,33890826,Posted: 29 July,all,JoshW12,"First of all, this game DOES have a lot of bugs. The game is playable (I'm currently at level 12 in the game, ~5-6 hours of gameplay) and while I am stuck with one car that can not be fixed, the game is still playable. The devs are working HOURS to fix the game and get it stable. I recommend this game to people who don't care to come across a bug here and there, or a graphical bug."
,Recommended,645630,33891444,Posted: 29 July,all,DragonIV,"If you played CMS 2015, it's like 2015 with a bunch a new features and looks glorious.  Tutorial is buggy, so move right on into the game (besides, it's a lousy tutorial anyhow).  I've repaired a bunch of cars already (started playing after the 1.002 patch) and have hit no issues playing on ultra quality.So far, so good, I'm liking what I see![addition to orignal review below]Two weeks later, I've got a lot more game time in.  There have been a ton of patches to address launch day issues and the game works quite well now.  They've also added new features along the way, including a race track and showroom, which is a nice touch.Gameplay definitely seems more compelling than CMS 2015, even if the mechanics are similar.  There is far more complexity to the game, so if that sounds good, go right out and get it!"
,Not Recommended,645630,33990967,Posted: 3 August,all,bschneider,"Many people already mentioned the plentiful bugs. At the moment, the ""story orders"" (which really are just repair orders that have two sentences of background story) are cut off by a blackscreen after one of them. Cars' body can't be repaired to 100% for reasons that aren't clear yet. Cars that don't have benches will have requests to replace their benches in the order. Some cars simply don't have a complete item list in the store, meaning that things like windows or side mirrors for a few particular models are missing. And since the repair bench is broken too, that means you can't fix these cars.What's probably worse is that the publisher is now showing that features that were already DLC in CMS 2015, will now become DLC again, even though you can already see them in the base game.The developers are pushing out a patch every day, and considering that they're a small dev team from Poland, that's definitely appreciated and impressive. But it doesn't change the fact that a game should never be released in a state like this. Having an exploitative and (outright dishonest) DLC policy only pours salt into the wound. Somebody in the forums found a screenshot where Playway (the publisher) promised that things like performance parts and tuning would be coming in a few patches. That makes sense, given that some features are currently disabled until they are fixed (e.g. radio, achievements). Now the publisher is sounding more like those features (race track, performance parts, tuning) were appearing in the base game by accident (they are visible, but not interactable), and that they would be released as DLC later. Oh, and of course this game already released with two pieces of DLC, both of which are among the most broken portions of the game at the moment.It sucks, because the game itself, while as grindy as most simulator games, looks like it made decent progress. After 2014 and 2015, they took a break instead of going for a yearly release. This smells like a typical Publisher Overreach story, though I don't want to blindly exonerate the dev team. A game doesn't play like this if you hit all the milestones and get proper testing done.Releasing old features as patches, instead of paid content, is the least Playway can do to fix this mistake.♥♥♥♥♥♥ even in a perfectly functioning game, that would be the right thing to do. Squeezing money out of loyal customers for features that were done multiple times over already? What is this, The Sims? If they decide to charge money for things like tuning, then this is the last Playway game I (unfortunately) bought and probably can't refund anymore.EDIT:The devs have added a new thread on their forum. In it, they say that features like the Race Track, Car Salon and Dyno/Tuning will be ""added"" soon. This is, of course, ambiguous but softly implies these features will not have to be purchased as DLC. If that is the case, and the game gets fixed into a playable state, I'll change my review to recommend it.EDIT 2:The Race Track and the Car Salon have been added in a patch a few minutes ago. So far, so good. Quite a few bugs have been ironed out, quite a number persist. Some basic features are still missing, but things are getting better.EDIT 3:Dev team stated they'll ""need a short break"" and that ""a few days should do it."" I understand the need for a day or two off, but... now? Really? People report black screens (i.e. critical bugs) by the hour, the Race Track is now available, but nigh unusable given most cars' handling at the moment and there are some minor bugs that affect everybody. Plus, of course, critical features still missing. The dev statement was five days ago. Since then, nothing.Just take Sundays off. Take a longer vacation once the game is actually presentable. The forum is full of people stating that ""everyone needs a vacation,"" which ignores the fact that the year has 365 days. Nobody's denying them their vacation. Just taking one now is supremely stupid, and unfair to paying customers who are left sitting on a game that's still broken as hell. Did you know there now is an in-game option to invert the mouse's Y-axis? Great! Only problem is it inverts everywhere, even in menus. Hilarious.EDIT 4:Two days later (18 August 2017), and still not a peep from the devs. If there's not a single word by the evening, I'm seriously contemplating my decision to eventually turn this review around into a positive. A whole week without patches for a game that looks like this is audacious.EDIT 5:It's one day later, afternoon. Still dead silence after more than a week of developer vacation. Abundance of bugs, no key bindings, messed up inverted Y-axis, unusable car physics and downright absent features all remain as they are. Guess this negative review is here to stay. Well done, Red Dot and Playway. Never making this mistake again. The based Eastern European developers meme has taken a big hit thanks to you.EDIT 6:The devs came back two days ago. Two patches since then. Finally, you can expand your Parking. Thing is, it's a little menu that opens when you click on the Parking door. Can somebody explain to me why that feature took a month to implement? Because I can't. Meanwhile, both new patches claimed to have changed the car physics, but it feels just as bad as it did before the patches.I think I'll leave it here. Keeping up with this is pointless. Don't buy this under any circumstances."
,Not Recommended,645630,33939898,Posted: 31 July,all,₮ether,"I really like cars. I thought this game was going to be really fun, It was the exact opposite. Please, Do not waste your money on this game. It is really boring."
,Not Recommended,645630,34028170,Posted: 4 August,all,Lo Li Ta,"For now game is very bad performance, UI are uneasy to use, tutorial is useless. Core concept of game is good but the game need to improve fast!"
76561198311448832,Not Recommended,645630,34029436,Posted: 4 August,all,03hotwheels,I can't even get on the game I tried several times so until it gets better and I hope it does I will leave a dislike I had zero probablems with cms 15 so I shouldn't with this one hope it gets fixed
,Recommended,645630,34207777,Posted: 12 August,all,greendayguy7,I'll admit I was dissapointed when the game first came out and wasnt working as well as CMS 2015 but since launch the devs have really made this game great. Its been less than a month and almost all of the bugs that were in at launch are gone and the features that were missing are slowly but surely being added. I absolutley recommend this game in its current state and i applaud the devs for working so hard to deliver a game we can all enjoy.
76561197984245574,Recommended,645630,34275493,Posted: 16 August,all,TwiztidGuy,I enjoyed 2015 so much I had to try 2018.  From what I've seen they are doing their best to deliver an amazing game.  There is always room for improvement and they are doing an amazing job to fix all issues and make the game succeed with the potential that it has.  (Keep in mind this is still shortly after release.)  I for 1 am impressed and will give it 5 out of 5 stars.  Can't wait for what more is to come!
76561198202575539,Recommended,645630,34363912,Posted: 19 August,all,geo_dk1989,"Even though the game had a lot of problems after the release, the hard work of the developers managed to reduce the number of bugs and make the game playable.For me in 12 hours of play i didn't encountered bugs that ruined the fun or altered my gameplay.The game is great and it brings a lot of improvements compared to CMS 2015....and it gets better with each patch.So...i 100% recommend it for every fan of prior games and new ones.Thank you for the hard work"
,Recommended,645630,33865384,Posted: 28 July,all,wrilky,Yes we were all annoyed by the delay but this game is a vast improvement on the old CM15.Better graphics and gameplay more than compensate for the wait.
,Recommended,645630,33874788,Posted: 29 July,all,Sir Huggle VonDeathcuddle,"Big thank you to Red Dot games for making great Car Mechanic Simulator games. I own CMS 15 and bought CMS 2018 when it came out on Steam.If you had CMS 2015, I recommend CMS 2018. If you haven't bought CMS 2015, I recommend CMS 2018. It is a great game with a dedicated developoment team that updates the game regularly. There are some bugs and optimization issues but they will fix them and they will improve the game based off of feedback. There were certainly issues with CMS 2015 when it came out and Red Dot fixed and imvrpoved it.What is Car Mechanic Simulator 2018?It is a car fixing simulation and the cars can be considered puzzles. There are parts on the orders that are sometimes listed, and sometimes up to the player to find and fix. The player can examine the car using a visual type of inspection, using various tools such as a fuel pressure tester, by road testing the car, or by putting the car on what is called a path test which tests the car's suspension. Once the parts are removed, the player can buy new parts using the computer or repair them with the workbench once it is unlocked.Once the player has enough money, they can buy cars from the auction, fix them, improve them with various parts like a turbocharger, and sell them for profit or keep and collect them.The player can also level up and spend skill points to make examination faster, assembling/disassembling faster, or unlock more space and tools in the garage.I like the visuals that the developers have made with the game. The cars have a similar build to the cars from CMS 2015. Some new features and cars have been added which gives depth to the game and offers variety. The garage is a more modern looking garage compared to the very bright and very sleek garage from CMS 2015. The garage also expands as you upgrade it, and there's more than two lifts in the fully upgraded garage! The tutorial is also a very nice faeture to help get the player familiarized with the various tools and how they function. I like the inclusion of the engine lift and engine stand.TL:DR: The game is great. A vast improvement from the previous Car Mechanic Simulator 2015. Although there's some optimization issues and bugs, the developers are a 15 man dedicated team. It may take time, but the fixes, improvements, and maybe new features will come."
,Not Recommended,645630,33956470,Posted: 1 August,all,Jayps Bruha,CMS 2013....
76561198040859524,Not Recommended,645630,33976572,Posted: 2 August,all,jmoranville,At this time do not buy this game! The game has just released and feels more like a bata or alph game full of bugs that a game should not have post release. i get it is a new game but when i have to close because the screen fails to load a key part of the game or the game is crashing all the time it is runied.Now this is a fun game and i will keep playing it and would recommend buying it for anyone who is into this type of game play but use this as a warning to wait till the game has been out longer and all these bugs are fixed before you buy this.
,Not Recommended,645630,33978400,Posted: 2 August,all,тормоз иллл,♥♥♥♥
76561197975295040,Not Recommended,645630,34112738,Posted: 8 August,all,Leo,"Game not finished ... another dev greed gameToturial dont explain anything, just stay stuck in it without any objectives ...No mouse sensitivity optionIn-game configuration just missing ..."
76561198042413159,Recommended,645630,34206301,Posted: 12 August,all,Lrokinrobin,"I find CMS'18 to be a huge improvement over it's predecessors. The barns, junkyard, and car salon all make nice additions to this ever growing game. There are a few flaws and bugs that still need to be worked out ie: inventory duplications, loading times and the 'free' repair costs but nothing game breaking. My only pet peeve is having to return to the garage after any and every visit elsewhere; a better map system would improve the barn searching experience. The best thing about this game is the develpors' quick and honest approach to making this game playable and more enjoyable. Red Dot Games is not only fixing their problems but are asking the community(look at the Discussions) for improvements/suggestions and are implementing some of the better ones. I very much recommend this game."
76561198106502781,Recommended,645630,34254522,Posted: 15 August,all,jfrench454,meh. it's better then the last one.
76561198273749712,Recommended,645630,34259589,Posted: 15 August,all,Programming Cafe,"4/5. The game is really fun and now I know more about cars than I could have know in a long time. I wish you could make engines yourself and put them into any car, I also wish that there could be more cars in the game."
,Recommended,645630,33861845,Posted: 28 July,all,ginglymus,"Unoptimised? Yes. Buggy? Might be, not seen much of that yet.But - Red Dot is a developer with a solid history of supporting their games. It's astonishingly cheap for the number of hours you'll get out of it if you're into that sort of thing.A lot of improvements over the previous game, with a lot more depth."
,Not Recommended,645630,33862434,Posted: 28 July,all,Anthony,This game is a buggy mess and not worth anny money right now. I think thats why the gave out coupons and put it on sale day of release. this should not be on the market yet. buyer beware!Problems=Buggy UIlow fps i mean realy lowbroken main menu - i gess thats UI alsoi would check back in a few month's like November.
,Not Recommended,645630,34106584,Posted: 8 August,all,🍊Orange Juice 🍊,I REALLY like this game... that is when it's working. I played the game for 10 hours the first day I had it and it worked awesome. But now no matter what I do I can't get decent frames in the game it's literally almost un-playable due to FPS. It's not my rig either as I run all games fine. It's a great game if it works but right now can't reccommend.
,Recommended,645630,34235898,Posted: 14 August,all,Dukep6,Really great and fun game to play!! developers are really working hard to fix any problems with the game! thats an A+ in my book!! Keep up the good work guys!
76561198404529775,Recommended,645630,34234369,Posted: 14 August,all,staitisam,i really like this game although the ward should be open cause when i unlocked the bigger garage it said that it comes with a ward
,Recommended,645630,33868698,Posted: 28 July,all,SkankHunt42,"It is just released, so a bit of bugs. But it is a nice and fun game to play. I think it will be better than CMS15."
,Not Recommended,645630,34240200,Posted: 14 August,all,TransfanaticB94,"everytime I try to open the game, it stops responding and at one point, IT FROZE MY DESKTOP, OMG WHY???? me liking cars i thought i could play this game without problems, but no it froze my computer!!!!!"
,Recommended,645630,34276571,Posted: 16 August,all,jayapples,love it
76561198055985032,Recommended,645630,34282076,Posted: 16 August,all,knottravesty,"So, I was a huge fan of 14' and 15'...  This release took me by surprise as I sat down at my rig after a week hiatus on vacation out of state.  I love the changes done, and it's hooked me in just the same as the others...  and that's saying a ton considering I'm a huge fanboy of ""Escape from Tarkov"" that just recently gave out beta keys around the same day.  I'm really excited to get the achievements up and running, so far everything seems to running awesome.  I greatly appreciate these guys and gals for keeping this franchise up and running...  Great work team...!!!"
76561198081027702,Recommended,645630,34364978,Posted: 19 August,all,ryan-caines,"Love it! would also like to have a motorcycle DLC! Yamaha, honda, HD, etc,etc...."
76561198400729004,Recommended,645630,33890807,Posted: 29 July,all,La_ayre,"Had a few bugs at launch which is normal, contacted support team and they fixed the issue immediately! Totally worth the wait and money! Would recommend to anyone!"
76561198278320274,Recommended,645630,34228836,Posted: 13 August,all,WORST GAME,Nice lots of new content. Just need to fix Bugs.
76561198263335296,Recommended,645630,34275361,Posted: 16 August,all,POLICE96Anthony,i like the game but it takes forever to load
,Recommended,645630,33889397,Posted: 29 July,all,TsouLoufis,I bought it for 18 euros and I have to say it is worth...although there are some issues and bugs the game is pretty good all in all....Hopefully in the next few patches all the bugs and blackscreens will get fixed and the game is good to go !
,Not Recommended,645630,34780507,Posted: 6 September,all,steeleybaws,"After just playing for a few minutes it feels completely different to the previous one, nothing feels smooth at all. Requested a refund"
,Recommended,645630,34416022,Posted: 22 August,all,t0mSPecial,"Hi there!I've writed this review after all I spend a lot of time with the 2015 version and here against the bad reviews and negative critics I bought the game for full price.I have to tell You it's a complete new tile of the serie with many new optionsand features and has more detailed engine simulation but in this view I can imagine more variable parts for the different cars.Yes it has many bugs but right now after of 20 or more patches, the developers working on it, the game is playable and the new features just simply forgetting the dark sides of the game.If You'd like the 2015 version I have to recommend You as soon as possible it's hot!!!!"
76561198143431123,Recommended,645630,34423154,Posted: 22 August,all,Ninetofive925,"The Game has come a long way since it's sketchy release back in july. The devs have put an astonishing amount of effort into fixing their game -eventhough they should've polished the game more before release- It really shows that they are dedicated to their game and that they are serious people. There's many more updates and DLC's to come, like the tuning and performance parts similar to the ones from Car mechanic sim 15.So, the game is great because:-The great amount of vehicles in the stock game (you can add a lot more from the workshop but i haven't tried it yet)-Nice graphics, a big upgrade compared to CMS 15-Runs smoothly thanks to the patches the devs have been putting out non-stop-There's quite a few new places to visit / go to make money-AND the game has a good value for money, even more so if you get it on saleSo YES, i definetely recommend this game to anyone who like cars or working around cars in general."
,Recommended,645630,34299592,Posted: 16 August,all,weev,"After the rockiest game launch I've ever been a part of, including Batman: Arkham Knight, the developer has at least been responsible and timely in patching the game to a very playable state at the moment.  It feels like maybe their publisher pushed them to put the game out in such a buggy state.  Hopefully this is a teachable moment for both publishers and developers that you can repair some of the damage done by this kind of launch, but a lot of the reviews and bad memories are still going to hurt future business.Is it worth the upgrade from CMS2015?  The gameplay remains almost exactly the same, though there are a few minor positive changes like a rim puller and wheel balancing, and a shock compressor that makes dealing with front coil springs more interesting and pleasant.  There's an engine hoist and mount, though last I checked this still wasn't really working to build the engine on the mount and hoist it in.  Car parts are almost exactly the same, with a few additions like adding more bushings to things like control arms, piston rings to the pistons, and bearings and caps for all wheels.  You can now install and remove some parts together in groupings without having to manually install each separately, which is a nice addition.   Other than that, my parts lists for most cars remained mostly the same for a given car across both games.  There seem to be a fair amount more variations of some parts, but that's mostly just a very minor cosmetic change.The major upgrades for me were the graphics, which are a clear step up from the last version with nothing major to complain about, and the load times.  Loading in to the garage, test track, auction house and parking garage, as well as the new areas like the junkyard, barns, salon and race track, is far faster than in the previous game.  The auction house has also been streamlined to make things faster, letting you quickly cycle through the list before starting an auction.  I'm not impressed with any of the extra locations.  Barns sound like a great idea, find older project cars to restore, but I went through all of them in one go at one point looking for a particular car and they only respawn one at a time when you gain a new experience level.  Searching for parts is a waste of time since money is not a factor and it's easier to just buy any missing parts from the shop.  By the time you hit level 40 you'll have a few million, and I was never strapped for cash like I was early on in CMS 2015.  The same thing goes for the Junkyard, there's never really a need to go there for parts unless you're looking for an old car to buy.  Most modern cars can't be found in the junkyard and barns, only at auction or the salon, and most older cars can only be found in the junkyard and barns.  Some easy fixes would be to balance the economy to make it necessary early on to scavenge for parts, or have job orders that require parts the shops don't carry (which some mechanics may have actual experience having to do).  Also, I would like to be able to find modern project cars in the junkyard and barns, it seems like all of the auction cars are 4 star in quality.In all, it's an enjoyable step up from CMS 2015 and an easy recommendation if you're in to these kinds of sim games, I think it's one of the most highly polished examples, along with Farm Simulator, where you can see some pride and personal interest from the developers instead of a rushed shovelware job a lot of these games tend to be.In the future, I hope they take some serious lessons from My Summer Car.  Being able to manually hold parts, rotate them and figure out where they go, and move from a bare bone chassis to a drivable car in one seamless sitting is far more compelling.  I want a game where I can build up my own shop, with everything interactive, buying new tools to make things easier and allow me to do new tasks that otherwise would require outsourcing to another shop, like repairing body work by cutting out parts of panels and welding new parts in, block sanding and priming/painting, or more detailed engine and drive train work like rebuilding a drive axle or transmission, or balancing a crankshaft. Be able to drive to the parts shop and junkyard and manually handle transporting items and organizing them in your shop.   I would even argue that it's not something for a more niche audience, as My Summer Car seems to have sold more copies than CMS.  Youtube and community guides make these types of games far more accessible, and I think the complexity could be managed to allow people of differing knowledge and automotive experience to get as much out of the game as they want."
76561198301768643,Recommended,645630,34360487,Posted: 19 August,all,gezza.351v8power,"I was never dissapointed by this game as I didnt set unrealistic standards for its release in my mind.Overall from release I enjoyed what content was available and as the devs updated the game adding new features and ironing out some issues daily the game got better and better.I reccomend this game for anyone who has an interest in cars and would like to know a little more about how cars go together and how they work.When the customisation and performance modifications are finally released i beleive this game will be easily the best vehicle mechanic simulation ever made.How things have changed 10 years ago i would of said that about ""gearhead garage"" but look how far we have come since then...amazing goodwork reddot..one last this stop giving the guys a hard time there trying to make a great game and discouraging them will only hinder there progress and slow the trickle of updates we have been enjoying this past couple of weeks.cheers"
76561198057115337,Recommended,645630,34390355,Posted: 21 August,all,Ch3micalh4zard,"OH HELL TO THE YES.so much god damn fun, the customising could use a bit of work but the rest of the game is perfect"
76561198353931293,Recommended,645630,34306389,Posted: 17 August,all,xX_Keegster_Xx,"I love this game.So many people are complainingabout it being buggy, but the dev'sare working really hard right nowto fix these problems.I only ran into one bug, and it wasvery minor and did nothing to ruinthe game. yes, it could be workedon. It is a problem with the lift. AlsoThe driving mechanics are sort ofhorrible, but for a simulator theyare ok and the devs will probablyfix it along with the other patchesthey are working hard to put out.Overall i have had a great 15H onthis game and im nowhere neardone with it and i will see how itimproves in the next few months."
76561198127106300,Recommended,645630,34309409,Posted: 17 August,all,Epod Arch(VF07),amazing game wish that you could download mods through the workshop
76561197999480590,Recommended,645630,34577768,Posted: 29 August,all,jhvyper,"Truely a phenominal game but like many who have played this ask, WE WANT WORKSHOP SUPPORT. The game itself is beautiful and runs smooth, the in-game music is so badass I crank up my stereo while playing and the wide variety of cars gives me hours of enjoyment. But please devs, add workshop support so those brilliant modders can add more cars and parts."
76561198007593964,Not Recommended,645630,34377094,Posted: 20 August,all,billynomates,My game has been working fine i go to load it today and nothing just sits at the load screen nothing happens i have a game about 19 hours in i dont want to start it again
,Not Recommended,645630,33858866,Posted: 28 July,all,Burnerheinz,"The game as it is, is a giant mess issues with selecting parts the engine cliping trough the engine stand and horribley optimised i'd say buy it later as the patches are gonna fix it."
,Not Recommended,645630,33858873,Posted: 28 July,all,Tintor,"So as of 28.07(Release date) game has extreme optimization issues and is overall full of bugs.On my GTX 1080 and 6600K @4.4GHz, Im getting 50fps on Ultra and 75fps on Medium in garage with 2 cars in view. Constantly gets stuck in black screen.Graphic options are extremely limited, only 4 presets without any way to customize. Overall has very console feel with clunky controls.807 days spent on god knows what, but that definetly wasnt testing or polishing the game.Do not buy this until its fixed(if ever). I will update this review if the situation changes."
,Not Recommended,645630,33866414,Posted: 28 July,all,GranaatGraaier,"Hate to do this to the successor of the great 2015 version.Currently this game is NOT in a enjoyable and playable shape.Bugs, Crashes, no optimisation and did i mention bugs?50+ bugs in 3 hours of play, great job!I dont know who came up with the idea to completely redo the excellent controls that were available in the 2015 version (which featured shortcuts and a UI to show them) but the intuitive controls have been adjusted and may take some getting used to. but the shortcuts. THE SHORTCUTS! Why would anyone in their right mind take them away? Im not afraid to use my keyboard PlayWay!anyway. bugs can be fixed and controls can be added or adjusted in patches.of which i hope to see alot because i do like this game but not in its current state.the new features added in this version are great and really enhance the experience but man,This game needs a ""Fix Car simulator 2018 simulator"" before i will positively review this game.Really disappointed in the release."
76561198072313117,Recommended,645630,34404491,Posted: 21 August,all,Plasticpony,"This game started bug city, unplayable. But the developement team is very dedicated and have pushed out nonstop updates and bug fixes since release. If you are looking for a good soothing timekiller you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,645630,33859418,Posted: 28 July,all,SyKo Champion,"I feel I must write a review to counter all the hate. I run this at a flawless 60fps, granted I have a GTX 1080. I have ran into some bugs (a couple game breakers) but the game has been out less than a day and it is only $20. I fixed a couple cars without any problems, it will be a great game in a couple of weeks so if you were interested than I would suggest saving a few pennies and getting it now, if not, it won't take long for the devs to fix the bugs."
76561198009653886,Not Recommended,645630,33861530,Posted: 28 July,all,CFarley,"This game is so very rough for the ""time"" they have taken to make it. Was excited to play but now just disappointed. Things dont sit where they are suppose to, black screens, and not optimized. Lets hope for updates to be fast because this is a big let down"
76561198028362045,Recommended,645630,34129364,Posted: 9 August,all,BlackDiamond,"I have played this game for over 40 hours and yes, it has had some issues and it's launch was rocky, but the quality has vastly improved by having a dedicated developer who has already released 16 patches since the game was launched.Pros- Beautiful graphics- Tons of cars- Improved part buying interface- In Game shopping list- More music options then CMS 2015- Junkyard for car huntingCons- No real tutorial (however, veterans of CMS 2015 should have no issue)- Experience progression is slow- Paint Shop is placed on the third garage upgrade, which is significantly further away then in CMS 2015- Story orders, while challenging, can be annoying when it comes to the many rubber bushings and replacing the correct one (a typical car will have between 12 and 20 rubber bushings)Overall: Solid game with tons of potential, continually getting better as the developers patch the game rapidly.  Still has the relaxing nature of CMS 2015 with better graphics."
76561198008112461,Not Recommended,645630,33921388,Posted: 30 July,all,Kabel,"I can't belive they would release a game in this state. I can't think of another game with this many bugs since Batman AK. I got a monster for a PC and it runs terribly. There is no way for the graphics that looks this meh and be this taxing. They have some game breaking bugs and if this wasn't enough, bugs can even ruin your saves, making you start all over again. They are patching like crazy, but like any patch, sometimes it can breaks more then it helps. I would be embarrassed to put my name on this product. This game will be great down the road once they get ""Alpha build"" out of the way. There is no reason to release it yet, unless they are hurting for money. Cause I refuse to believe and decent Dev could not see how buggy this build was. That only leaves me with two options. They are money hungry and desperate. Or two, they are terrible at their job. Either way it's not good. Stay clear for a few months and keep your eye on the boards. I cannot recommend this game as is."
76561198029488605,Not Recommended,645630,34143137,Posted: 10 August,all,Tommasuek,"Way closer, but still not there..As is the current state of the game I would rather recommend CMS 2015 even without DLC's, This game is sadly optimized for consoles and usage of gamepad which I as a PC gamer really dislike. CMS 2015 on PC is much more intuitive and user friendly and all interfaces work as you would expect it. I consider hidden car parts as a problem, like front lower arm has two bushings that you practically don't know about unless you try to reassemble the part. Very frequent patches just shows that this is still incomplete game.If you are new you may try, however I recommend to wait for Winter Sale 2017, where it should have majority of problems fixed.EDIT 31.8.2017: Way closer to release, I would say 2nd phase of beta but I would recommend to wait for at least October 2017 or buy it with expected Porsche DLC"
,Recommended,645630,33876856,Posted: 29 July,all,Super Girl,After playing this game for 7 hours on and off today I really enjoyed it. It's understandable there are a lot of bugs and I feel they should have does some more testing/spent more time in the dev stage.Still haven't been able to experience the whole game but I look forward to doing so.
76561198136316721,Recommended,645630,33877046,Posted: 29 July,all,Colin Mochrie,"great game, yes the game was laggy at first but thats just the toutorial so stop crying about just play the damn game and be happy ."
76561198014470600,Not Recommended,645630,34007900,Posted: 3 August,all,Supernerd,"I had been holding off review given a positive impression by Red Dot in addressing the multitude of problems in the game. However, as the developer has now flat out lied in a posting it has destroyed my trust and belief in their efforts. The graphics were great until 1.0.7 which introduced graphics errors, the working features are a great step forward, overall it would be a fantastic game if all the listed features were in the game and everything worked. Things were looking up with the developer acknowledging their errors and working to correct them.With the posting today stating ""We never lied, we never promised any content which is not in present version of the game."" I no longer can say I have belief and faith in the developer. There is a great number of features that are not in the present version of the game and not even listed for the upcoming 1.1.0 update. This makes their statement itself a lie. Due to this, I can no longer in good faith hold off posting a review of the present state of the game and recommend not purchasing this game in the present state due to untrustworthiness of the developer.UPDATE with 1.1.2 graphics problems seem ironed out along with overall stability, along with other fixes. Still mission content from what is listed here on the store page however, so still do not recommend buying due to developer lying about all features being present and there is only ""yes"" or ""no"" options."
,Not Recommended,645630,34010740,Posted: 4 August,all,OllyMc27,"Went to play, menu was horrible, walking about seems very strange and unnatural.I refunded, weren't for me. Might be the one for you though..."
76561198254030491,Not Recommended,645630,34172421,Posted: 11 August,all,cgsmith13,"In the time that i have played this game it has crashed 4 seperate times. Each time the game has crashed because there is no save before it removes everything that has been done. Only once did i remember to save after i finished a job because i knew that there would be another crash. Therefore, in the time that i have spent playing the game i have only managed to get through the tutorial and 3 missions. In which 2 of these missions were just brake problems. Which is a fine start to someone who has never played before, but if you are like myself who has played at least 14 then the missions are trivial. The very first mission i didwith the changing of tyres was fine since i had never encountered the changing of tyres to different rims before.With the constant crashes i cannot recommend this game. Also, the game is stuttering quite a bit and is not running at any sort of smooth framerate. With every time i enter a car the game decides that 10 frames is enough. Keep in mind that i am running it on medium with a 1070 and i5 6600k and at no point have my thermals altered the performance. So i would expect to be able to run at high with a stable 60 as i can in most games."
,Not Recommended,645630,33879416,Posted: 29 July,all,Shotgun Mike,"Currently the game is broken. There are plenty of UI bugs that lock you out from gameplay where you cannot even save and quit (basically lose progress since last saved game). Avoid until it gets patched out. It also has horrible framerate (20fps) on any setting over 'Medium' @ GTX970. This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Game in this state should not have been released. Currently going through refund process.UPDATE:I've got the game refunded. Few days later I bought it again because I want to support a Polish developer. I'm also Polish. Just felt like a thing to do. Yes, they patched a lot since my initial purchase but it's still long way to go. It's much more playable but there's still one thing hanging.The screws on the opposite side of the vehicle are being turned the wrong way when unscrewing. I mean it's a game where unscrewing/screwing is the essence. It's a tiny detail but still how can a game like this get it wrong? For ♥♥♥♥ sakes guys."
,Not Recommended,645630,34006715,Posted: 3 August,all,Fire Lake,I cant even get it to run
,Not Recommended,645630,34008368,Posted: 3 August,all,EagleEye,"Absolutely horrible. Buggy, incomplete, clunky, just all around bad."
76561198145709616,Recommended,645630,33904672,Posted: 30 July,all,transformers4,"the graphics are awsome like the trailer , its more complicated and thats make it great ,the new tools are very good ,ofcourse  has lot of bugs  because the game has been released 4 days ago but they fix them quickly"
76561197967505604,Recommended,645630,33889716,Posted: 29 July,all,murf,"I bought this game and the 2 DLCs today and have played it for nearly 8 hours without a single problem.I'm playing on Ultra with a 970 GTX graphics card and an old i7, and I'm not seeing any of the lagging or black screens mentioned in other reviews. Maybe I'm lucky.This is my first time playing game from the ""Car Mechanic"" series and I must say I'm very impressed. It's an easy game to get into and addictive. I am now an expert at taking wheels off. :)I'm looking forward to the time I can buy a car from a barn sale and do it up."
,Recommended,645630,33876667,Posted: 29 July,all,Daniel-Honda.NSR,"1. Please dissable Mouse acceleration2. Enable so u can use 1, 2 and 3 to switch between Assebly, disassebly and examine mode3. An option to dissable the ""zoom in while screw"" like 2015"
76561198254253865,Not Recommended,645630,34039024,Posted: 5 August,all,Pumped Up Lizard,"This is one of the greatest games i've ever tried on Steam. The game is a very realistic game that is quite interesting. The Only bad part is that it is pretty confusing and you pretty much have to be a machanic to understand and know where everything is. Because in the tutorial, they dont explain anything you need to know. It's sort of like, ""OK, heres the game fix the car, and get out of here."" It took me 1 day to fix one of the cars, figuring out that I had missed a piece deep in the engine. So it took me another 45 minutes to dissasemble the engine to add the piece. This game is great but wait for the game to be more developed in the future. Overall it's a great game, but because of my reasons, im going to have to not recommend it at the moment. Please fix."
76561198138576020,Recommended,645630,33862296,Posted: 28 July,all,Holy_Wobbles,The lauch of the game wasnt the best but i still have high hopes for this game! It does have a few bugs and performance problems but im sure theyll be ironed out quickly. The game has very much improved compared to 2015. Would recommend!!
,Not Recommended,645630,33883924,Posted: 29 July,all,Wolfensteinn attacked a teammate,"Avoid like the plague until the game is ""OPTIMALIZATIONED"" (an actual word the devs used). More than likely all the HDR, shading, and motion blur effects that were added will have to be removed because they don't know how to work with them.BY THE WAY - most of the new cars are re-done versions from 2015, and the only REAL cars are the Mazdas and Dodge's which are only accessible through release day DLC."
76561198261499407,Not Recommended,645630,33941034,Posted: 31 July,all,ericweller841,if you do not have a high powered pc DO NOT BUY i can not play or get a refund
,Not Recommended,645630,33967807,Posted: 2 August,all,dantedmc27,"I played Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 which was a really good game and I was expecting the same level of detail and gameplay on this game, so once I noticed the sale promotion in my inventory I go to look on this page to see how much it is and bought it. Once the game had finished downloading I started to play the game, I noticed there was lots of lag so I changed the settings to make it run a bit more smooth. So I then got into the game, bought a Bolt started to take the engine out and fix all the damaged parts on the car. Then I noticed when I had put the new Flywheel onto the crankshaft the flywheel was floating off! I then get around to fixing the wheels back on and I noticed that where you screw the wheel onto was not matching up with the brake disc! This game looks like it has been mashed together, When you want to place a part onto the car it says ""Hold Left-Click to take off part"" - Take off part?! It should be Place part. I did enjoy playing this game but in the state it is currently in I would not recommend it until all the glitches and bugs are fixed, I could go on for ages about all the bugs and glitches I found in the 5 hours of playing it."
76561198358782970,Not Recommended,645630,33980560,Posted: 2 August,all,theevolver9,The new user interface causes many problems
76561198091358452,Recommended,645630,34032650,Posted: 5 August,all,ts0701,"well since its release last friday, its come a long way from being unplayable to playable. ive allready put in a lot of hours and i havent met any gamebreaking bugs.. they update the game a least once a day wich is good.. i must say compared to cms 2015 that this one is much better, its very detailed, a lot more cars, controls are a bit different, well if you were holding back your monye, i would say that now is the time to buy this game.. good job you guys at red dot games.. love this game.."
76561198354439218,Recommended,645630,34060489,Posted: 6 August,all,ZACKVANHORN15,i do recommend this game to other people
76561198231402284,Recommended,645630,33860577,Posted: 28 July,all,Ben,It needs some work but it's the only the first day it will be a good game.
76561198071525313,Recommended,645630,33865802,Posted: 28 July,all,Ce20,"Car Mechanic Simulator 2018It got more content than i expected. The details with rubber bushings in the controll arms was a nice new thing to be able do. Like the piston rings and conrod caps, tools to remove the springs and so on.All the new upgrades from CMS 15 to CMS 18 is helping it on to be more of a detailed simulator and you can learn more so that you could do it you're self on you'r real car.I helped both CMS 14 and CMS 15 with there kickstarter's and have loved every moment with the games.I have seen all the upgrades and everyting that the game creators have done to the early games, and i see a bright future for CMS 18The problem i have with CMS 18You can't drive a car on to the Path tester so you can find out where there are problems on the suspension and brakes.Some cars have problem with: putting parts on cars, not being able to get out from assembly mode.Some parts have changed texture like: I4 valve top changed to a swaybar A. That is just funny and not something that wil stop you from fixing a car and finish the order.The game like it stands now it works for me. I have found some bugs that make many stop playing, but i have tested to see if i can play while going around the bugs and it works most of the time.I'm gonna give the game like it stands now a score 7/10.When the game have got all the bugs fixed, then will i change the score and the view of the game.Keep on making good games like this ( without the bugs of course )."
76561198048240350,Recommended,645630,33870210,Posted: 28 July,all,Kirby,"so after playing a solid hour of the game i havent come across any issues with the game at all, at first the tutorial was very bad eg fps drops and that but after i got out of the tutorial i was getting solid 60 fps. im sure there will be a few bugs here and there but for a first impression i think this game is really good."
76561198129062892,Recommended,645630,33907184,Posted: 30 July,all,DarkSunRises,"Great game! Kind of buggy but from what i can tell they are working hard to fix all the bugs. Highly recommend to anyone and to all those people complaining, PATIENCE!!! The game obviously isnt finished yet but its not like it wont ever be finished."
76561198116690550,Recommended,645630,34029809,Posted: 4 August,all,ANTEK PKI,"50 hours of gameplay,yes this game was launch full of bugs,but Red dot is fixing like maddness, after a week patching i can see this game a lot of potential.grab it while the discount last."
76561198137044481,Recommended,645630,34033489,Posted: 5 August,all,DannyG,Premium gameplay at a premium price. Very enjoyable.
76561198407249179,Recommended,645630,34033894,Posted: 5 August,all,analyticalpoo,"That was the tutorial?! In all seriousness, this is a definite fun game. It definitely has some things that need ironing over but all in all, a solid time killer.I had some issues with starting up as not everything is spoonfed to you but I did learn a lot more about the game as I just muscled through it... then it bugged out in the test path. I couldn't figure out why nothing was working when I got my wheels on the brake check and after a few minutes of searching, I was forced to Alt+F4 out of the game, luckily, it had autosaved not long before I went in so I only had to re attach a door and move it back to the test path and it worked fine.This car I had worked for 4 hours over was worth over $40,000... then the tutorial ended and it was stolen from me. I was a little heart broken, sure, but now it was time to get into the real meat of the game, taking on jobs as a real mechanic and fixing the everyday Joe's problems... then the screen went black and it crashed.Personally, the bugs are minimal at best for me, but someone who might expect a little more from the franchise might be bothered but it is definitely a good game worth checking out for the low price tag of $19.99. Make the decision for yourself, don't not buy it if you like the appeal but are worried about the bugs, development takes time and money and they can't fix problems without support from purchases."
,Not Recommended,645630,34113980,Posted: 8 August,all,[11B]Sufferingisfree,"This game should be in Alpha not full release. Lots of stuff missing. Many parts of the game dont work yet. They went with the whole broken game release, like the rest of the money grubbers. Probably wont have a real finished game until next year. Stay away till then......"
,Not Recommended,645630,33964740,Posted: 1 August,all,Cole2999,"Let's cut to the chase:Pros:- Graphics- Similar to CMS 2015 in part mechanics- DrivingCons:- Controls- Movement- Controls.- GUIs- CONTROLSThis game can be summed up by one word (and a few synonyms): slow. Laggy. Delay-heavy. Hindering.For the simple fact I don't want to hurt individuals, I refrain from calling spefic team members (i.e lighting guy, or driving guy, both of which did phenom jobs I may add) stupid, idiotic, sadistic, f*cked up in the head. And believe me, I would have choice words for those individuals were they not human. But that they are, humans with emotions and with mushy brains (not an insult to them, but humanity, rather). So I'll try not to attack anyone directly.Now, let's break it down a little more...At it's core, the problem with CMS 2018 is they pandered to their console audience to gain new buyers, as they knew they had the PC market. I don't blame them for this, it's a smart business practice to focus on new platforms. What they failed to do, though, was provide an enjoyable experience onanyplatform.I started by playing with mouse and keyboard. Tutorial was more annoying and hindering than helpful. I made it through, however, and picked up my controller for some driving. A+ on that.After driving comes the actual game. Immediately returning CMS players will have difficulty figuring out how to open a menu, as the tutorial failed to tell me (or maybe I was too irritated by it to notice, admittedly). I quickly figured out RMB will open the radial. And let me state this: as bad as the radial menu is (which it really isn't too bad, it only slows you down slightly), the rest of the control scheme is far worse.Movement is a chore. One of the devs though it'd be a good idea, a feature, to include this sort of half-step delay whenever you start walking. Like the tutorial and like the radial menu, it's not so much hindering as it is infuriating. Deeply and wildly infuriating. It's like you get up from your desk, ready to go grab a banana from the kitchen counter, go to take a step, and it's in slow motion. There's no cause for it, other than making me write a whole god damn paragraph b*tching about a stupid insignificant delay.The controls are vastly different from CMS 2015. Gone are the days of going from assemble to disassemble mode in the click of a button, and taking apart a piece by simply holding a button. No, now here's what happens:- right click to take off wheel- realize that now ""look at"" and ""do"" are both attached to LMB rather than LMB and RMB, respectively, so now you have to click LMB, wait a half-second, then wait another second for each lug.- lugs are off, wheel's off. Time to separate tires from rims (it's worth noting that while separating tires from rims is tedium, it may largely be due to my inexperience, my double-balancing wheels, and just good gameplay. I liked this facet of the game)- mate new tires and old rims- remount wheels- realize that right-clicking is no longer ""do""- realize that even though right-clicking is no longer ""do"" it'd have mattered not because I was in disassembly mode- easy enough, take it out of disassembly mode- realize '2' is no longer assembly mode- figure out it's probably on the radial now. it is- right click to select assembly and accidentally close the radial- tab to open radial. sh*t- right click to reopen radial- click assembly mode- put wheel onI am not exaggerating any part of that. In fact, I left out the part where, before I knew where assembly mode was, I said ♥♥♥♥ it and held LMB on the center of where the wheel would be, removed the cap. That's when I figured out the assembly mode through sheer frustration, accidentally switched on and off assembly mode multiple times and fumbled whilst trying to put on two simple f*cking parts.So I've now nearly completed the job and can't figure out how to open the oil drain plug to do oil. I put the oil catch underneath (which, having that be a choice is kinda meh for me. It took time, and it's a thing you wouldn't normally need to do in the real world where you have stereoscopic vision, but lining up the drain was part of the way of things. oh well), and fumble for a minute trying to undo it. I give up and take off the oil pan instead, eating the $100. I then go to move the oil catch and notice that ""Use oil catch"" is now an option rather than unbolting the plug.It's at this point I've already decided I'm refunding the game. I decide, ""Well, I'm saying this is clearly made for controller, so I should give it a fair chance on controller.""Holy.F*cking.Atrocity.There has nary been a worse control scheme in the ♥♥♥♥ing world. Instead of making things fluid by putting ""look at"" on the left trigger and ""do"" on the right, they stuck to their guns and put them both on the same button, A.That would at least livable, if they didn't make the cursor axis the right thumbstick. What I'm trying to say is you move the camera with the left thumbstick, and use the right thumbstick as a cursor. And in order to select anything, you have to stop pointing with your thumb. It sounds stupid in writing, but I implore you to spend 2 minutes with this system and not curse yourself and shatter your controller and/or monitor.And the radial menu is the same. I cannot even believe I'm saying this, but they've somehow created a radial menu that is more sh*t for controllers than it is mouse.I cannot even give the conditions upon which this would be a good game, as they would need to completely and totally throw out the entire control scheme for both mouse and keyboard.There's also the fact they've already got two pieces of DLC (for $5? It may be $4) that only add two cars each. Admittedly, I'd love to see the Wankel engines one of the DLCs add, but you'd need to actually play to do so. No, the point of me bringing this up is the fact that they've already got DLC on launch day. Are we really to that point? Now, listen, I do understand you need to get money for the licensing fees for using Dodge and Mazda's names and likenesses in-game. But you couldn't even wait a week? I mean, I guess it's smart. You knew no one would be sticking around with this pile of sh*t a week after launch, so you wanted to get them to buy DLC ASAP.Steer clear. Steer far clear.Maybe this will be a good game.Maybe. But I'm not holding my breath, and neither should you."
76561197985599268,Recommended,645630,33889681,Posted: 29 July,all,mjmdotcom,"after having played the previous titles many hours, I had to try this one. All the added interaction items and added steps is very nice although the frame rate makes it almost unplayable. the response of the cursor is extremely laggy and requires too precise a target to interact with anything, I got halfway through the first job and just couldnt take it anymore. I will keep an eye open on this one to see if the frame ate gets fixed or at least ported better for PC. I really really wanted to like this one as I did the others but right now im on the fence and the DLC will have to wait until this is fixed.  But it does look great and appears it will be fun once its enjoyable and less of a job to play. I will recommend because I believe the devs will get around to fixing this soon at least I hope so."
76561197999993513,Recommended,645630,34443701,Posted: 23 August,all,Gally -right click 2 watch-,"Short Version- If you enjoy the satisfaction of figuring out a mechanical issue or taking a junker and making it new, this could be the game for you. This is a game you need towantto play. It is very tedious and grind heavy. The end game is where the fun actually starts.Long Version- As I'm sure you've heard, this game got off to a rocky start. Many bugs and issues, some which still persist. Honestly it should have been called an open Alpha or whatever. Even so, the devs have been constantly releasing updates to fix bugs and add new content. I won't say they purposefully released an unfinished, buggy mess but they have been working hard to fix it.GameplayEssentially, the gameplay can be boiled down to this - you recieve a car and it has some issue. The order might have a list of parts you need to replace, or it might be vague and you'll have to figure it out. It's not hard to find the issue, just look for anything that looks rusted and repair or replace the parts. To restore a junker to pristine condition, you basically have to take the entire car apart, repair what you can and replace all the missing parts.Honestly, it's not very in-depth. It's incredibly simplified compared to actual wrenching, so much so that I still don't think it should be called a simulator but then again if it was realistic everything would takeso much time and effortthat nobody would want to play it. So for a game, I think they did alright. Even just some more animations that make it feel like actual wrenching is happening instead of the parts just vanishing would help the immersion factor.Many cars share generic parts. I can understand if some cars of the same make shared parts but the V8 OHV engine is in at least 4 different makes. But implementing make-specific parts would slow down gameplay more than it already is and make it even more tedious. On the flip side, that would enhance the immersion factor but would also make the game more niche. So again I can see why the devs made it this way.Once you take a few cars apart, you'll see that pretty much every car in the game is the same and you'll be able to take a fully assembled car apart in under 10 mins. Fully restoring a car might take an hour total if you don't have all the parts you need in stock.It's basically take part off, put new part back on. Over and over and over...which is also what actual mechanics do.Graphics and soundI'd say the game is pretty good in both ways. I didn't expect Gran Turismo level of realism but it looks good and sounds good. The music is nice until the 3rd hour of listening to it then you're better off muting it and just turning on a Youtube playlist or something. It's a great game to play while listening to podcasts.PerformanceThis game chugs along at about 45fps for me, dropping down to 25 or less if I look at too many cars in the garage at once. This is slightly annoying but not too bad since it doesn't really matter in this game. I however wish there were more graphics options for me to change, as of now it's very limited. That bloom is blindingly bright at times, like I've never seen an engine block with a mirror finish. On higher end PC's this might not be an issue. You can see my buildhereand compare it to your own.Final OpinionThis is a game that you have towantto play. If you aren't into this kind of game then do not get it. If you are, then it's a great thing and fun for the first few hours until you realise how intense and mind-numbing the grind will be to get the good perks that make the game actually fun. I'd say wait for a sale as I did, but the DLC's don't really add much value unless you like rotary Mazdas. Otherwise the base game is just fine.So even after all of that critisism you might want to leave a comment asking me why I still recommend this game. Well because for what it is, and what it wants to do, it's actually quite good. There are very few other games like this, My Summer Car being the only game with remotely similar gameplay that comes to mind."
76561198318940391,Recommended,645630,35126874,Posted: 22 September,all,BOSSMAN61,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!! 694202142 OUT OF 10 STARSVERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
76561197966443009,Not Recommended,645630,35217493,Posted: 26 September,all,Cantora,"Great Concepts - Poorly Executed.  In general: A rush to produce has left a LOT to be desired.I bought the game a while ago and after 5 minutes of trying to play I quit, as there were too many oversights that I could not get my head around (No option to invert mouse, seriously?). But I realised the devs would fix it and instead of leaving a frustrated and annoyed review, I'd give it a shot. Why? I played the previous  CMS and loved it. I did not want to bag the game off the bat without giving it a proper chance.Fast forward to the last couple of weeks. The game is great and it has several new aspects that really impress me. The major problem is that whilst they pushed all these wonderful ideas out, they did not tie them together properly.Because of this, the game adds a level of frustration that should non-existant.A lot of these issues revolve around the notes system. The game adds the ability to add notes so you know what parts need to be replaced when you go to the shop. This is great, but the major issue with this is that it only works for parts that are already on the car and only works inside the garage.When you spend quite a bit of time unlocking all the tools so you can figure out all the things that are wrong with the car, there's no way to add these to the notes system so you know what to look for in the market. you have to manually right click on the part thats faulty, click on the note button, and click add.  If you take the part of by mistake you then have to switch to the mode to add the part back and then right click, etc. This makes buying replacement parts frustrating and painstaking.The game added the ability to go to the junk yard and buy cars and find parts. This is such a great idea, but the major problem is that the cars you buy have lots of missing parts.  The note taking system does not work with this. This makes trying to repair cars frustrating and painstaking.Like the previous game, you can go to the auction to buy cars. this is great. However, the cars have a preset value that AI bidders will *always* bid to. This value is usually 5x the value of the starting bid. As the bid goes up in small increments you have to listen to the annoying bidding sounds for quite a while before you can win the car. Like the above, this makes trying to bid for cars frustrating and painstaking.I really like a lot of the aspects to this game and think there is a lot of potential, however  the oversights I have pointed out are things that everyone who has played the game has noted (as I can see from the forums) and that anyone testing the game would probably have come to realise. This makes me think the game was rushed out for the $ instead of hte user experience.  This is a bit of a shame.At this stage I have to stop playing the game as I have come to the point where having to sit with an excel spreadsheet open and manually write in the parts I need on my second monitor is getting a bit frustrating and painstaking.I don't play games because I like to be frustrated by putting in unnecessary effort. Hopefully I can update this review in the near future when I give it another shot, hoping the game has become more streamline and simulates a car mechanic."
,Not Recommended,645630,34136379,Posted: 9 August,all,TheManInDbox,"Loved this game until the update tonight which broke the ability to retain parts, so you buy them, and about 30 seconds after, no part, and no money.. i have blown about 15k to do a full brake job that should have been about 250.00 it's really annoying.. so no more playing this until they patch the game.."
76561198042593429,Recommended,645630,33880051,Posted: 29 July,all,Grunt Cthulhu,"The game is fantastic! Even with the bugs in this first release, Its leaps and bounds better than CMS2015 which shows great progress on the developers part. I'm very impressed how much faster cars and levels seem to load in this version and the details have even improved.I agree, there are some improvments still on the table but I refuse to call this an ""unfinished game"". The steam platform allows the developers to push updates as soon as they fix them, so I have no doubt the games going to get better every patch.To the dev. team, well done and good luck on the patches. And maybe don't make the upcoming DLC so expensive like cms15, that hurt cms15's value for me pretty bad."
76561198171269765,Not Recommended,645630,34163978,Posted: 11 August,all,Iwannapissonyou,This game was too laggy on my computer. I am able to play other games that require alot of ram but this one didn't work that well for me. I would like to return this game if possible. I have 100 minutes play time on it. It took forever to get the progress that I have and it isn't that much. I wish this game would work better on my computer but unfortunately it doesn't and I don't have the money to buy a new computer with a better graphics card and more ram. Thank you. Please help me return this if you can.
,Recommended,645630,33872056,Posted: 28 July,all,Spencer,"Game came with bugs as majority of games do, however team is working to fix everything asap even on a weekend. 10/10 dev team tbh"
,Recommended,645630,33876036,Posted: 29 July,all,Mr.Mayhem,"Such a shame people expect games like this to be flawless at launch. Even tripple A studios like rockstar has huge problems at launch with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugs. I played CMS 2015 and i enjoyed it a lot so i know what these guys here are able to create. Right now the devs are working around 14 hours a day to fix all the release bugs so the game will be in perfect shape ASAP. Have a bit of respect guys and just wait a couple more days. I cant play in my own language right now because of a bug, so what? i am just gonna wait a couple more days till they fix it. I am 100% this game will be perfect in no time and you can play it for god knows how long."
76561197970792648,Not Recommended,645630,33880247,Posted: 29 July,all,Dregger,Can't even finish one build without it bugging or freezing up. Hope you fix soon cause it seems like a  fun game. This game is far from complete dont waste you time or your money what a shame.
,Not Recommended,645630,33881271,Posted: 29 July,all,MangoPlayzz{RFX},I have only played the game for 15mins so far but the optimisation so bad the controls need getting used to though i hope that the optimisation can get fixed soon so that everyone can enjoy good FPS.so far my review is negative
,Recommended,645630,34035808,Posted: 5 August,all,VansArrow,all good now! just buy it
,Not Recommended,645630,34238844,Posted: 14 August,all,madoc4214,No way to change something as basic as the Field of View.
76561198031128870,Recommended,645630,34032655,Posted: 5 August,all,MadDog,"Great game running, 1070 full  75 fraps."
,Not Recommended,645630,34350713,Posted: 19 August,all,isecore,"This will be a great game, later. I've been holding off on writing a review to give devs time to fix bugs - to their credit they have but so far, this game hasn't mezmerised me in the same way as the predecessor did. On launch, the game was incredibly buggy and a very poor performer. After numerous patches, the game is still a fairly poor performer but it has less bugs.Most of the gameplay is quite boring and it's filled with weird bugs. Admittedly, a lot of these have been ironed out but there's still a few left which puts a major damper on the players enthusiasm.Things I like about this game: Devs have made the mechanic-stuff more realistic. Now you have to actually disassemble springs, wheels and do proper oil-changes. Game is visually excellent, with more realistic graphics and realistic views of the vehicles.Things I do not like: Slow and laggy performance - I have twin 1080s and there's no SLI-profile and on one 1080 the game is really struggling to hit 60 fps. The UI is very unintuitive and obtuse. Settings for controls are non-existent so it's a steep learning curve.All in all, the game promises too much and delivers quite little. There's too much grind involved, doing the same stuff over and over - and there's no rewards such as being able to mod vehicles. Like I said in the beginning, the game hasn't got me hooked and I feel that there's too much grind involved before it starts being fun. With that said, there's a lot of promise and I think that in maybe 6-7 months I might revisit this game and see if the performance issues, bugs and gameplay have been improved. As it stands, I cannot recommend it."
76561197988974483,Recommended,645630,34243826,Posted: 14 August,all,General_Kontextuell,"Question to devs and pubs, why even release a game with major game breaking bugs still there. Why do that???Why bring the game out of """"early access/beta blabla"""" when still major issues??? Why why why why???I am really really done with half finished games and i am done supporting devs and publishers doing this.You know what, we should turn the tables around now.Its time that devs and publishers release a game, we get to play it and then THEY can wait for us to pay them for the game for months and years just like WE have to WAIT for patches to finish a game that should have bee finished in the first place.And to top it all, just as we pay about half the money for the game, we should then ABANDON you and not pay the rest, just like you (most devs these days) abandon your games saying it finished or whatever the reason.Yeah this is what we should start doing to all these devs and especially GREEDY publishersBtw i like this game =)"
,Not Recommended,645630,33864159,Posted: 28 July,all,H40p,"1. Terrible Optimization, I run the game on medium for 60fps, maybe I could do it on high. But when I am on Ultra I get 40fps.2. No mouse settings at all. I don't want this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ acceleration, I don't even understand why that is a feature people put into video games in the first place.3. The main menu UI is just gross, the way you navigate it, and the way it looks. Just complete trash.I liked where it was going, but until these things are fixed, I don't see myself playing this game."
,Not Recommended,645630,33876880,Posted: 29 July,all,Archeagus,"Have to agree with the sentiment of others. I saw the negative reviews, the observations regarding optimization. I thought I could weather the performance hit to play the follow-up to one of my favorite games. But unfortunately, CMS2018 is unplayable in its current state. Not only is the framerate unoptimized and staggered, but the controls are just as sluggish and broken. There is a good half second or longer latency from the time you click or interact with a model to the time the game responds. The game looks to offer an intense amount of improvements and features over the previous version, but it is all mired behind a poorly written mess of a core engine.I really hope they can get their performance issues sorted because I would really like to play this game, but it is absolutely untennable right now. If I wasn't so biased towards the last game, I have no doubt I would refund my purchase seeing this game in this state."
,Not Recommended,645630,33959409,Posted: 1 August,all,MattyOlav,It's so bugged that looks like it was developed by EA.
76561197982833337,Not Recommended,645630,34313322,Posted: 17 August,all,RatBastage,"Love the game, feels great. However it still has game breaking bugs.Ran into one the wont allow me to complete the repair on a car despite all broken parts being replaced. Seems moronic dev added a requirement that all replaced parts must be 100% quality. This means if you removed say all 4 break calipers to get at other parts, but only 1 break caliper needed to be replaced, it will not count the broken one repaired unless you put the 100% part on the one that was broken. Never mind the 10% part has been removed from the car. It still acts like it still has the broken part somewhere.This could be fixed very easily as EVERY other repair in the whole game sets the minimum part level to the base part level of the car. I have a car that is all 61% (Base) or 100% (New) but cant complete because a rubber bushing somewhere was a 10% but I managed to replace one of the old 61% bushings with the new 100% bushing and the broken bushing with a 61%.And of course the game gives you NO WAY of knowing which parts were the broken parts so good luck figuring out which of the many duplicated parts need replacing. I THINK I can fix this buy spending about $3,000 on parts and striping the car to the frame, then rebuilding the whole thing. All because the devs are too lazy to check the story missions have the same settings as all other missions."
76561198137502324,Not Recommended,645630,34043741,Posted: 5 August,all,Kubix,I wanted to wait with this review until developers will repair game but it gonna take maybe even year and after that much time game will be worth 5 euro on sales so i thought this review might help you because unfortunately i cant refund this game but i really would love to do this because everytime i go to game after every update its still not playable so i just payed 17 euro for trash because game looks like totally rushed there are bugs and glitches which breakes game and in most of situations orders which are main reason of playing this game cannot be finished and you are stuck with glitched car in your garage and you cant progress with story so you wait days after days and just hope they will fix glitch which you got
76561198168690505,Not Recommended,645630,34285344,Posted: 16 August,all,✡KINGELI✡,"It's a good game with great potential but they should never released it in this state, or at least put EA tag on it.I'm gonna thumb it down for now till they fix everything."
,Recommended,645630,33882596,Posted: 29 July,all,Merican,"I am going to be reasonable unlike most reviews I have seen. Addressing un-optimization, Obviously they need to do some fixes for that, and I am sure they will. But I can truly not tell the difference between Ultra, High, or even Medium. Addressing the bugs. Anyone who expected this game to come out and be perfectly fine needs to take a step back andd think about how there was no testing for this game prior to launch so the launch was the testing. Red Dot has been patching multiple times since launch in less than 24 hours so to say that they are selling a POS that they do not care about is a slap in the face to them, and the people that are looking for honest reviews."
,Recommended,645630,33973842,Posted: 2 August,all,Black Vision,"I love the game so far, But i would really like to have the option to turn off autozoom when mounting/unmounting parts, it´s driving me nuts.otherwise keep up the good work."
,Recommended,645630,34303894,Posted: 17 August,all,Da7man,"OK, this game was delayed a week and when it came out it had a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugs but now after probably a million patches the game works like it should its amazing i have a GTX 960m and on medium i get like 40fps and more dont read any old reviews because the game has changed and now i have 0 problems with it :) its worth every penny"
76561198011984060,Not Recommended,645630,34376898,Posted: 20 August,all,man eating fruit salad,"I gave this game more than ample time to get it's act together, and it hasn't.I'm running a 1070, and i'm getting 18fps on medium. The game is THAT badly optimized. Also you have to reset your video settings each time you open the game. Add to that the almost 3 minute loading screens.You can't paint cars till maybe 40ish hours of grinding? 30? But i've been going like gangbusters, i'm at level 20ish, and you need to be lvl 45 to do something as basic as bodywork and painting.I can't even work on cars anymore on my 20 hour profile, because a car with a mysterious problem is taking up my lifters. Everything is above the repair limit, but i'm still getting an error message ""Car is in worse condition than when it came in"" because the devs decided to take out the ability to send out an unfinished car from previous games.This would have been a fantastic game if the developers had actually tested the game before releasing it, instead of pushing out a flaming dumpster of an unoptimized mess of a codepile that they call ""Car mechanic simulator 2018"".Under no circumstances should you pay anything for this game, If you are gifted it, move it to your ""unplayable trash"" pile."
,Recommended,645630,33876609,Posted: 29 July,all,msa,the best game of all car mechanic gamesthay put alot of things to do and more way to fix the car and alot of place to visitthey make it unbored game not like CMS 2015 seriesreally nice gameLast Thing : ده انقليزي ده ي مرسي
,Not Recommended,645630,33994134,Posted: 3 August,all,joeygrimm93,"They have removed all content that was promised as a base game, and are trying to sell it as a DLC! This game is bearly functional worst $20 ever spent DO NOT BUY!!!"
,Recommended,645630,33974300,Posted: 2 August,all,chris-the-boss14,love the gamemy garage dosent work on my save and the screen goes black
76561198101891502,Recommended,645630,34118730,Posted: 8 August,all,Yung life alert,uhhhhhh idki eat♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,645630,33939950,Posted: 31 July,all,ldsskier,"Game extremely choppy on my system (Windows 10, AMD A8-7600 with 32Gb RAM on an SSD and NVIDIA GeGorce GT 710 graphics card). Even the mouse movements were sluggish, only bearable if I played within a 1024x768 window.Refund was requested and received. If the game is ever optimized and performance becomes reasonable I would like to give it another chance."
76561198091083193,Recommended,645630,33899355,Posted: 30 July,all,VololooMan,"Overall this game is good.There are way more parts compared to the 2015 version. Nice selection of different cars. I like the way they set up the skill tree. Upgrading the garage is good but this time you can't change the color of it. For some people even fully upgraded garage may feel too dark.I haven't had problems with the game but i can't get over the pie chart menu.I'm hoping they will add hotkeys for the game like they did for 2015. UI feels like its made for gamepads, it's very clunky. You can't quickly change assembly/disassembly modes like in previous game.There is no advanced menu for graphics. You can only choose presets and vsync/fullscreen. I like to play games with high/ultra settings and turn off motion blur. For some games also bloom and depth of field.Tutorial is not the best in the world. If you don't go up to everything you can miss something important like wheel balancer.I haven't had performance issues myself but if you don't like bugs just wait couple days until it gets better. Developers are updating the game alot.Pros:- Alot of different cars.- Improved graphics.- Developers are very active.Cons:- Console centric UI.- Tutorial is not great for beginners.- No advanced graphics menu.- No keybindings."
,Recommended,645630,34118188,Posted: 8 August,all,LJEJ,Good Game just has a few flaws but the devlopers are trying to fix them all
76561198023630218,Recommended,645630,33897717,Posted: 29 July,all,Tyrant0208,"I would 100% reccomend this game to people I would reccomend it to anyone for that matter not because of the game its self but because of the dedication of the hard working developers that made this game they spent as much time on this game to deliver something the fans and community desire and dreamt of while playing CMS14 and CMS15. They listened to the people suggestions and hopes for dlc and updates they followed through in no time. They might not be a big developer but I'll say this they deliver better and faster than any developer I've seen over the years and especially recently. Now this game does come with some glitches but so does any game but the developers are working like clock work pushing out updates every few hours and taking in all of our problems, for a staff team of 15 people, it takes passion and heart to do what they do for this game and the people who are in the community. This game is the best of the series even with the bugs. They'll have everything fixed in no time. I hope anyone reading this can see the game for what it is and the heart and passion the developer team put into this. I'm sure it would mean a lot to them after all the backlash they got that they didn't deserve. Thank you."
,Recommended,645630,33858333,Posted: 28 July,all,Random Kunoichi,"EDIT: No crashes so far, been fixing 3 cars now without any bugs or issues... the interface is fine actually, I got no issue with it. Performance is at 60fps at medium 1080p. Result may vary but hey, I am happy for now.EDIT 2: They been patching this game DAILY and it's looking great! I started to really enjoy this game now...EDIT 3: It's actually going forward. I would still say to hold on for 1 week. Passed around 12 hours of gameplay, some minor bugs, some small crashes.They seem to have fixed the crashes on my side. The game plays and that's the important thing, right? Right?Will update for more info when I find out.I would say, buy this to wait and see about he performance."
,Not Recommended,645630,33894282,Posted: 29 July,all,[BigD] JCNZL64,DO NOT BUY THIS YET!I have played 80+ hours of car simulator 2015 which is a great game.I bought this game with the DLC so I could work on the rotary Mazda cars.I have grinded twice now to get the money and XP so I could buy an rx3 or rx7. Anyone who has played these games knows the grind you have to do to get money etc.I HAVE 6 HOURS INTO THIS GAME AND IT HAS CORRUPTED MY SAVE PROFILES TWICE. THE LAST UPDATE MADE MY SAVES UNLOADABLE AND IT FREEZES ON THE LOADING SCREEN.Save yourself the frustration and leave this game alone until the bugs are fixed.
76561197987636171,Recommended,645630,34438686,Posted: 23 August,all,Amokk,I bought this game three days after its release. I had read all the bad stuff people were saying about all the bugs and such but took the leap anyhow. I knew going in what to expect and held off on a review. I have to day I have never seen a company go after bugs in a game so ruthlessly. Patch after patch after patch. This is what you want to see in a game developer. As for the game itself it has gotten better with every patch and I have no fear it will continue to do so.If you are sitting on the fence about buying CMS 2018 I say buy it. THe way the devs are working it will end up being an awesome bug free game.
,Recommended,645630,34491976,Posted: 25 August,all,Cazban,"updates are still coming, but I am enjoying this game.  If you want a slightly simplified car mechanic sim, this is just perfect.  You get all the details that make it cool.  Wrench noises, especially the sounds of pulling a wheel/rim off and the impact driver sounds, way cool.  I would like access to the body shop sooner but it does give me something to look forward to as I unlock more shop improvments.Starting with a single bay shop with access to lifts and a repair bench right away is cool.  I like the ""web-look"" for parts shopping and how they are divided up into the different product lines: Tires at one ""web-store"" to body panels at then next, etc.Thanks for the great fun times!"
76561198071082039,Recommended,645630,34514479,Posted: 26 August,all,ysu2222new,"So, Car Mechanic Simulator 2018. I have to start out by saying the game is perfect. The major aspect of the game that impresses me is buying damaged cars, fixing them up, and selling at a profit. And, there are mutiple ways to do that! First I have to admit that I cracked the game because of the XP issue. I was not going to wait till LVL 30 to fix the body of A car I bought. I think the welder should be dropped to around 10-15XP.  Barns are a great addition to the game, I just wished they respawned.  But, it is ok because the junkyard respawns immediately after you leave it. New cars there if you go back right away. And, then there's auctions!  Since I cracked the game auctions are the best! You buy a car, take it to the shop, and run the test path test course and all other examination tests on it.  Fix the issues, clean the interior, and straiten out the body issues.  You will make a profit everytime!So, for you guys out there against cracking the game, I understand.  I only do to see if the game is worth playing. I role-play characters, such as make different profiles who are guys that only work on certain cars. So have played multiple characters without cracking the game.  For new players story missions give lots of money and XP. To train up XP faster I take a mission and strip the entire car. Then rebuild it ground up adding in the parts needed to finish the order. Also, the engine crane and engine stand makes everything easier.  The crane removes the engine, then transfer to the stand.  Really easy to work on an engine that way! Transfer it back to the crane then into the car!   Thank you for all the hard work to all of you that wrote and developed the game and patch it!  Its an amazing game, and can't wait to see what you all do in the future!"
76561198255035440,Recommended,645630,34547007,Posted: 28 August,all,x4CyLiNdEr,"This is my first steam review, but I have logged 40 hours in this game. i see a lot of critism about this game.Yes when the game was suppose to be released the company delayed for whatever reason, and release was a aweek late. I was one of the many people that slammed them on facebook saying they lost a customer blah, blah, blah.I bought the game and upon release the game had many issues too many to list. Then i watched the first week as the developers worked endlessly rolling out around 10 patches the first week! They still roll out one every couple of days for minor stuff that i wouldnt notice unless i read the patch log.I highly recommend this game to anyone who loved CMS 2015, or has a thirst for car knowledge. The graphics are great, realism is spot on(i have an associates degree in auto mechanic), and the new features are amazing! i love this game! The developers have made it honestly one of my most enjoyable relaxing games!"
,Recommended,645630,34488616,Posted: 25 August,all,Just Samuel,"Meh, it's alright, taking too long to relase features for a full game, and once you have maximum upgraded garage, lower end computers tank frames..."
76561198093601128,Recommended,645630,34496530,Posted: 25 August,all,Horne Lord,After 60 hours finally reached level 30! Bit of a grind and somehow achievements have glitched and not registered through gameplay.Really like the game. Though halfway through my career had to recover my save file which took some time though I am led to believe the problem with some missions which created this issue has now been corrected.
76561198130355063,Recommended,645630,34268274,Posted: 15 August,all,KingKongKila,LLLLLLLLLLLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT BRRRROOOOOO
76561198064925453,Recommended,645630,34263361,Posted: 15 August,all,The Northern Viking,"I really love what these guys are doing, yes its a shame that the game got released in the state that it was inn, but they are doing a great job patching the game up to its full potential. I really believe that this is going to be a superb game once it is ""totally"" finished. So to ""Red Dot Games"" I say keep up the good work, and Im really looking forward to seeing what great things you guys can do with this game.P.S: Sorry if my English is bad, Im a Norwegian viking"
76561198176550839,Recommended,645630,34880292,Posted: 11 September,all,dodgem71,Surpassing CMS 2015 by miles
,Recommended,645630,34874366,Posted: 10 September,all,Greg,Great game so far! Lots of fun I just wish there were more video settings so I can get  higher FPS
,Not Recommended,645630,33868006,Posted: 28 July,all,[DA-DK]ShangXiq,Ive been waiting for the sequel to Car Mechanic 2015 for a long time... Look's as if i should have waited longer. Game has gone from a nice control interface to a highly frustrating one which made me quit the game after the first car.It's completely uncontrolable and they offer no settings for altering controls. No keys for changing mode anymore.In general a very messy way of disasembling cars and controlling operations.Clearly made for consoles not PC so if you dont own a console dont buy the game.Bye to another great game series going console only.
,Not Recommended,645630,33869371,Posted: 28 July,all,-TNT47-,"Im sorry but this game is unplayable as is .♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of bugs that i hope will be fixed in the next hours . I really dont want to keep this a negative review for a long time cause this game can be what its promised it would be.-Edit 1It's getting there . Alot of fixes and both the car salon and racing track are out. But until i get the performance dlc on my hands , this game remains a naked CMS2015"
76561198124129617,Not Recommended,645630,33861334,Posted: 28 July,all,dirtracer11j,Stay away until the bugs are worked out. Cannot even get to menu past loading screen.
,Not Recommended,645630,33867489,Posted: 28 July,all,=T$E= OveriderJustin,"Short Review(And hopefully effective for those looking to buy)Disclaimer - I myself purchased the Silver edition because I thought why not it's only a couple bucks more to get the dlc at a cheaper price.Now I have seen many reviews of people saying that the game does run like trash on some beastly computers which yes this is happening but to select people. (I may not have a beastly build but I happen to be one of those people(specs on my profile))Pros and Cons listed below (TL:DR) I do not recommend the game on release. Give it a week or two for the developers to put out some performance patches and bug fixes before buying this game. I believe once some of the issues will be fixed the game will be much more enjoyable. (Review will be changed once bugs and optimatization is fixed.)Developer Suggestion - Run game at Medium till optimization updates are pushed out.Pros -Achievements! (FINALLY)A new ui and way of traversing your toolsNew graphicsDifferent sized garagesSmall story(not really a story but consists of finding barnyard cars of classics and what not.)Cons (as of now)  -Music is very loud even at 30 (Default is 50 and goes to 100)BUG - When game is launched I receive two black screens one being a pop up then it turns to the intro.Graphic Settings are SIMPLE (Low to Ultra) with no setting to change shaders, anti-alliasing, ambience, etc...Walking (There seems to be a feature in the game when moving you start slow and you speed up after a second) - I dislike this even though it is meant to seem much more realistic."
,Recommended,645630,34402463,Posted: 21 August,all,GraysonDel,This game is finally polished and actually a blast to play you'll spend time building cars and taking them a part I've learned alot about the basics in cars with this game and I give this game 2 giant thumbs up!
76561198099303623,Recommended,645630,34404993,Posted: 21 August,all,luckoftheirish97,"its a great game, has a few bugs here and there. great game ... would recomend"
76561197974967868,Recommended,645630,34404471,Posted: 21 August,all,Minor Mayhem,"This game was a bit on the broken side on release but has come on in leaps and bounds since then. The next 2 or 3 patches should address any remaining issues though I have had none of the crashes or other issues since the last patch dropped. If you liked the last game this one takes what was there and builds on it quite well, adding a little more depth and a greater range of things to do. It is still missing a few critical items however the developer is in the process of getting these remaining features wiorking as originally intended. As you can see I have 87 hours in the game and have hit a point where I had to stop playing till Parking expansion has been added, which is coming in the next patch apparently. However I have enjoyed all my time so far spent in this game. Compared to the 2015 edition this is a far more complex game and well worth your money if you are a fan of the series."
,Recommended,645630,33859849,Posted: 28 July,all,^4[H^3C]^4paRty^3kiD,I Like the game but i really liked the old fasion you know use buttoms to so things  dont make this game in the way like ps4 and xbox make a different interface for console and pcI love the game but this cool crome texturebut plz make a real torial( glitches i get black screen for some reasion when touching something but and why would any one wanna hold down a button to take things off in stead of clicking but when takeing bolts off i get that that was in cms 14 and 15)+ i really wannt to get to the junkjard how do i do that in the begining + when do you resive jobs
76561198070738050,Not Recommended,645630,33865911,Posted: 28 July,all,Sledx1,My desktop exceeds all the recommened requirments and i cant run the game on the lowest graphics setting not optimived at all if its not fixed in a few days im returning the product i have been waiting for this for a long time then the dissapointing set back last week i would expect that on launch it should at least run!
76561198294547223,Not Recommended,645630,33863170,Posted: 28 July,all,tater872012,My parts keep disapearing on install
76561198012163241,Not Recommended,645630,33862205,Posted: 28 July,all,RavGreend,"I really enjoyed CMS 2015. Although CMS 2018 is 2/10 in my opinion, I don't want refund only because I'm waiting for an fix update in the near future."
76561198050479118,Not Recommended,645630,33859367,Posted: 28 July,all,BlueShadow125,"good ♥♥♥♥ing job at releasing a ""polished"" game...poor performance, glitches and multiple black screens.next time dont even think about ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting your self out of hate.you delayed the game less than an hour til release, it released a week later and it couldnt have been worse.launched with no ♥♥♥♥ing exe and no mouse for the menu.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t company with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t excuses."
76561198180606047,Not Recommended,645630,33863490,Posted: 28 July,all,jordanwilsonarmstrong,runs poorly also badly optimized
,Not Recommended,645630,33863539,Posted: 28 July,all,Kitty Foreman,This game needs a high amount of polishing and re programming. I could have waiting longer if the game would be fully complete. Few things dont work. Part names aren't correct. And engine removal is glitchy. Take time to de bug and polish game to finish.
,Not Recommended,645630,33865933,Posted: 28 July,all,Damous,This game is a bug filled mess in which the devs have learned nothing from previous iterations of the game. STEER WELL CLEAR! Until further notice.
76561198093425542,Not Recommended,645630,33869534,Posted: 28 July,all,kristinlmoran,"PLEASE READ FULL REVIEW[This review will cover the main points of this game]Disclaimer: I do not mean to offend anyone who does like this game and/or does not like to see bad reviewsI will not reccomend this game if you have less then the top-of-the-line gaming pc....When I started this game, i played it for about an hour and a half and randomly, the game froze,but this crash was not a normal one, as I could not access task manager, and could not close the game and then had to force-restart my pc...The second time i booted up this game, i finished the tutorial, and then the game loaded halfway, then said it crashed....After these two times, every time i opened steam, my internet would crash completely and I had to restart my pc...Other bugs i found include:-In the tutorial, when i accessed the vehicle menu [by right clicking the car] of the Mayen M3, and then backed out, the game went blurry, and i had to quit.-i had to put the game on its lowest settings and the 800 by 720 p resolution, and the game still lagged.-The music would randomly studder and i had to change the station multiple times...In conclusion:I would  not recommend this game right now. It is a beautiful game if you can get it to work, but right now, its not worth your time. I strongly suggest waiting for the bugs to be worked out before you even give this game the light of day. If Red Dot and Play Way fix most if not all of the bugs, my opinion might change."
,Not Recommended,645630,33858489,Posted: 28 July,all,awe88some[AMG],"I was looking forward to this game for quite a while. Once it launched I straight away purchased it thinking it was going to be amazing. However, that wasnt the case at all. The terribly long loading times are back. You can't even move the mouse on the main menu. You cannot turn off specific graphical settings, meaning you only have presets. There are SO MANY BUGS its actually ridiculous. You have made the game so complicated with the new horrible and unoptimised UI which can actually lock you and the only way to get out is the save and quit to main menu. The optimisiation... well there is'nt any. Im not going to lie I dont have the best specifications when it comes to hardware but I have seen reviews with people that own 980ti's and still perform terrible in the game. Such dissapointment. Im going to actually refund this and never buy it again unless you act quick. Do not buy this product please. Go buy CMS 2015 instead, since its actually more optimised and could run on a toaster."
,Not Recommended,645630,33866231,Posted: 28 July,all,Belzuk,"- Bad optimisation- Game breaking bugsIf you are considering buying this game, please go and watch some Youtube/Twitch content first and see if it's right for you.People are saying that this is release day and that issues are to be expected.  While I agree that you should expect some issues on release, it is unacceptable that this game has been released in this state.  It is as if there has been no QA at all.This is not in Early Access/Beta and has been released as a 'finished' product, which it clearly is not.  I may not have much time in-game, but what I have experienced has been shoddy at best.  This, coupled with a number of Twitch streamers I have been watching, says to me that it is not ready."
,Not Recommended,645630,33868504,Posted: 28 July,all,Mtat12,Terrible optimization.
76561198073799440,Not Recommended,645630,33868732,Posted: 28 July,all,fogybear,"brutal, literally ripped apart and entire car cause one thing on my list said ""part not found"" no way to get rid of it no way to get rid of car cant find this dumb part thats ""not found"" even though i took off every single item on the car i could. this game is hot trash"
76561198035562276,Recommended,645630,34565006,Posted: 28 August,all,Thunderer,"Even though it made a bumpy release, this is the first time i genuinely saw developers trying to correct them in all their honesty; and somehow they are making it. In the first month, this game received updates for both bug fixing and adding more content then any other game would in 1 year. It is true that those content should have been on the first released version; but still, you can't ignore the effort.10/10 to developers attitude about correcting themselves,07/10 to the game itself, as -even it is the only game and a succesful game in its type- it gets repetitive after some while, and not offering much to keep playing."
76561198261918701,Not Recommended,645630,33868862,Posted: 28 July,all,RageQuitGaming,crashes/redscreen. Cant do anything without crashes! 0/10 dont buy it.
76561198003303699,Not Recommended,645630,34566677,Posted: 28 August,all,NoDiCe,"game won't load beyond the intro videos.  with all the other bugs that have been reported, this game shouldn't have seent he light of day.  don't waste your money"
76561198053707539,Not Recommended,645630,33865774,Posted: 28 July,all,Aftermath,"*EDITED*After playing more and giving it some thought my initial review was very negative and now with 29 hours on record sadly I still wouldnt not recommend this game yet. PW has been doing a good job patching things, but in the same process they also have made several new bugs while patching the old ones. There's a few game breakers like the missing exhaust E for the challenger, the exhaust pipe on the mazda missing and in polish  and the biggest one the missing oil cap when replacing valve covers. Until PW fixes the main bugs and gets everything running smoothly I'll continue playing on my cheated profile and maybe i'll go legit when things straighten out."
76561198014396584,Not Recommended,645630,33859968,Posted: 28 July,all,GTMax69,"Looked forward to this game for some time now. Unplayable in it's current state. Very buggy, black screen of death when you simply open a hood, then leave the engine compartment. Note to Devs: Don't rush and release a poor product. Refund until later date."
,Not Recommended,645630,33860344,Posted: 28 July,all,darth vader,very poor optimization low fps
,Recommended,645630,33862862,Posted: 28 July,all,Quintus_CRO,Probably one of the best simulator of car mechanic life on the market
76561198279204682,Recommended,645630,35247994,Posted: 27 September,all,durant11,"I just want to start by saying that I have now reached 140 hours on the game.Overall the gameplay is a little laggy if you don't have your settings optimized but still completely playable at the highest graphic lvl.The content they have released and everything is always coming with 2 patches a week with new dlc coming all the time.The biggest complaints I have seen on the game are the key bindings and some small bugs that the developers are still working out. To me this game is 98% complete and I'll keep playing it. The detail is amazing. The developers are completely involved. Some say that they are not but they have 100's of bug comments to sift through that mainly are the same bugs. If you buy this game now it may be a little buggy. If you wait a month or so it will be perfect. I, myself have not had any issues with it so I rate it 5 stars:)"
,Recommended,645630,35250512,Posted: 27 September,all,Z Ξ X,"Alright,Heres my review : the game at the start was really choppy and had a s*** ton of bugs, now the game is way more stable and will be better in time, I gave it a chance and I am not dissapointed, of course CMS15 right now has way more stuff and is so much more stable, but will soon become obselete beacause of this beauty!"
76561198029069515,Recommended,645630,35249269,Posted: 27 September,all,Swiftyy87,"I know you don't like long reviews so I will keep it short.At launch the game was full of bugs and glitches and was not optimized properly. But they surprised me with quick and sufficient updates and fixes. Optimizing could use just a bit more work though but nothing too bad. It's 2018, get a better pc nuggets :)I actually don't have anything bad to say about except the optimizing part.So basically, if you love a relaxing game where you can build, restore, do whatever you want with cars...hey, the game is for you!Personally I love it :)PS.: Don't cry about the payable DLC's. Even designing just one car and implementing it into the game takes quite some time and effort into it. A few bucks wont hurt your vallet that much. Besides they intend to roll out few FREE dlc's in the future."
,Not Recommended,645630,33862334,Posted: 28 July,all,I GIVE UP ON LIFE,"It's still not optimized the it should but it will get there with time.the same with the bugs sooooo....But seriously, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together"
,Recommended,645630,33867632,Posted: 28 July,all,Kreunz,Okay game. Doesn't run as bad as people say.
76561198027970879,Not Recommended,645630,33870158,Posted: 28 July,all,Metalavenger,"They managed to release it late and still it is buggy and unfinished.Some of the bugs are even game breaking and will not let you continue the storyI really like CMS 15 and i am dissapointed by this, and as far as i have seen you can no longer tune cars"
76561197970680484,Recommended,645630,33858634,Posted: 28 July,all,Shane,"I would now recommend purchasing:This game started life as a complete disaster, but it is now starting to show signs of improvement, this is now at a stage it should have been at launch day...GameplaySome new additional content since the last CMS game, Tire changer & wheel balance, Groups which include the grouping of engine components, suspension, and wheels. This new feature also brings with it new tools in addition to that already mentioned, like battery charger, spring puller, interior detailing tool, and some old favs like the welder.The overall experience of stripping and rebuilding of the cars themselves is more or less the same experience as before. The biggest changes in gameplay here would be the addition of barns & junkyards, which seem to be mostly irrelevant if im honest, but its new and funky.the auctions, dont fall for that intro movie, the auctions are just the same, with all the same problems, and bugbears. sorely dissapointed with this. bringing us onto performance parts, dyno, and of course engine swaps from the old gameNot present here yet, in fact at one stage it looked like there was going to be DLC, then they wasnt, and was, and wasnt, pop over the forums and read the stickys for more details, but right now they are not in the game in any case.Computer Spec:AMD FX 6300 (6core) @ 3.50 GHzGeforce 960 GTX8GB DDR3 RamCan run on lowest settings @ 60+ FPS, Medium is its maximum ability giving a semi-decent 40FPS average, whilst high and ultra is a choppy and lagfest 20fps, experience at best.."
76561198007273867,Recommended,645630,33873049,Posted: 28 July,all,cut,"IT""S GOING TO BE OKAY!  Great so far!"
,Recommended,645630,33873149,Posted: 28 July,all,SmokeyMcP,My first go at a Mechanic Sim and I'm loving it so far.Came in with an embarrassing lack of knowledge about cars and am still having a ton of fun and even feel like I'm learning a bit.Must of lucked out with my setup because with an Rx480 I can play on high with a steady fps that I've yet to see even dip once.Overall I'd have to recommend this to anyone with an interest in cars but maybe hold out for a bit if you're worried about how your rig will handle it at launch. (the bug fixes are coming out at a good pace so I can't see this being a problem for long..hopefully)
,Recommended,645630,33875163,Posted: 29 July,all,TheChickenGamer,"This is a very good game, if you have a system able to run it. I dont run a titan or anything i run a 1060p and a i7-6700. On Ultra I get 40-60fps, which is to be expected in a game this beautiful. Seriously, this is BY FAR the best graphics i have ever seen in a simulator and it also has the addictiveness of the previous CMS gamees. If you have a half decent system that meats the minimum requirements you should be able to run this game no problem."
,Recommended,645630,33879970,Posted: 29 July,all,Eerost,"Start was pretty laggy but when i turned graphics settings to medium (i have i5 6600k, gtx 680 4gb and 16gb ddr4 memory) i think in future it will get better. I recommend you to buy this game cause i think those problems will get fixed."
76561198046504932,Recommended,645630,33883010,Posted: 29 July,all,Durigable,"First off, I love this game. I have been playing it for a few hours and so far it is not that bad. YES there are bugs but I am certain there was a great amount of pressure to get this published so people could enjoy it so you get what you asked for.With that said, the bugs will be fixed. We know this. They have been irritating at best for me but I am still enjoying the game and what it has for content and potential.Comparing it to 2015, it's definitely better. Graphics, cars and opportunities to do more. You can't ask for better.If you want a game that might cause you some issues but know the developers are working hard to fix, then go ahead and get this game. If you want a finished, best product your gonna get and with few problems, wait a few weeks.Thanks"
76561198069503639,Not Recommended,645630,33883271,Posted: 29 July,all,kompassion03,I'm giving this game a bad review because I refuse to give tihis company an excuse for putting out a game that has this many bugs. I can't even play the game for 10mins without it freezing or black screen. It seems like all the good thing that was in 15 you got rid of it for some crazy reason. The UI is horrible compared to 15 and why if Ilm looking at the car that I have to back out just to use my tablet. Also what happened to the performance parts? This game is not ready and should not have been release anytime soon. It seems as noone tested the game they just threw it out there lile whatever Its $20. Being that the game is $20 doesn't give it the excuse for what they gave us. I strongly recommend to stay away from this game until the fix the hundreds of bugs that should have been fixed in alpha phase. Once the game is running like it should and I can play for more than 10mins I'll change my review. But until then PLEASE STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!! In it's current state it's not worth it. It has potential but at the moment its horrible and no worth playing because you could be doing all this work to a car and boom the game freezes or goes black screen and guess what all your progress is lost.
,Recommended,645630,33883290,Posted: 29 July,all,caahill1976,"I have a rx 480 - i3 7100, 16gb ram and getting about 55 to 60 FPS on max settings. love the game so far, very addictive. It's a little buggy a times but im sure they will fix with updates. People really need to give the game a chance before posting a negative review. As with any new game there are going to be things that need to be worked out."
76561198273948724,Recommended,645630,33886330,Posted: 29 July,all,Drjamesdawson350,This game needs to be fixed i can't finish my jobs on cars :/
76561198332870599,Recommended,645630,33886677,Posted: 29 July,all,CaptainDom,It is a great game love the setup far better than the last still a few small issues like the parts it show i have not fixed 3 things a rubber bushing and a brake disc ventilated and a brake caliper even though i repaired then all and none of them are broken they are all in good condition
76561198016353101,Not Recommended,645630,33886823,Posted: 29 July,all,Killer D-RAD,Where are the hotkeys? Gameplay is very clunky
,Recommended,645630,33887888,Posted: 29 July,all,the real nibba,"This game is such an improvement compared to CMS15. Not only are there more cars, but the amount of new game mechanics is awesome. Rather than just putting a tire on a rim, you have to remove the old tire, put on the new one, and balance it, all using two extra machines in the garage.To some that may be annoying, paticularly if they enjoyed CMS15's simplistic way of taking apart cars, but to me it adds a whole new level to the game.Personally, I love this game. I might only have an hour and a half played, and not a ton unlocked, but that shows how much fun it is to me.There are a couple things that I don't paticularly enjoy, such as the right click to change assembly/dissassembly, then holding left click, rather than having it be like CMS15, but it's just something to get used to. Unfortunately, many people don't like change, so it may be annoying to you.Addressing the negative reviews: I understand. The game isn't optimized all that well. I have a i7 4770k and a GTX 960, and to get around 60 fps I have to play on medium settings. But to me, the graphics don't matter all that much. Medium still looks pretty good, and I'm not too into the bloom that the high and ultra settings give.However, if you own a low-end system, you might want to wait a little bit to allow the devs to polish the game a little more.To those of you who are bashing on the devs: I can understand your frustration, that the game is not exactly how you want it to be, but consider this: game development isn't easy. It takes a long time, and with the devs wanting to make a game better than CMS15, they might have taken a different approach.If you owned CMS15 and are on the fence: wait around a week. Notice the updates that the devs have already put out, and follow them. If you believe that the updates fixed whatever problem you might encounter, buy the game.Also, to those who are on the fence and are reading reviews; People tend to leave reviews when they are upset or angry, not necessarily when they enjoy the game. Keep that in mind.TL;DR: It truly is a good game, just give it some time."
76561198038639483,Recommended,645630,33892581,Posted: 29 July,all,Luna Sakara,"The game launched premature; it's a buggy mess; but every couple of hours the dev team is keeping us informed and up to date about things getting fixed.The game should not have launched the way it did, but I've never seen a dev team sit down and put so much into making right what was wrong; against the wave of both rightfully upset customers, and ignorant children that can't fathom trying to help the devs fix it.I would recomend you wait at least another two weeks on this title before droping money unless you are ready to buckel down and help the dev team by reporting bugs and keeping up with changes logs. (I'd still recomend this title though; just wait a little bit)"
,Not Recommended,645630,33909643,Posted: 30 July,all,Senor Bolsa,"Great game from what i played, not entirely happy with the new menu system but whatever, refunded due to major framerate and stability issues, will repurchase if fixed."
76561198193954094,Recommended,645630,33909738,Posted: 30 July,all,steveo1797,"First impressions are overall very postitve. The game has lots of little ""quarks"" that need to be fixed of course but the development team seems to be working around the clock to fix them.  They have already released 4 patches and the game only launched 2 days ago which is impressive.  I would have been seriously upset if this game had cost $60+ and had these issues but it's only $20 and they are working their asses off to make it right!  I look forward to the future improvements and I'm sure it will be optimised in no time."
76561198087874412,Not Recommended,645630,33909813,Posted: 30 July,all,jupider,"First off, I'm not recommending this game because I've played the previous CMS games and they are fantastic and I am confident that this one will get there eventually, but in its current state, it's practically unplayable. I'll explain why.Most notably, nearly all the hotkeys from CMS15 are GONE. no 'O' for overview, no 'M' to move the vehicle. YOU CANNOT USE 1-2-3 TO SWITCH BETWEEEN DISASSEMBLE-ASSEMBLE-EXAMINE MODES <-- (This right here is the biggest reason this game is unplayable!)All mode changing must be done through a counter-intuitive right-click menu now. ""But wait,"" you ask, ""isn't right-clicking used to select the part you want to install or remove?"" And you would be absolutely correct. In CMS15 you did indeed press and hold the right mouse button to select the part you wanted to remove, install, or examine. So what does that mean for CMS18? Well, it means you're going to bring up that annoying, useless right-click menu EVERY SINGLE TIME you try to install or remove a part. It's so fun and not at all annoying in any way.So basically here is the process every time I try to install a new part on a vehicle:1: left-click the section of the vehicle you are working on2: press '2' to go in to assemble mode.3: whoops, '2' doesn't do anything anymore, I've got to use that ridiculous menu.4: right-click to bring up the insipid menu5: navigate to the ""Add Part"" option.6: press and hold right mouse button to select the highlighted part you want to install7: dammit. right-clicking brings up that asinine munu9: press ESC to clear the menu because you don't actually want to select anything in it10: press and hold LEFT mouse button to select the highlighted part you want to install11: cry as the camera zooms in on the part you selected because they don't give you the ability to disable that annoying ""feature"" like you could in CMS1512: stare around the screen in confusion as you wonder where the hell that pixel-sized cursor went because it just randomly jumps around the screen whenever the camera changes position.13: move the mouse as slow as humanly possible because the accelleration is so damn high and you can't adjust it and you'll fly right past everything trying to highlight it from moving too fast.14: hold left mouse button to screw in any necessary fasteners.15: quit the game in frustration because it takes so goddamn long to remove and install parts compared to CMS1516: go back to playing CMS15 because the UI actually works and you never feel like punching your monitor or throwing your mouse across the room.Again, I have high hopes that Red Dot/Playway or whomever does the actual programming will eventually restore CMS15 controls once enough people complain about it, so if they do, I'll update my review. But for now, You're better off just continuing to play 2015 until they get this train wreck of gameplay controls taken care of."
,Recommended,645630,33910237,Posted: 30 July,all,CrocodileJumper37,"So, I bought this game on release day. I had no hopes on the game being flawless or not contain any bugs. So I played, noticed a few bugs and then waited a couple of days and gave the developers a chance to fix them before making a review whining about bugs on release day. Now it runs just fine and I have not ran into any problems so far.8/10"
,Not Recommended,645630,33910536,Posted: 30 July,all,Tacoman,"The game is fun, but the graphics settings are lacking a lot of options like motion blur and a lot of other settings.It's a great game in all but there is a lot of bugs and lack of settings."
76561198141373036,Recommended,645630,33910731,Posted: 30 July,all,deanberry216,This game is great dont listen to all the negative reviews yes it has some bugs but im sure that'll get fixed.So its really not a big deal!
76561198098918008,Recommended,645630,33911068,Posted: 30 July,all,The Boss,"When I started the game, the settings changed to low because I have a bad PC. has 40 fps and no Lagg. Have been playing for 1.7 hours now and I think playing works well now. I know that there has been some update that has fixed some of the problems people are complaining about.I think the game gets an 8 out of 10---------------------------------------"
76561198152596133,Recommended,645630,33913556,Posted: 30 July,all,Joseph4499,As many have stated there are a lot of bugs. But the devs are working hard on fixing them. I only encountered one bug that messed me up for a while. Stay away from the Luxor Bowen and you will be okay. The game is very fun. Takes a little getting use to if you played CMS15. I would say its worth the buy. If your afraid to buy because of the bugs give them about a week before you buy. They are updating daily.P.S If you do bring a Luxor in your shop and cant get the wheels back on. (Says no idems to place) you need to buy new rims and tires in the size of 17' 205/60 they worked for me. Anyways not as bad as all the 1 and 2 hour reviews make it seem. Its good just have patiences. Have fun!
76561198268503059,Not Recommended,645630,33914469,Posted: 30 July,all,mark__w,this game will not load up for me and it is upsetting
76561198101349690,Recommended,645630,33914867,Posted: 30 July,all,fredrodregus,"This game shows alot of promise, and looks like a really good foundation, for more content to come. (hopefully) Although it is a bit buggy and has a few issues, there are new patchs for it every day, so the devs are working really hard on it. The game iteslf has alot of new features, and is really fun to play. Overall i would recomed this game, just beware that it might be a little buggy at first."
76561198133129627,Not Recommended,645630,33915291,Posted: 30 July,all,be_ulf3,Pice of crap     crashesh erorrs :@   i regret for buying
76561198082685038,Not Recommended,645630,33915456,Posted: 30 July,all,DRIFTYPEARL,to much bug and lots off missing car parts
,Not Recommended,645630,33917243,Posted: 30 July,all,MistahMOB,"Sad: Extremely disappointed with the controls. Right click, left click scroll wheel thing... The walking feels weird. The mouse movement seems very floaty (no ingame adjustments, Im on a G900).  Lack of optimization. Its pretty much running FXAA at Ultra settings and my OC 7700K/980Ti cant even keep a locked 60 looking around. Much harder to actually work in the engine bay trying to click out-side the circle and just trying to find simple things before like; easily select through different assembly modes, examine modes, your duty list, parts list etc. It was hard enough and tedious before in CMS 15 but this...this is just frustarting. Took me damn near 30 mintues just to figure out the wheel thing...I just want to fix cars man....So I dont think I'll be playing this any further until a fix is worked out.Happy: Graphics (meh), the environment, the art design, the lighting, the shops looks great (path test, paint shop, etc) FANTASTIC. No more phone going off every 5 minutes (wonderful).Opinion: This is not an FPS shooter, or an RPG, or any type of game that requires a weapon wheel. Please go back to CMS 15 controls... :'(Final: Cannot recommend in its current state escpecially if you're coming from the 2015 version. You're just going to get frustrated."
,Recommended,645630,33966566,Posted: 2 August,all,Суиндон,"Pros--Rust, i like rust!-A realistic engine model.-ROTARIES!-Barn finds.-A good tutorial.-Represents the people that do not explain anything about their car when it breaks down.-A good ""Oh, my car wont start, help me please!"" kind of scenario.-Good for learning about mechanics and cars.-Beautiful graphics, even in the lowest setting.-An amazing time waster (Until it crashes and you lose your save.)-I can play this game for what i think is 30 minutes but in reality I have been playing it for 3 hours and didnt know.-Good for losing a job as you have been up all night saying ""Let me just fix this, let me just adjust that, hang on, let me just replace the block and ill be good.""-Comes included with beaters you can find at the junkyard that you can fix and make tons of money off of them.-""Damn it! I forgot to put the oil pan on, and i tried filling it up!""-""Can i have some information on your car?""*Person leaves.*Cons--Horrible optimisation, i cannot run this game on medium on an I7 with a GTX 960 without frames dropping below 20.-Black screen on startup most of the time.-Not being able to put on the front bumper of the Royale GT-something--Game not loading most of the time.-TOO MUCH RUST! Only should be present on the non exposed parts of vehicles.And i cant even try to continue save because the continue button dissapeared and when i try to change profile the game freezes and crashes, I would not reccomend this game for now, come back in a week or so and try again.Eitherway, this game is good besides from the stability which is worse than a Wrightbus Streetlite, im not joking.For the people who are rating this down, please take to note that the developers are trying their hardest to sort this game out, yeah, i mean the console port thing was a bit shady but just look forwards to the developers and maybe the game would be in a playable state right now."
76561198039690482,Recommended,645630,33983881,Posted: 2 August,all,kamaeru,"Great game. Congrats on devs to patch game. Running great on patch # 7. Not to sure on negative reviews. Gamers need to put on their big boy and big girl pants and quite being crybabies. Its nice to see devs actually taking responsibility for messing up. Alot of triple aaa devs. that just take your money and just do not care. Also quite pre ordering games, I really enjoy the game and new interface. Thanks red dot games...."
,Recommended,645630,33984147,Posted: 2 August,all,Langleick,I have had minor bugs but the overall expirence so far is prety awesome. The game is suprisingly fun
76561198036146139,Recommended,645630,34007840,Posted: 3 August,all,"Luka, The Grand Master","This release is brilliant, pitty no Dyno, but other than that, its brilliant. The updates are fixing the little bugs, but your'e nuts if you dont pick up this release on price point. If you like rides, this is for you, simple. - the previous comment about""Everybody needs to seriously get off their high horse"" is aboujt right. I would add this, Don't be a homo, emjoy this very impressive and unique experience for what it is."
76561198000395814,Recommended,645630,34020450,Posted: 4 August,all,Denkakiing,This game has made progress. I love this game!When it was released it was alot of unfinished bugs... I was about to just uninstall it.Then patches started to come in and alot of it was actually fixed on the first 2 patches within like 4 days.This game went from 0/10 to 9/10I recommend this game and even if its some small bug fixes still a work in progress the game is playable and enjoyable! :)
,Recommended,645630,34022028,Posted: 4 August,all,Wizardnil,"This game is absolutely amazing. Would highly recommend to anyone that is interested in cars. Optimization is okay, but I cannot wait until the game gets fully optimized. A significant improvement over cms '15."
76561198102451287,Recommended,645630,34053852,Posted: 5 August,all,Humpty,Good game very addictive
,Recommended,645630,34151189,Posted: 10 August,all,Gigglebyte,"I have always been a fan of the CMS games, and this one is no excepotion. My only problem is that after an hour of play, I left, when I tried to come back, it wouldnt load, and it hasnt since."
,Recommended,645630,34172204,Posted: 11 August,all,shinylman,The only reason you wouldn't want to get the game is becauase of the bugs and missing features.  The team is working hard 7 days a week fixing bugs and adding features.  I would still recommend getting the game right now if you have any interest.
76561198175677722,Recommended,645630,34172868,Posted: 11 August,all,Kicku,Nice game and support. Lots of patches which are fixing bugs and adding things
,Recommended,645630,34173628,Posted: 11 August,all,ToXiicSteeZy,"This game has become better and better with every patch. At first i didn't know if i should switch over to cms 2018 from cms 2015, but now i'm glad i did. The game has become a lot more playable and has a lot less bugs. The only thing that can be better right now is the performance of the game. I have to admit, the devs did a great job of fixing up the game in these past weeks!"
,Recommended,645630,34173629,Posted: 11 August,all,Pealock,"Reviewing this game is a bit tricky due to the very well known launch issues. However, the core gameplay mechanics and near-constant updates merit a positive review in my opinion. The game was not ready at launch, clearly. But day by day, it is becoming the game everyone is wanting.So, if you buy it now, expect the bugs and performance issues that everyone has talked about. That said, it is still a very fun and beautiful game!"
,Recommended,645630,34174388,Posted: 11 August,all,Desperado,"The developers have done a great job working around the clock to bring this game up to par with what it should have been at release.Fun game, great to pay while listening to a podcast or a certain DnD twitch stream"
76561198044494369,Recommended,645630,34174806,Posted: 11 August,all,✪ ASTENNU(probably throwing),"cant get enough of this game, if you like cars, and simulators then i highly rrecommened you buy this, at release the game had some quirks, nothing game breaking like the media was stating, once you get a few levels in the grind becomes addicting, i will say if you're anything like me the grind addiction will get old fast, all i wanted to do was restore cars when i reached level 15, but to fully restore cars you need to hit level 30 at the minimum so you can unlock the welder to fix the rusted body and interior detailing tool box, my only complaint about the game is its very grind happy with minimal reward, only reccomendation to the devs would be to adjust the XP system to give out larger amounts of xp especially when completing story orders, but if you dont mind the grind then theres nothing wrong with this game, id like to see cms2k18 hit top selling game on steam and i know it can happen 11/10 would replay from level 1"
76561198134024452,Recommended,645630,34175376,Posted: 11 August,all,FordTransitConnect2003,"Good game, still has alot of bugs but it has alot of potential"
,Recommended,645630,34182749,Posted: 11 August,all,Boss Sauce,"After many patches (19!!) and hard, hard work from the developers, I can finally reccomend this game. It isn't to far removed from CMS 15, but theres been enough changes to warrent the new game. There aren't as many new features as I would have liked to see, but honestly its a great game nonetheless, and the devs have worked very hard to patch it up to make it playable. I can now recommend this game and encourage you to give it a try."
,Recommended,645630,34185889,Posted: 12 August,all,Big Walk,After this games terrible luanch I have watched the Devs post update after update day in and out and now I think if you were holding off the game is in a good state.
76561198352203921,Recommended,645630,34202033,Posted: 12 August,all,PinkGirlGamer,game is getting a lot better now and the developers are wirking hard nice too see
76561198010071123,Recommended,645630,34212503,Posted: 13 August,all,Ketana,"I wish i could review this game fairly, but my potato internet can't handle that much updates, maybe i will be able to review this game laterUpdate: finally played it, i like it, it's relaxing and now i know the name of the thingy that make the whole other thingy to spin, if you don't know what i'm talking about, this game will teach you."
76561198062459151,Not Recommended,645630,33872444,Posted: 28 July,all,chris_50094,"Ok so i was on the Hype train like many and this turned out to be a bit of a cluster fu..... well just not good. i cant go 20 minutes without it getting stuck somewhere like the testing path, pulling a motor apart, using a motor stand. if you dont do that and just feel like some fresh air at the parking garage you may get frozen on the loading screen, luckily the music will play at %100 but still shows as loading. i even tried the safety of the tutorial garage and tried to use the motor stand but i apparently dont know mt own strength as i rammed the motor on so hard it cliped the fan past the handle to rotate it.... i am a big fan of the 2015 version and im still hoping 2018 turns out great, but for now its a unfinshed pile. have fun doing the Alt F4 tapping if you decide to buy"
76561198067095871,Not Recommended,645630,33881735,Posted: 29 July,all,slpater,game doesnt even work. dont buy until they patch it.
76561198289006521,Recommended,645630,33884889,Posted: 29 July,all,kevin.blythe02,I really like the game i played a lot of cms15 and have been looking forward to this new one so far i am very impressed butthere are a few performance issues i have found but not anything that hasnt been mentioned in any other posts ive seen in every game that is made its never perfect on day of release even AAA titles have a lot of problems its to be expected.People will have their own opinion but if you dont like the game you shouldnt have bought it i however will continue playing it because over time when all the fixes have been implemented it will be even betterp.s apologies if there are any spelling mistakes
76561198146482458,Recommended,645630,33885592,Posted: 29 July,all,jamiecliffe88,"First off ignor the bad reviews, some people just like to complain about everything, this game is a vary reasonable price for what it is, playway are doing their best to fix any bugs in the game with patches.Game had very minor issues for the first hours and they released patches immeidately to rectify these issues. People complaining that their  crazy powerful computers arnt running the game well, im running an AMD FX8350 with a RX480 8gb GPU and sit between 55-60FPS on ultra with no issues wat so ever.If you liked CMS15 your love CMS18, the games interface take a little getting used to  but once you get the hang of it its very easy to use. SO much more added to the game such as needing to drain the oil into an oil tank and having to fit tyres onto rims and balence them. and loads of other little tweaks that make it much more involved than the last!Grahpics are very good, could do with advanced setting for the graphics to adjust AA ETC but im happy for now. ill update when i play more of the game"
76561198105285390,Not Recommended,645630,33887799,Posted: 29 July,all,Heggstacy,"[b[TLD:DR[/b] This game is a bad joke that didn't even finish Alpha status. If you want to play something similar play Car Mechanic Simulator 2015.Welcome back to 2001!The only thing you can adjust is the resolution up to FHD, vertical synch. and if the game runs in fullscreen mode or not.  Adding to that the simple ""Quality"" of either low, medium high or ultra. These would help if the game actually had anti-lasing of any kind. You cannot set a framerate limit, you cannot even change the speed of your mouse or the annoying mouse acceleration in the game. No FOV option, no shadows, no independent texture quality, no frame-rate limit, nothing.The sound is too loud, the music too annoying (even when i set it to 5 I still have to lower the game volume to like 4 in the Windows sound mixer). The game isn't even close to being a full product.I play the game in german so I obviously understand more. Apparently, that's redundant given the fact that there are still files with their default names. Between the usual things you find in an inspection inside of the engine bay there are things like _sth_fan_6 listed.Content wise it seems to have more going for it bug I didn't even bother exploring more of that buggy, unsatisfying mess of a game."
,Not Recommended,645630,33888426,Posted: 29 July,all,Tippee,"Where do i begin with bugs? cant complete most car jobs because they either dont stock the part or some times you can have the part and cant fit it. laggy. things missing everywhere. want my money back but cant because i have been on the game longer than an hour, cheers steam"
76561198190962539,Not Recommended,645630,33889050,Posted: 29 July,all,noah.skarsgard,the brake calibers are not working want a refund!!!
76561198272394032,Recommended,645630,33891083,Posted: 29 July,all,jofdertin,Yes
76561198168104613,Recommended,645630,33895396,Posted: 29 July,all,Millsy101,is a very good game. does have quite a few bugs that could do with fixing but other than that it is a really good game would recommend :)
,Recommended,645630,33897242,Posted: 29 July,all,Doomerville,"First and foremost, I love this series. It reminded me of the old school game Gear Head Garage, and with that, this series quickly became one of my favorites.From what I have played thus far, I love everything about it. In all aspects, its a definite improvement on the previous games.The car list is much more robust, the garage is greatly improved, the test track, and the controls for driving on it are again, vastly improved.This game suffers from the same issues alot of other releases suffer from these days, in that it is full of bugs, that being said - RedDot and playway both are advocates of fixing their mistakes, and that is enough for me. I have the patience and the faith they'll do it justice in the end."
,Recommended,645630,33898341,Posted: 29 July,all,Slaghead,"Well, this has quite a few flaws at this point but that being said, I spent the good part of two days playing it and I've been enjoying it. If you haven't bought it yet, I'd probably wait if bugs are irritate you immensely. They are mildly annoying to me so I haven't been too ruffled by them. The devs appear to be working hard to try and fix the glitches so hopefully it all gets sorted soon."
,Recommended,645630,33899861,Posted: 30 July,all,ZEYDYBOY,"The game has been out for not even 48h yet I have 24h already. That has got to say somethinOk, down to the review. Lets get it out of the way, YES they did screw up on launch with all the bug which are unacceptable. But I own CMS 2014 and 2015, so I know how talented Red Dot Games are. I know for a fact that this will be an amzing game after all the bugs are fixed. This is also a good game to learn how everything is done. I have a GTX 1060 and the FPS is good, so the optimization is good. If yu are going to buy the game, I would say. Buy it. Its a good game and we just need to sit until the patches are fixed (very soon) thanks to the devs hard working attitude and realization of the issues."
76561198067976344,Recommended,645630,33908791,Posted: 30 July,all,Donisio,"Interesting. I've never played the other CMS games. I wanted to try it and I was not let down. Yes there are bugs and there are things that could be a little more streamlined, but overall I like it enough to write my first positive review.For example, shopping. If they added another option while your'e in the inventory selecting a bad part and giving you an option to add it to the shopping list. Then being able to click on that list while shopping to bring up the items that you need to purchase or better yet having an option to just buy all of those items with one click.There are some bugs that crash the game, but I've learned from bloodborne to save often, so not a major issue but it's not a minor issue either.Some items don't work like the fuel pressure  and tire thread gauge doesn't read anything.I played a little yesterday on version 1.02 and by the time I got done tonight it was v 1.04 so I'm  not worried that the devs will fix this one.All in all it's a pretty relaxing game that keeps you engaged and trying to figure out easier ways to diagnose and fix cars."
76561198031497114,Not Recommended,645630,33912116,Posted: 30 July,all,cipowell42,"The graphics on this game look stunningm but the lag, even at the lowest graphics setting, makes the game completely unplayable!!!So disappointed, it has the potential to be brilliant."
76561198066664609,Recommended,645630,33918446,Posted: 30 July,all,Nickkiller,Fun game there is a few bugs here and there but they are doing there best to fix them goodjob playway great game
76561198289168524,Not Recommended,645630,33934916,Posted: 31 July,all,kenzo,so many glitch
,Not Recommended,645630,34018516,Posted: 4 August,all,Arnie,"It is a good to familiarize yourself with the Steam refund service.But I still have hope, that after some time this game will be as good as the previous one."
76561198120340890,Recommended,645630,34172948,Posted: 11 August,all,alex.hi.1,really nice game some bugs but they are fixing them
,Recommended,645630,34173464,Posted: 11 August,all,Corigan,I got scared from all the negative reviews. But I gave the game a chance and I love it.The Devlopers are still working out the bugs but they are really putting all there heart and soul into the game and it shows!Cant wait to shee how they further improve the game!
,Recommended,645630,34174243,Posted: 11 August,all,PapaCollin,"Thank you for this game, i just started in it but this game will be revolutionary. ive read the patch updates and its crazy how hard you work. Thanks for the game!"
76561198002396071,Recommended,645630,34174848,Posted: 11 August,all,GRONikolaz,"The game had a rough start, but the daily updates make the game better."
,Recommended,645630,34179142,Posted: 11 August,all,Zou,"This game had a rough launch. It felt more like an Early Access release. However, the devs worked tirelessly for 2 weeks with daily patches, and each patch made the game a lot better.If you like CMS 2015, definitely pick this up. It's shinier, got new features, and the devs plan to add a lot more to it."
,Recommended,645630,34188512,Posted: 12 August,all,NtavA13,"so i got this game a weak earlier even after all the mediocre reviewsi didnt have any problem with it, no black screens no bugs.im enjoying it alot and really appreciate the really hard work of the developers to fix itall and all what i didnt like was the fact that you cant go to certain places (fixed with the last patch)and the fact that you cant combine different things on engines.it has a lot of parts/cars/features8/10 for now from me"
76561198050862873,Not Recommended,645630,34191818,Posted: 12 August,all,sgtline,"When I can actually launch the game ill update this review. as of right now, I cant even get to the title screen it just loads the intro videos then gets stuck on the splash screen before the main menu. Apperently im also the only one having this issue and cant get a word in on the discussion page over all the people having the more popular issues. So if you get this hope that you get one of the popular breaks so the devs will fix it soon....hopefully...."
76561198054270095,Not Recommended,645630,34202078,Posted: 12 August,all,Coops_93,"I can't play the game because the main menu is black everytime I start the game. It's not mine or any other gamers responsibility to find workarounds to play this game. Until the devs fix this problem, my review will stay negative."
,Recommended,645630,34213513,Posted: 13 August,all,Papa Stalin,This game is a good car mechanic sim what they shouldn't have done was release it with soo many bugs but from the start or realease they are fixing all them bugs what else they should of not done was put the super charger in the game because you can't use it only in the editor bit stupid releasing the game badly optimized
,Recommended,645630,34213592,Posted: 13 August,all,Oxbowzz,This Game Is Honestly Beautifuly Created I've Had No Bugs In Playing This Game So Far There's so much interesting stuff you can do it's a masterpiece and Red Dot games are constantly making patches on this game to add more cool stuff and to fix the extremelly buggy launch (i waited a bit because the bugs put me off buying this game but they have fixed many and are still fixing bugs and glitches which is great) I Run max graphics 1080p at around 40-70fps with my i7-7700k and gtx 1060 and it's pleasant to play so i can't complain about the low fps like others are getting (also the music is amazing) thank you Red Dot games and PlayWay
76561198070108257,Recommended,645630,34215055,Posted: 13 August,all,SAYGIN,"good game,they keep updating for the best.."
,Not Recommended,645630,33874558,Posted: 29 July,all,ConnorVengeance,"Hoping these problems will be fixed soon.My main concern is a glitch I ran into when trying to attach a wheel. I saw ""Part Selection"" in the top left as you usually see on this menu but the menu was nowhere to be seen.Also, the radio wouldn't work and it feels unfinished as a whole."
,Not Recommended,645630,33876419,Posted: 29 July,all,tedyanggara1412,"Ive been play almost half hour, first impression is this game has so many new feature to play with, i likes the idea but it has terrible problem. OPTIMIZATION this game lack of performance option just to adjust your pc and the game itself. The only option only low, medium, high and ultra, then vsnyc on/off, resoultion option just that. Well it need patch, a patch so at least just give us option like previous game. You can set AA option, texture, and many more. Please OP please, add more graphic option. At least we can set which option can make the game runs well. Sorry i give this thumbs down until the dev want to hear and give us day 1 patch."
,Not Recommended,645630,33877807,Posted: 29 July,all,Kasper W. 5V-103,"For now this is not worth buying, you will loose all your progress several times due to it freezing up, for example just taking the oil cap off at a wrong time will make the game not able to react on anything.. theres a lot of errors like this already."
76561198200033222,Recommended,645630,33880438,Posted: 29 July,all,veedubparts3,"good base game, needs updates though as keeps crashing"
76561197993691588,Recommended,645630,33880742,Posted: 29 July,all,jackiechan1966,It is a good game but this werid pink is on my screen and i dont see why it is on it but if that wasent there it would be even better game
76561198013388177,Recommended,645630,33882936,Posted: 29 July,all,pugwonk,"Really I just wanted to boost the ratings - there are perf issues they're working on, but so far this seems like a great update to 2015."
,Recommended,645630,33883601,Posted: 29 July,all,Insaneone,A good upgrade on cms15 loads more to do looks smoother and sounds better. I did have few fps issues and bugs but once i did tutorial it played smooth as anything on ultra if you loved cms15 you will enjoy this just as much if not more
76561198065250446,Recommended,645630,33883887,Posted: 29 July,all,SpiffyTacoSauce,"The second patch seems to have fixed every problem that I was running into. Game is loads of fun, and looks pretty. There isn't any music during gameplay, which is odd, but I think they did that on purpose until the game is completely fixed. As it sits now, I fully recommend it. Fun game.Thanks for being on top of♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs."
,Not Recommended,645630,33885891,Posted: 29 July,all,thepirateboy,"Mandatory unskippable tutorial before you could start your own garage.  Game loaded with ultra graphics, thus making it very laggy and difficult to downgrade to a more manageable texture size.  Still horribly optimized, like watching a slideshow, not sure why this game's release was delayed in the first place if it's still going to be this loaded with bugs.  No option to have an actual mouse in-game instead of a white dot that blended in with the white/silver surfaces.  First mission was to change tires; I took all four old tires to the tire changer and stripped them off the rims.  Sold all four old tires, went to computer to buy four new ones.  Went to the tire changer again to install them...and alongside the new tires I had bought, the game listed the old, already-sold 0% condition tires as options for what I wanted to install on the rims.  10/10, would support autism in game development again."
76561198164473975,Recommended,645630,33885978,Posted: 29 July,all,ForegoneFoot34,"I loved cms 14 and 15 and I was super hyped for cms 18 to come out, it was slightly annoying that the game was delayed but it wasnt delayed for long. I have to say this game is awesome, it has great potential and is a super fun game to play even with the bugs it has now. and i know this game will only get better with time as the developers begin to fix some of the bugs. 10/10 would recommend this game to anyone"
76561198081389366,Not Recommended,645630,33886889,Posted: 29 July,all,yudge2k,"Poor mouse control, almost no options... Felt like 1986. Graphics are great, but the controls screw all the amazement that the graphics offer. Can't recommand it right now. Buy CMS 2015 instead, less repair options, but way better experience than this. Did they test the game before launch? I really doupt it. This game will be good when all this nonsense controls are patched and a little optimization wouldn't hurt."
76561197996027964,Recommended,645630,33887772,Posted: 29 July,all,EGN_Ian,"I have been enjoying my time in game, a few bugs here and there but playway is on top of it. I look forward to the future of the game."
76561198052495133,Recommended,645630,33891146,Posted: 29 July,all,baggsus,It has some bugs for sure but Im fairly certain they can all be worked out in the near future.  I love the game and will continue playing it.
76561198028836746,Not Recommended,645630,33892095,Posted: 29 July,all,bonesisd,needs a tutorial i have the old one still have no clue what im meant to be doing a little guidance  to get you started off is really needed so much stuff
76561198051190031,Not Recommended,645630,33893928,Posted: 29 July,all,pyscokill,there is no drain plug or oil filler cap to buy
,Recommended,645630,33894061,Posted: 29 July,all,Pelican,Good Game but has some issuses with the inventory and some other bugs but thats what you get when a game first comes out!
76561198340598288,Recommended,645630,33894906,Posted: 29 July,all,shane,need a  sandbox mode
76561198013808107,Recommended,645630,33896808,Posted: 29 July,all,evolution.400,"This is coming from someone who loves this developer and I have a deep respect for how they've conducted themselves in this difficult situation. If you want to review bomb them, fine, but at least let it be known that they are fixing the problems, they are working on the game, and they don't blame anyone for being upset with them.So, is the game any good? Short answer, yes and no. It has a ton of potential, and I can see this game becoming a great title in the coming months. The controlls are a bit different from it's previous successor CMS 2015, but that's not a bad thing. Their are a few more tools, such as the Spring Compressor and the Tire Changer, a whole new system with tires that include various sizes, and story jobs. Barn finds are a great change of pace, there's Junkyard diving, and it makes this game seem far larger. The game is fun... extreamly fun, and it could be one of the greatist sims you will ever see... when it works... and I can not do a review without addressing this elephant in the room.The game was released with a host of bugs, to a point where I haven't seen a game released in this horrid shape since Space Empires V. (If you know what game I'm talking about, congrats, your old) Some still can't play, there are issues with optimization, there are no real graphical options, and there are a ton, I mean a ton of game breaking bugs that still need to be sorted through.The only thing I can say is, as a fan of this developer, they have NOT, even once, lashed out at the community. Red Dot is honoring refunds, and understands people who get one. They have conducted themselves profesionally, and are working tirelessly to fix a broken game. It's just a shame no one else see's that, and just review bombs one of the few dev's that actually gives a s***. Anyway... just thought everyone should know that.Would I recommend this game, yes, but not now, I'd wait a couple weeks, because then, this game will truly start to shine. You can count on it."
,Recommended,645630,33898593,Posted: 30 July,all,Mr_XR6,"All of the day one issues aside, this game is very pretty, the sounds are fantastic and the level of detail involved with repairing/rebuilding a vehicle is second to none!Once the little issues are sorted out, I have no doubt that this game will be absolutely AMAZING!I would highly recommend it to anyone interested in this genre - but with a warning to have patience - and let the devs work on the game to improve the gremlins it has at the moment.A solid 8/10"
,Recommended,645630,33898613,Posted: 30 July,all,gofast,"Put off buyign for a month or two until all the bugs are worked if you are impatient. But, if you are a car person and have enjoyed the other games then I strongly suggest purchasing now and enjoying what is there with the expectation that the developer will be addressing issues pretty quickly."
76561197992298312,Not Recommended,645630,33902241,Posted: 30 July,all,wajrak,"Wow, so I bought this just to realise the game braking bug fest. How did this passed any test stages? I mean the basic tools you are using in game don't work and spam blank UI windows. Previous patch was even worst for me as every single time I focused on part... that would be it UI lock down on invisible prompt which can not be closed. Did I mentioned stuff that does not work? Did I mentioned sings saying beta tests?I work in software development and I can tel you, one thing... what we have here is a failure to deliver product on time yet release it to the public. Well done. Be proud! I might review this again when its somewhat playable.Oh yeah and I forgot to mention that the game takes fair time to load even between locations and one of the bugs was crash on travel so my steam says I have played this for an hour and a half where realistically I spent most of this time loading because game crashes like...I also find it amazing how I bought the edition of the game with DLC. So you had time to wipe out the dlc but you didn't had time to finish the game, right? Priorities."
,Recommended,645630,33902356,Posted: 30 July,all,Nik.,"Updated August 11:About 2 weeks (and 20 patches) have passed now and i would say the game is now fully recommended. There are still some bugs (and some features that i miss eg. Performance parts, drag racing, dyno and ecu mapping). But i would still say go for this game, it is not really broken anymore. The dev did great on keeping the patches coming like hot cakes. Cheers fellas.July 30.:Honestly, right now it's riddled by bugs, but its still a good game. Two updates in the last two days shows that the developer is serious."
,Recommended,645630,33902725,Posted: 30 July,all,RobedWolf,"This game is Quite buggy as i am writing this but i do think this game is/will be a GREAT game all that needs to be Fixed is bugs/glitches.The Graphics of this game is really good, the only problem is i tryed lauching it on my other computer as well but the GTX660 BARELY ran Low at 30fps!Honestly this game has some real potential to be amazing and thats why i reccomend this game!"
,Recommended,645630,33909272,Posted: 30 July,all,Vypir,"I've only played about 6 hours of this game, but I rather enjoy it.  Many are reporting optimization issues and the like, I have not experianced any.The only bug I've come across, so far, has been during the tutorial.  I was placing pistons in the v8 engine and it was using 2 pistons from my inventory every time I placed one.I run the game full screen with ultra graphic settings on my 4GB Radeon R9 290 graphics card powered by an AMD FX-8370 Eight core with 16GB Ram.  It's not the high end gaming PC it was back it its day, but I can still run most games in high or ultra without issue.This is a fun time burner of a game.  I wish the driving dynamics were a but more realistic, but I also wish I could walk around the town in first person, GTA style, and steal cars to chop them up in my shop."
76561197977681426,Not Recommended,645630,33910173,Posted: 30 July,all,BRUSH-UP,"This game is very fun (for the target demographic) and has so many thing to do......when it works. As of 7-30-17 the game still has to many crashes, black screens, freezes, and item/car gliching of lossing them and duping them. With this said, the devs have been updating the game and fixing them. Yet they still have a ways to go. For now i can not recommend this game......BUT if devs keep up the work and turn this game around in a timely manner, i will be changing to my rec to a yes.(i really do like this game and hope for the best, so dont let me down)"
,Not Recommended,645630,33910469,Posted: 30 July,all,IceWater,This game doesn't allow you to turn off mouse smoothing/mouse acceleration... I don't think i've played a game since like 2001 that didn't have this basic functionality or had it on to such a high level by default... not sure who did the UI/UX stuff on this game... but im not sure how you dont know about something so simple.I didn't even get to play the game. For me that simple thing is a deal breaker... I don't want to have to change the way I move my mouse because these developers have never used a mouse before or played a pc game.
,Recommended,645630,33910572,Posted: 30 July,all,Crunch,"This game is unfinished. Definitely. No question about that.They should have delayed the launch further, or honestly I would've been happy with it being released in an Early Access State. The gameplay itself, when it works, is super addictive and fun. It's exactly what I wanted and more. However, there are many bugs, a few of which often cause the game to blackscreen.So you may be wondering 'why have you given it a positive review?'Well the dev team have been extremely open about their mistake and even issued an apology. This is something that most teams don't have the balls to do and I greatly appreciate their honesty. They are working their asses off to get content updates out as quickly as possible and many of the bugs which I encountered when it was first released, have been eradicated. I want to continue to support this dev team as they continue to improve the game. I have full faith that eventually, after a couple of weeks, the game will be up to standard, just as CMS 14 and 15 were.So at the moment, do I recommend you purchase it?If you know you're going to enjoy the core gameplay mechanics then yeah, buy it.If you're weary as to whether the port will be improved or not, maybe wait a week or so before purchasing the game.Overall I think this game is really worth a try and I commend the dev team for their honesty and hard work since the launch."
76561198036612091,Recommended,645630,33911218,Posted: 30 July,all,howlettjs03,"This game unsurprisingly has good and bad points, so we will start with the good:~ The graphics are great and so far I have not seen any bugs.~ Some of the added tools really make the difference it really did annoy me that you could not just change the tyre in the previous games.~ The sound effects are muh improved over the older games~ The amount of cars is still very goodand now the bad:~ The setting are in a word terrible, there are no advanced options at all compared to the previous games which is dissapointing and in all honesty this is the main bad point if we had more options it would make the game better for example, I personally don't like the motion blur that is used and as such I like to disable it as I was able to do in the previous games.Overall this game is good with much more good than bad, also knowing the devs they will improve on the things that need work as they have shown in the pervious games that they do listen to the people and take onboard critisism."
,Recommended,645630,33911285,Posted: 30 July,all,Iridium,"Edit (8/9/17) - Wanted to update this to note that a couple weeks post-launch, several patches have gone in and I haven't experienced further bugs at all. It's a smooth, mostly-enjoyable experience, though I wish some of the unlocks didn't take so much of a grind. My original review is intact below, though.Let's not hide it: the game, at launch, is a buggy mess. This is a bit of a surprise: the most aggravating issue I've seen so far is the 'missing parts', where repair parts are simply, somehow, not available. You'd think those would be easy to catch. There are a couple other issues as well. Fortunately, the devs have issued several emergency patches so that at least the game now runs smooth with all the visuals cranked, and I haven't experienced any of the black screen / CTDs that some have reported (think those got fixed).Bugs aside, let me get the other cons out of the way first: 1- Some of the UX changes are aggravating and not readily obvious, especially to players of the previous games. 2- The soundtrack is universally bad. Luckily you can quickly turn this off at the radio in the garage. 3- Some of the desperately wanted unlockables aren't available to start, and don't make clear when they will be (junkyard, auction, etc).All of that said, let's get back to the positives. If you played the previous editions of the game, you're in for more, and better, of the same. The process for much of the minute to minute gameplay is the same, with some sensible additional tweaks. The visuals are much improved. The interior of the car is now damage/fixable, which is nice because in 2015 the eternally-spotless interior on heaps of crap from the auto auction was weird.Oh, and the day 1 DLC? It meets my criteria for being the OK kind: it's not something critical that makes the game unplayable until you buy it, and does add extra content (licensed, albiet older, Mazda and Dodge cars) that offers some additional flavor.If the bugs worry you, hold off a few weeks: its getting rapid fixes that will hopefully have it all in good shape before long. Meanwhile, as a fan of the older stuff, I find it annoying but certainly survivable, and I see where all the goodness lies once I can get this DAMN REAR MUFFLER E FOR THIS CHALLENGER."
76561197970692522,Not Recommended,645630,33911807,Posted: 30 July,all,Max de Hond,"Very cheap apology,This is the most bad and uncompleted game I ever see and played.There are so many missing files !My question to you, did you test the game before release ?I think your company has run out of money and the release could not wait any longer.It is only for 50% ready the other 50% must be fixed in patches.I want my money back !!!!"
76561197983097533,Not Recommended,645630,33911826,Posted: 30 July,all,mclaren99uk,"I have been enoying the game to a point.  I understand the game only came out a few days ago, however i have been experiencing constant crashes.  Items disappearing when you press the escape key.  Needs abit more work i think"
,Recommended,645630,33913869,Posted: 30 July,all,Gmines,I waited a while to leave a review due to the hickups on release.  I am confident now that this game will be what the hype said and have had almost round the clock access to the developers about any bug I encounter.  This game in the last 48 hrs has seen 4 updates as the devs fix bugs and based on the forum they haven't slept in a couple days to make Right on their promises.  I give this game a big thumbs up well worth the money when a team like that stands behind it.
,Not Recommended,645630,33914676,Posted: 30 July,all,SlakT,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!! They keep pushing updates without game being saved or ended before running. Lost 3h of progress. The menu is not very well laid out, and again I lost over 5h of gameplay thanks to a wrong click without verification. This really is just a Beta and should never have been released."
76561198097963810,Recommended,645630,33916492,Posted: 30 July,all,Jason Bourne,"I give 10/10 for the games and idea's. Only thing that i have issue's with is the welder. It won't show the car name so i can repair the body. Other then that, I love it."
76561198062277179,Not Recommended,645630,33917098,Posted: 30 July,all,Cloud,ADD A SAVE BUTTON... lost 2 hours of my build becuase of a crash
76561198105701684,Recommended,645630,33917459,Posted: 30 July,all,God Himself,"This game is awesome, yes its buggy but the devs are working hard on fixing the issues. For me the game runs fine 60-70 fps most of the time. AND HATING ON THE DEVS ISNT GOING TO MAKE THINGS BETTER. At the games current state i would say its worth the buy, the devs seem to be putting out new patches everyday to fix most of the games issues.So overall this game is really fun, even though its buggy i still find myself playing it for hours at a time. The devs made a mistake. We are all human and we make mistakes. As of the game right now i would say a 7/10. without the really bad bugs and everything fixed it would be a 9/10 if not a 10/10. but guys please stop hating on the devs they made a mistake and are staying up countless hours to fix there issues. And look at it this way, nothing can be worse than no mans skys launch.. lol"
76561198272336379,Not Recommended,645630,33919815,Posted: 30 July,all,Carly,"This game is a joke right now. The game runs like absolute poo, and you can not put the break calipers back on the car (and who knows how many other problems there are, that is only as far as I have gotten because the game breaks after that) and when I try to load my old save to try again, the game sits at the loading screen (I was on Insta for like an hour and foregot about it.) The game feels so unfinshed, and its a shame because the last two games where fantastic... It really sucks that they would try and realease this in the state it is in now (WITH DLC). THE GAME IS SO FAR FROM FINISHED! I would suggest waiting to buy the game, saying you cant even play it at this point of time, go and buy one of the other games if you have an itch to play a game like this, or better yet buy Automation (but you really should buy a car mechanic simulator game because they will most likly need the money from that to fix the other game). Please PLEASE fix the game devs, I am not going to refund the game because I've learned my lessons on that, but please DONT make me regreat it PLEASE!"
,Not Recommended,645630,33924187,Posted: 31 July,all,TheNob,This is a momentary bad review. Not because of all the bugs which are now fixed day after day since release. But that features aren't implemented at all that were advertised in the game's description (e.g. modifiable keybindings).Edit:3 out of 4 people found my review not helpful. I apologize for that. To make my standpoint more clear I ordered a refund for the game. I hope this helps.
76561198026541792,Recommended,645630,33927396,Posted: 31 July,all,Alpha,"Game has great potential, which i hope devs will make use of in future updates.For the time being game is fun, but this fun can be really spoiled by all the bugs, freezes and missing features. I still would recommend the game."
,Recommended,645630,33929412,Posted: 31 July,all,B0necr@cker,"It's a really cool game, and I love those new features compared to 2015.I don't wanna say a lot about gameplay, there are enough reviews on that. But:I'd like to say : Thank you Devs!Looks like the game was forced to be released a bit early. Anyway, there have been games of bigger publishers and bigger dev teams, which had been released quite buggy. And how long did it take them for fixes? Weeks.Not here, the dev's not only wrote an apology(! never seen that before, great reaction !), they pushed out 5 fixes already with a bunch of fixes in each.That's great and that's the reason why it is not necessary to be concerned about this games quality.Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,645630,33988405,Posted: 3 August,all,AvgNickk,"Only have 9 Hours on the game since it's been out, but I've found a lot of game breaking bugs so far, and usually there will be a place to report thes bugs, I can't seem to find that for this game.Bugs I've Found so far.- Garage Parking Car Duplication- Not being able to move a car to a Lift because tires are different sizes./ and you can't change the tire size since the car is on the ground.- Customer Car steering wheel invisible in Disassemble Mode, but Visible in Assemble Mode./ Thus causing me not able to complete the job as ""parts"" are missing somehow./ Accidentally put a Typhoon/Cobra Steering wheel on a Atlanta/El Camino for this glitch to happen.- in game console wouldn't go away/ Playing for hours, couldn't save nor play after the game console came up. Game ended up crashing.- I tried exiting to menu without saving, and it saved anyways./ I was trying to revert the glitch on the Steering Wheel. but my game saved it's progress with clicking not save.Game runs really crappy, but they say they're fixing performance issues.Medium Graphics I get about 140fps, which is Fine. Would like to play in Max Graphics though.Once all the bugs are patched and little things are sorted out, Yes. I would recommened this game.As for now, If you can put up with the bugs, and you want to play it. I recommend the game."
,Recommended,645630,34006332,Posted: 3 August,all,NUTtTY,i like the game i have played all the mechanic games and the menu takes a little bit to get use but people are defintly complaing to much plus the develpors are working super hard to fix all the issues im enjoying the hell out of the game :)
76561198210598637,Recommended,645630,34021247,Posted: 4 August,all,jenthel,"is it possible to add/fix the dutch language option, since there is a dutch option on the 2015 version. It could be very helpfull and lots of people would be happy if that happened."
,Recommended,645630,34053803,Posted: 5 August,all,Speckeroos,"This game is great, I haven't experienced many bugs like others have. I'm running it on a 2015 ASUS gaming laptop with an upgraded 12 GB of RAM and an unknown CPU & GPU, I'm currently on vacation so that's why I'm running it on this machine. I have my settings on low, I will be writing a new review once I get home and I have access to both of my two desktops one of which has a GTX 1080, 32 GB RAM, i7-6700k, and a MSI Z gaming motherboard, the other one has an RX 580 8GB, an i5, and 16 GB RAM.Pros: Semi-Realistic, pretty fun taking everything apart and putting it back togetherCons: Not enough details, no modifications, not a lot of cars, part purchasing process, repetitive over time, cannot repair rusted body"
76561198078801025,Recommended,645630,34072034,Posted: 6 August,all,jonathan,"Great game. Very good graphics and sound, even on low level. Great variety of vehicles and engines. Game editor is a very amazing feature. One small issue: the game black screens with sound when going to the parking."
76561198175669177,Not Recommended,645630,34073031,Posted: 6 August,all,TTB,"The game always freezes after a little time playing, I hope the game get fixed soon."
,Not Recommended,645630,34077354,Posted: 7 August,all,ShowMeRainbowz,I purchased this game cause I love cars trucks bikes Love it all ............................. However the game keeps crashing on me sooooo you guys need to fix this problem
,Recommended,645630,34140120,Posted: 9 August,all,MetalGovy,Fantastic game :-)Lots of parts and nice new additions compared to car mechanic sim 2015
,Recommended,645630,34140786,Posted: 10 August,all,RaidenHayabusa,"Despite all of the initial bugs, there truly is a great and engrossing game beneath. Full credit must go to the developers who have been working non-stop to get this game to where they had envisaged it.Unfortunately the disasterous launch and tirade of negative reviews that followed may turn a lot of people away. If you are on the fence about buying this game my advice to you is this: Do it! If you enjoyed the other games in the series you'll find more of the same here with some cool new features, the developers are deserving of your hard earned cash!"
76561198001772503,Recommended,645630,34143902,Posted: 10 August,all,gazdaman2005,now the games more optimized its a fantastic game with a ton of potential and awesome cars well woirth it
76561198024108105,Recommended,645630,34150401,Posted: 10 August,all,Jockin-Joe,"this game is a perfect pass time. only issue that i've come across is my ""parts list supplied"" no longer shows any parts. just a completely blank screen, manage to work it out through my many times repairing cars.other than this hiccup game is awesome"
76561198134064099,Not Recommended,645630,34154000,Posted: 10 August,all,[FC-HTD] Alex,The game is already out for a week. But there is No racetrack and there are no upgrade parts for your car. thats just verry weird because it was showing it in the official trailer.
,Recommended,645630,34172278,Posted: 11 August,all,A17_GaminG,"I seriusly cant belive that the developers realeased 19 patches in 2 weeks. These people were working 14/7, I seriously respect that, and i can say the game's going in the right direction. I owe a big thanks to the developers, you've done a great job!"
76561198007446453,Recommended,645630,34172973,Posted: 11 August,all,SilentSword,Great game :)
76561198063878738,Recommended,645630,34179108,Posted: 11 August,all,A-Yellow-Mango,The devs have done a lot of work to improve the game over the last couple of weeks!
76561198071494895,Recommended,645630,34179642,Posted: 11 August,all,dang,Devs are labouring day and night to get the game as stable and playable as can be.Still an excellent game but patience is required as they're patching it.19 Patches in 2 weeks as of this review being written.
,Recommended,645630,34185627,Posted: 12 August,all,TheCuda,"I joined the series with CMS 2015 and I really liked the concept and the fact, that you can disassemble and reassemble an entire car. It was fun to play during breaks and it was a cool time filler (and besides, I learned a bit about engines).After I saw that CMS 2018 was released, I bought the game, including the first two DLCs (Mazda DLC and Dodge DLC) right after release because it did only cost around 24 Euros.A big mistake at first, I thought after playing 1-2 hours. The entire game was full of bugs, reassembling a car was a nightmare when things wouldn't fit as they're supposed to. One of my cars disappeared while moving from the parking lot to the garage and was never seen again. Mistranslation let to a frustrating moment when I couldn't find the necessary parts for the engine because of a wrong or misspelled name. But I continued playing, hoping the developer would fix the problems as soon as possible.Worthy to mention is, that the developer really seems to work hard every day to fix the bugs and eliminate the problems that are (or were) present in the game. And nearly every day there's a patch offered. Great work, even if it was a really bad decision to release the game with all the bugs in the first place.And now, 2 weeks after release, it seems that they had managed to fix most of the critical bugs, so that they can focus on the adjustment of the gameplay. In total, the game is a good addition to those, who loved the predecessors. Personally I get bored after a while because disassembling the 8731268216th V8 engine gets boring after all. Hopefully the developer will soon add more content and more variety to the game.Even in the current state I would recommend the game (or at least encourage interested ppl to follow the game closely). If you loved the other CMS games, take it."
,Recommended,645630,34198224,Posted: 12 August,all,BXF,"Great game, a lot of fun and features despite the negative reviews.It is completely playable, there are patches every freaking day. There are sooooo many things to do.In the beginning, I was scared that I would get bored after some hours, but in the end, they managed the progression of the game very neatly, with experience points and an increasing difficulty.One downside is that there are no tutorials and a beginner would feel lost, not for long, though.Would totally recommend. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,645630,33871588,Posted: 28 July,all,Firehawk,"Too late to get my refund now, update came out mid-game, trapped me in the path test, couldnt use the menu, or anything, had to alt-tab out and close, lost all my save. This game is a great idea, terrible execution. What the ♥♥♥♥ guys?"
,Recommended,645630,33872796,Posted: 28 July,all,xRezzurect,"unlike every other naysayer in the review section giving negative reveiws because the gamejust came out and has bugslike every game that first comes out has, i  would rather make it positive because this game is amazing even with first day bugs it is still fun as hell to play. its sad to see that so many wrote negative reviews because the game has bugs like any first day of release game would have because it deters everyone away from the game that cleary has potential and a company that will stick with it and fix the bugs. just now at 12:40 AM eastern the developers sent out an update because they care and know they have bugs that can and will be fixed. All of the people that made negative reviews, shame on you for ruining the image of a game that has just came out."
76561198122013500,Recommended,645630,33877923,Posted: 29 July,all,Johnwolf234,"EDIT 2: With the most recent update, most of the bugs I've commonly ran into have been solved, including the missing air filter and the sometimes not working path test. Quick note that might help save you time and frustration: If the game freezes when you finish a job, or for anything else for that matter, alt tab out, then click back into it from the taskbar. You'll then have a blank screen, but press escape and the pause menu comes up, allowing you tosave and exit to main menu, so you won't lose your progress :) Given this, I'm going to stop updating this review for a while, since updating for every game patch would get boring fast.I have similar performance to people with much more powerful PC's on my AMD Athlon 860K and NVIDIA GTX 950, so I get the feeling it's at least partly down to the way the computers are set up. (30 to 40 fps, which is perfectly acceptable for me)Some things I would mention, the Path Test seems bugged sometimes and won't let you move, and items have a strange habit of disappearing from the inventory, the most memorable instance being when I bought two brake calipers to do the front left and front right wheels of a car in a standard job, did the left wheel, saw both of my new brake calipers, moved over to the right wheel and for some reason the second brake caliper had disappeared and I only had the broken ones I had removed earlier. This bug hasn't stopped me playing yet, but it is very annoying and cuts into profits.I'm still enjoying it, so I'll recommend it with the cavet of it basically being early access.EDIT: I'm afraid I have to change my review, because I just encountered a game breaking bug with a part of the game I paid extra for (the Dodge DLC). A job appeared for a Dodge Charger, which when I accepted it turned out it needed a V8 OHV F air filter... WHich does not exist in the shop and does not even appear in the inventory properly. I was unable to repair it so I now have a dodge charger stuck in my garage, unable to get rid of it as it takes up the only garage lift I have."
,Not Recommended,645630,33880491,Posted: 29 July,all,pewpew,TOO MANY BUGS :( not recommended for time being
76561197968427754,Not Recommended,645630,33880840,Posted: 29 July,all,piraneous,"Game is somewhat addictive. Something quite theraputic about pulling engines appart and putting them back together without getting all dirty.  it is however let down by game breaking bugs.  feels like it should still be in alpha.  Also gets pretty repetative after a while. Was dissapointed when the ""story"" jobs started repeating themselves..."
76561198071244370,Not Recommended,645630,33880890,Posted: 29 July,all,stevie.fun,not the way it is
,Not Recommended,645630,33880906,Posted: 29 July,all,knightowl5000,"After 2 weeks with this game and  number of patches I realized I did not sign up to be beta tester on a good quality game, that should have been in a Early Release not a full product with missing stuff and many bugs might chgange review once game completes.. Update: Buyers beware the games been out a month now and the bugs in it is getting worse.. I wish I never bought this game waste of money"
,Recommended,645630,33882711,Posted: 29 July,all,Powerfists,This game is awesome. It is a little buggy at the moment. But one of the bugs has basically given me unlimited money. I reported it but it is still awesome to be able to just jump in and start doing whatever I want.
76561198132214490,Recommended,645630,33882752,Posted: 29 July,all,max wheatley 1997,this game looks amazing and every thing i love but on low end pcs and things its terrable and i was hoping it to run like 2015 coz i loved that game adn that one runs on the highest but on 2018 its crap but hey its just been relased and there is gonna be bugs :)
,Recommended,645630,33883037,Posted: 29 July,all,Anubis105th,"Honestly, if you liked any of the previous games, you'll like this one.It has launch issues like anything, so if you are on the fence wait for a patch or two.But I definitely recommend people give it a shot because it is fun."
,Recommended,645630,33883056,Posted: 29 July,all,jler21,"good game, lots of fun."
,Recommended,645630,33884288,Posted: 29 July,all,Henry,"I' m going to give it a thumbs up but also say, wait for a couple of weeks before buying. The potential of this game is huge BUT at the moment, it is very poorly optimized and buggy. As far as the gameplay aspect, much better than CMS 2015. It can only go up from here."
76561198140901482,Recommended,645630,33888414,Posted: 29 July,all,9000 Geese,"since the 1.04 update all the bugs i was having have been resolved and the game is working as it should have from the start. I am now happy to give this an recomendation on the basis it is a good game which i am enjoying.really happy to see such quick fixes from the devs.original comment from before edit:*looks great and game at first seems to play very well. However right now its a buggy mess. I would not recomend this title, if you want a game about building cars play cms15 or my summer car and wait at least a few weeks till they fix the worst of the game breaking bugs.*"
,Recommended,645630,33893134,Posted: 29 July,all,Kalogrym,"As buggy and incomplete as this game is, it's very promising and pretty fun for what is there.Reddot games is moving hard to get this fixed and has been releasing patches consistantly addressing the most glaring issues.If you are a fan of the series dont let the set backs put you off, it's good for what is there."
,Not Recommended,645630,33893628,Posted: 29 July,all,Dead Meme,"The game lacks polish. On High video quality, I'm running the game at 12fps. I had to reduce the video quality to the lowest setting which brought it up to a playable, but still unacceptable, 55fps range.Doing anything feels ungodly slow, I have been playing the game for about an hour now, and I still have not been able to complete the tutorial stage. In one hand I blame the fps, but in the other hand, the gameplay just feels rushed a bit.Red Dot and Play Wise should have spent more time developing the game before releasing a mess upon the Steam library.I love Car Mechanic Simulator 2015; I think I have over 300 hours clocked in on that game. I was so excited to get CMS 2018, but right now I don't recommend it. Maybe there will be a day 3 patch to optimize the game a bit, and my review will become null, but I recommend to wait a little bit to buy this title.I will check back with this game in about a week and hopefully the game will have some improvements."
,Recommended,645630,33894209,Posted: 29 July,all,Anjoo,"Even with the unoptimization, this is still a very good game because I am a person that doesn't care TOO much about graphics and just love to play the game and I love simulator games. This game is extremely accurate to real life and I love it. Just because its unoptimized doesn't make it a bad game. Look at PUBG. Extremely unoptimized but it is the most popular game right now. Great game, keep up the work and hop to see some updates rollin in!"
76561198102786260,Recommended,645630,33895053,Posted: 29 July,all,Super Solid,Unplayable at launch but this genre of gaming is educational and needs all the positive feedback it can get.
76561198123297836,Recommended,645630,33895688,Posted: 29 July,all,reaperofevil666,great game runs smooth but with the game breaking bug im stuck with is alittle annoying when going into assemble mode i cannot place any parts or walk around so hopefully that bug is fixed because after countless hours of fixing every part on a car to have this happen is quite annoying hope they fix it
76561198041379539,Not Recommended,645630,33896565,Posted: 29 July,all,Dement3d Penguin,"The game is good, but if you want to fix a Callenger your in for a bad time. half of the parts are missing for the engine and exahust, now I can't continue my game because I only have one slot at a time for each car. It's hard to get rid of it when you can't finish fixing it!! Buy it when it's on sale, and make sure they have fixed this issue before you buy it."
76561198124302559,Recommended,645630,33897485,Posted: 29 July,all,Ice-MarlinHemi,Despite all the hate this is a great game!
,Not Recommended,645630,33897607,Posted: 29 July,all,MrNoahbeast,Game doesnt go past the starting screen. if it does in the small chance it goes to the loading bar and freezes
76561198153656463,Not Recommended,645630,33897940,Posted: 29 July,all,STRUM,"THIS IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, after waiting inantciapaion for is game all i got was a black screen. I tried updating all my drivers, white listing the game and reinstaling it 5 times, and for all this, I STILL GET A BLACK ♥♥♥♥ING SCREEN!!!!!"
,Recommended,645630,33901448,Posted: 30 July,all,Druidsknight,I keep having black screens when going to the parking garage is it happening to others?
76561198029582620,Recommended,645630,33901521,Posted: 30 July,all,XNotian,"First review ever and for a good reason.The game is very promissing and I say this because in my opinion in the current state is broken.I know that this is suposed to be a positive review.Well it is.Since day one the game is filled with nasty bugs but has so many awesome details that keeped me busy all this time.This game got me on memory lane for the time I played GearHead Garage, where you could find parts on junkyards and renew dead cars and make a profit.If you are a fan of CMS 2015 you are gonna love this one but you need to wait.The Devs are working hard and for what I see on the discussions board they are reading and collecting info on all the bugs and working on a solution.If you want to trust the devs and you really like the game use the coupon buy it and do not install until the problems are fixed."
,Recommended,645630,33902300,Posted: 30 July,all,*[I-C] DuckyD,Currently this game has optimization problems but if you can get this game to work then its a load of fun I think this game was the best out of all of them. If your PC cant run this right now just wait for more updates becuase this game is very enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,645630,33909284,Posted: 30 July,all,joester77,"I loved the last game, and i'm glad they've added in so much that was missing, with work I'm sure this will pick up and be a game that willl be just as enjoyable as it's predecessor if not more so, but I'll be waiting for a few more updates before i start playing for real.Compared to what the 2015 game had this is a disaster, even without the comparison, an options menu with about 6 options no customisation options and no key bindings is a disgrace.In game there are no hotkeyes to change modes making a strange change from fluid removing and replacing at the press of a button in the previous game to the clunky menu within which lies the options in this game.An improvement in the graphics and appearance and the addition of basic things like tyre balancing, interior work and welding (which should have been in the last game) does not make up for the fact this has managed to destroy it's user interface and frankly is going to need a hell of a lot of patches to clear things up."
76561198104052822,Recommended,645630,33911287,Posted: 30 July,all,morphisgreat,needs some work but this has great potential....
,Recommended,645630,33912009,Posted: 30 July,all,AMERICA,Its a great game dont judge it by the first 10 minutes of gameplay it is well worth the money
76561198029789590,Recommended,645630,33913738,Posted: 30 July,all,emmanuel.scharsch,"I loved CMS 15, I was looking forward to  CMS 18. The game is -despite the numerous, frustrating, technical issues, actually great and really enjoyable.Graphics: looks great, have stable, fluid experience. No stuttering. I play on  a 2015 Alienware 17 w/ gtx 970 3Gb, i7 4710HQ - so a dated configuration @high settings, Vsync disabled.Gameplay: Similar to CMS 15, I personally do not like the wheel system and miss the use of F1 F2 F3 to either select, remove or analyze parts. I think it is nice to have more tools to use, but many do not have an animation, I think it is a little lazy.Cars: a lot more than CMS 15, they look great, although I think it is time to be a little bit more creative. The front of an Audi a4 avant and the rear of a Saab 93 wagon is too early 2010s and lazy. Same for car interiors. I can tell classic cars had a better treatment than newer ones (which I get, classic cars are so much nicer)As usual, the tutorial does not guide that much, same once we are past it, but all CMS used to be like that. Maybe a guide would be welcome for new players.Bugs: they are so many bugs I noticed, but they do not prevent from having a good experience. At least on my laptop. I am used to early access and beta testing, so I am not surprised. I think the game should have been an early access game. Is the price fair? yup, absolutely. The main thing I want them to bring back is the music (which is probably low priority). Otherwise so far so good, it's playable. No crashes, no freezes.Dev team: they are working hard on giving us the best experience possible. I work in a similar environment and getting things right right off the bat can be tough, even after months of testing. I can tell they love their baby.Would I recommend this game? Yes, absolutely."
76561198075869838,Not Recommended,645630,33913920,Posted: 30 July,all,SumWon,This offering is at best a very flawed demo.. it is not playable with the amount of bugs and crashes. Saved games become corrupt and many menus do not work.Red Dot have offered an appology BUT Steam have refused to refund the game twice within 24 hrs of purchase because I ran the game for 6.53 hrs trying to get things to work.my machine?AMD 8350Nvidia Titan X (12 gig)5760x1080 res32 Gig RAMGIMME MY MONEY BACK!!
76561198025448911,Recommended,645630,33913938,Posted: 30 July,all,SondreStorKuk,Game is not too bad the rewiev's are little bit to overdone
,Recommended,645630,33914137,Posted: 30 July,all,♦ MiXeM ♦,First ever car mechanic simulator and i have to say it's pretty fun and i would recommend it if you enjoy fixing cars!
,Recommended,645630,33915079,Posted: 30 July,all,Rataphract,"The launch is being stupid rough, but the devs are patching things at a prodigious rate. I'm having fun either way, though!"
76561198066656790,Recommended,645630,33915629,Posted: 30 July,all,Sniperslayer4md,"REALLY love the game, and all the changes they have added. Though there are some bugs here and there, most annoying is the game crashing when you use examination tools while the engine is on the engine stand."
,Not Recommended,645630,33915705,Posted: 30 July,all,Mysteria,"The Mouse is so Laggy! Fps Are Bad, Im Stuck In The 2nd Order Because The Lift Is Bugged And There is no fix for it!This Game looks like it was made in 3 Days, DONT BUY THIS GAME!I Refunded It After 30 Minutes"
,Not Recommended,645630,33915771,Posted: 30 July,all,zamp,"The first thing you notice when you launch the game is that it lacks a proper tutorial.You're throw into the game. Everything you look at spams text in your face and doesn't tell you much about how anything is operated. ""You use this tool called oil drainer to drain oil from cars."" No♥♥♥♥♥♥After mucking about for a while, taking a few jobs and completing them you start to get an innate understanding of how the game works. It's not a complex game to learn and the interface design works well enough that you don't really need a tutorial explaining how you take parts off, or how to put them back on.With the current experience and level up system you start with a repair skill with a 50/50 chance of fixing an item, leaving you with no other way to play the game than to buy all of the new parts.You can spend some skill points to increase this chance but the cost of a single skill point is too high to use it for this upgrade until you've run out of better upgrades to unlock and can just spend points willy nilly.Why are the skill points so expensive?The grind. If you are going to buy this game be ready to grind for 20 hours (if you don't know what job gives most xp in least time) to get to a level where the game they marketed starts. You know, the game where you go buy crap beat up cars, fix em up and sell them for profit. Since you will not be able to do that properly until you hit level 35 after which you can repair the body.To me it makes no sense to have the garage unlocks in the skill tree.If the garage unlocks were paid with money it would give the player freedom to save up money to buy those expensive upgrades, such as body repair and a paint booth.With the current level based progression you're left with no other alternative than to grind for hours and hours until you hit that magical level of 35. And once you reach this point you have so much money in your bank acccount that there's no game to play anymore. You've ""won"" the game just by grinding to reach the good bits of what it can offer.All in all the game works now (after two weeks of bugfixes). Meta game needs a lot of work. I can't recommend the game as is."
,Recommended,645630,33916427,Posted: 30 July,all,Night_Demon696,"Great game altho of the bugs i enjoy the details put into the game to make it a good game, i like how you can upgrade your garage to make it bigger and i like all the skills in the game as well. altho still a newley released game there are lots of bugs in it but its still a amazing game to play."
76561198141944629,Not Recommended,645630,33916731,Posted: 30 July,all,JT,"game is so broken. i have managed to sell the beginning vehicle, but when i try to restore the cape i get it fully restored but there isn't an oil fill plug or drain plug, i tried taking it off the the other engine and it freezes the game. going from working on the car back to walking around i have experienced 3 black screens."
76561198316561666,Recommended,645630,33919259,Posted: 30 July,all,loganveira,It ok it abut buggy but good the gameplay and reality is awesome
76561198218882340,Recommended,645630,33919267,Posted: 30 July,all,AC-HELLCAT,"The game is just simply awesome with out of this world awesome customer support. 10/10 game, 10/10 customer support and 10/10 would recommend."
76561198115550979,Recommended,645630,33928188,Posted: 31 July,all,Switch,"bug : trying to put back the wheels and the game is telling me that i cant procreed with the action, tried buying new tires/rims, put old wheels on new tires ect..."
,Recommended,645630,33928397,Posted: 31 July,all,Steej,"Enjoying the game so far, never owned 2015 version so cannot compare to it. I found figuring out how to do everything was a bit frustrating as with all new games theses days, seems no one wants to put out instructions on how to play the game but rather make that a game in itself. Over all like the game and will spend many hours building my empire. Yes the game has bugs and probably shouldn't have been released when it was but hey it you've played any alphas this is nothing...Overall I like it and with the continuous updates it will prove to be a great game, other than it takes to long to balance a tire lol.Keep the patches coming.  Good Job!"
76561198016019426,Recommended,645630,34073037,Posted: 6 August,all,RocknRolla,Epic
76561198012346474,Recommended,645630,34080588,Posted: 7 August,all,Dr. Placebo,"I think at this point the game is a buy if you were on the fence.  After 9 hours of continuous play I encountered really 3 bugs, and these were all minor that really didn't affect gameplay.I have previously played CMS 2014 and enjoyed that, so I figured this would be fun.  It did not disappoint.  I do wish there were a few things changed however and it may only be a bug now, but you can't take parts off while in ""examination"" view.  (that is one of the bugs mentioned earlier).  I had one car where a couple of parts disappeared in my inventory after I took them off (bug 2).  All in all however this game looks amazing, it ran really smooth and was fun to spend an afternoon messing around with.  I like the skill/exp system, and haven't really gotten to explore the barns/auctions/junkyard aspects yet, so I am really looking forward to that.  The tutorial for me really didn't help so it's been a little bit of a learning curve to get back into CMS but I have enjoyed it.  Some complained of it being too ""arcady"" but imo I like it.  I'm not mechanically inclined to a great extent so, when it highlights what part has to come off before what other part, or in rebuild mode what part you are missing, is an enjoyable aspect for me.  I think this game will only improve from this point forward, and honestly for $20.00 I think it is worth it.  You will spend that much on a trip to the movies easy for 3 hours of entertainement at best."
,Recommended,645630,34121525,Posted: 9 August,all,Fregs,"Just quick review about the bug fixesThis game is great, considering i know nothing about cars ive been able to get the hang of it and do all the repairs due to the intuitive system.the only bug i have encountered was a black screen on launch the first time, how i fixed was by selecting option ""reset settings"" on the laucnh options then waited and it worked dont need to do it now,  that is the ONLY BUG i have encounted on 4+ hours of gameplay, this show how comited the devs are since at launch it was ment to be broke and unplayable now ive encourted no game breaking bugs.The graphics are nice aswell"
,Recommended,645630,34132314,Posted: 9 August,all,Mikaelssen,"Absolutely educational and fantastic, they're doing rolling updates and patches to any issues.So far so good, i'd reccomend this!They have some .. well weird issues with the graphics performance, but they're working on that.Also the main menu is janky as hell but you'll never touch that much so it's ayyyy ok.8/10 from me, i've learned a ♥♥♥♥ ton about car parts."
76561198362813291,Not Recommended,645630,34144265,Posted: 10 August,all,egltlns,"I downloaded this game the day it came out and was so disappointed that I requested a refund. The game is extremely slow and when using the mouse you cant even work on one part at a time because the mouse keeps going past the part your trying to take of for repair or replacement for a new one. I went as far as turning all the video settings down on the computer hoping that would help. This game does have amazing graphics but with it running so choppy it was almost as if my computer was having a hard time keeping up with the game. Thing is I have an i5 qud core processor running 8gb of ram so I seriously dont think my computer is the issue as much as I would like to have believed that. I think ii only truthfully tried to play the game for 10 minutes before I decided it wasnt for me. Truthfully i reinstalled car mechanic simulator 2015 and continued playing it. Game play isnt as good as car mechanic simulator 2015 meaning the graphics and details in 2018 are much more, but running an i5 quad core processor with 8gb of ram should have been able to keep up with cms 2018 with ease but that wasnt the case. Very disappointed."
76561198354864976,Recommended,645630,34172832,Posted: 11 August,all,SILVER_BUL,"I'm appreciating this Red Dot.Its awesome that you will be adding so many new features to this already big and amazing game.Good job dev team.10/10 ,btw consider adding maybe a few EU car's (GER :D) Ill be definatly bying this DLC :)"
76561198028810199,Recommended,645630,34172870,Posted: 11 August,all,pcman1980,I started playing this game from the 2015 version of the game. So far from day one this game has passed what i thought they would do from where they left the game in the 2015 one. Everyday I start the game there is another patch that fixes something and that to me means the developers care about the game they have put out. I am so excited about what is to come from this team of developers. This game to me is a must buy if you like simulators games or you love cars. It may not be exacticly like be a mechanic but it is as best as you can get.
76561198286033511,Recommended,645630,34174219,Posted: 11 August,all,p.fidler,this game is very good and would recommend this game to my friends the only problem at the moment is that the achivements do not work and i would like this to be resolved as soon as possible but other than that everything is perfect with game hope to see more updates in the future and more dlc's for this game
,Recommended,645630,34174314,Posted: 11 August,all,Pabgon1,"Its a fantastic game that ive put tons of hours into. Yes it has bugs and was released in a rough state, but its a extremely enjoyable game. Its worth the $20, but if you are really picky about bugs or incomplete games, hold out for a couple more weeks."
76561198031665431,Recommended,645630,34174694,Posted: 11 August,all,So Say We All,"A good successor to Car Mechanic 2015. At launch there were a lot of bugs and terrible optimization, but the development team have been releasing at least one patch daily for a week straight fixing their mistakes and adding little content here and there. Most AAA games that launch with terrible builds get maybe one patch in the first month then you have to wait at least six months before the team even touches it again. I have low hours in the game because I have been waiting for the devs to work and fix most of the issues, which are almost all gone. Don't let the negative/mixed reviews scare you, most of them were posted at launch when the game was practically unplayable; they were valid critiques then, but now they are mostly outdated. As of now, it's pretty stable and the devs have stated they are going to keep working on it and adding content. If you liked CM15 or the old old old game ""Gearhead Garage"" back in the day, you will like this one.Aside from having generic/fake automakers, the devs have contracted with real automakers to have licensed vehicles, already including Mazda and Dodge at launch (as DLCs). There is a ocean going container ship worth of content that exceeds the previous game, including being able to find classic barn finds scattered around to collect and fix up. Almost every aspect of the car mechanic idea is improved upon, except when it comes to switching between mounting and dismounting parts from the car. In the previous game, you could swap back and forth seamlessly by pressing either the 1 key or 2 key on the keyboard respectively, but now you have to open up a selection wheel with the mouse and go through a tiny menue. It doesn't sounds like much, but it slows the process down a little. It's not something I want to judge the game over, it's just a little annoying at times. It's one of those features that you would expect to be in the previous game, and the previous game's way of swapping would be in the new, I guess. Just a personal gripe, everything else about the game is fantastic.In short, this game is worth investing in if you are a car fan and enjoy tinkering and building with things."
76561197999027215,Recommended,645630,34180338,Posted: 11 August,all,Pyrod,"great game, the bugs that are still around arent that bad looking forward to more content and updates"
,Recommended,645630,34185042,Posted: 11 August,all,LB23,"I have not played this game for hours on end, unlike some people. Yes there are a few bugs, BUT it is still worth the money you pay. The devs are doing the best they can, and you can see it is coming together."
76561197992921437,Recommended,645630,34185308,Posted: 12 August,all,PetJedi,"At the start of the game it was like an early access game in beta stage. But the team recognized this mistake, apologized and is working hard to make it better each day.The patches keeping coming and  for sure in a couple of weeks this game is really good.I can recommend it without any doubt. Didn't have so much fun playing since a long time!"
76561198007404536,Recommended,645630,34197411,Posted: 12 August,all,rafloe,realy captivating
,Recommended,645630,34197639,Posted: 12 August,all,fyrepony,"I had huge fun with last version and this is no exception to that, id say its one of those underapreciated games that you pickup and then instantly fell in love with, bugs have been fixed mostly and would totally recommend this game(If you are worried about requirements of the game)  well dont be because i been running this game with 2010 tech without issues :D"
76561198017942886,Recommended,645630,34197913,Posted: 12 August,all,LP  l  Zak,"First off, this game is very fun and addictive. Lots of bad reviews about bugs, but its an early access game so you get whatcha expect. I really recommend getting this game, not bad for the price. I love it and it is very fun to play even if you know nothing about cars. Haven't experienced any major bugs, but I do know that the developers are working constantly on this game. 8.5-10. Will easily be a 10-10 in a few months after patches get released."
,Recommended,645630,34198844,Posted: 12 August,all,s5digital,"CMS 2015 was my go-to game to unwind after a long day. CMS 2018 is no different. There is something quite relaxing about taking apart an engine and putting it back together. While the game was released with quite a few bugs and missing features, the developer has owned up to it and has been regularly releasing patches to the game at a record pace. This is more than I can say about the big devs and game studios. There are still some bugs present, but I haven't experienced any that are game breakers. Pick this up and give it a chance, you won't regret it."
76561198058399190,Recommended,645630,34199615,Posted: 12 August,all,BastianDD,"Wauw.. What a game! I'm not the most hardcore car mechanic and i have only recently found out about the games, but so far i'm loving it. I knew nothing about the game or cars and only watched  1 gaming review of the game before trying it out for myself, but with only a few hours of learning in the process og fixing cars I learned it all. Super easy! And the developers are doing such a fantastic job fixing and patching the game. Buy it right now and enjoy it!"
76561198125556086,Recommended,645630,34209568,Posted: 13 August,all,Ellie,"Now there's been a lot of anger around this game, personally I think a little more appreciation towards the developers is needed.  We all know the story, a buggy game release, so much so some people could not play.  However the dev's have been non-stop updating to fix this, and I don't actually mind paying while they patch because I know from past games of theirs that they will fix their faults.Now to get onto the actual game, I love it!  I used to play Car Mechanic Simulator 15 here and there, I never really fully engaged in it though, I felt the XP was quite hard to gain, jobs got very same-y.  However I have been much more into CMS 18, there's story jobs which gives a nice break after grinding missions to level up. I also prefer the interface, its quite clean cut and easy to use with your mouse OR controller.  Yes I still find myself using keys to switch modes before realising I can't, so perhaps the dev's could set an option to enable using keys as well as the pie chart (E.g. 1 to dissemble, 2 to assemble).I still find you have to do quite a bit of grinding to unlock the full game which can be annoying (I'm inpatient) as it takes quite a while to unlock being able to go to scrapyards and barns.  I already know the basics so it's quite tedious to do those jobs over and over again to get to my favourite part of the game - restoring cars.  I don't mind doing the jobs now as much because I'm doing it for money to get new parts for my cars. As well as this you have to get to quite a high level to unlock a welder which would be handy right now.  But I guess games have to make you work for stuff otherwise we'd stop playing as soon as we unlocked it all.Eitherway I recommend this game to past fans, or new people just stumbling across CMS.  Whether you know about cars or not it's a fun game if you enjoy game types of building up a business. I actually know absolutely nothing about cars but I love this game."
,Recommended,645630,34210035,Posted: 13 August,all,Gravity,Good game great developers
,Recommended,645630,33872901,Posted: 28 July,all,military grade fursuits,"I haven't played a whole lot but I think I've played enough to slap a ""works on my machine"" sticker on it.Forgive me for not going into more detail but I wanted to post a review to possibly drown out all the people who can't wait a day for patches on a newly released game. Performace was noticably worse in the tutorial than the normal game like others claim, maybe because its a fully stocked garage, but either way it was still very playable and almost not worth noting for me. So far this is a welcome addition to the series that brings even more depth to the diagnostic process and repair mechanics. The menu design could be better but I found myself zipping through it pretty easily after an hour or so. Overall pretty good and worth the price, and the 10% off at launch doesn't hurt. (another 10% off if you bought the previous games too!)"
,Recommended,645630,33873179,Posted: 28 July,all,sNiLLoC,"So far I have enjoyed this game, it is a little buggy at times but overall I woudl recommend for anyone that has interest in cars and sim games."
76561198000137437,Not Recommended,645630,33873578,Posted: 28 July,all,jaybollman,"""Body Disassemble Mode"" keeps freezing and locking everything up. Really dissappointing after spending 3 hours on 1 car. Get it together."
,Not Recommended,645630,33873729,Posted: 28 July,all,hellrazor2816,"Terrible, I got a glitch where i can't put Front Shock absorbers on a car and now its stuck in my garage and i can't get any other cars in my garage"
,Recommended,645630,33874109,Posted: 28 July,all,Austin,"EDIT: A patch was released that fixed basically everything I commented on.The game's graphics are a big improvemnt from the last. However, currently, the game is unoptimized and stutters quite often. Also, it's just been released today so as expected, there may be a few bugs. However, in my barely 2 hours of playtime the game has frozen up several times. Each time I try to take off the oil drain plug, oil fill cap, or the dipstick, it comes off, but then the controls get locked. The game isn't frozen, all input is just blocked for whatever reason. Also, the right click circle menu is kind of clunky and not smooth. Another thing that annoys me is how check and guess it is with moving engines from cars to the engine lift and then to the engine stand, and then all back again. It takes well over 5-10 minutes just to get it set up correctly. My engines that I've rebuilt completely just disappear after removing them from the stand. These are all bugs that should've been found before they released, especially since they delayed it so many times.Also, the mouse in the menu is very buggy, and you can't turn of mouse acceleration...They also don't give you any directions on what to do at all when you first start. Luckily I've played the previous game and kind of knew what to do, however a new player would be completely clueless.EDIT: None of the car lifts work at all either, might be user error. Also, just realized I start with -39/0 skill points...For now im not going to reccomend it due to the fact that it's close to unplayable, but when all of that is fixed I will gladly change my review."
76561198050119204,Not Recommended,645630,33874622,Posted: 29 July,all,Don Porleone,"i played the previous game Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 and tought i would have a fun time playing this too, but no. awful tutorial, slippery controls, barely any options in the settings plus you have to go to the MAIN menu to change settings, crashed 4 times before i got any gameplay at all, too long loading screens for a game this size and my coupon didn't even work. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198080582424,Recommended,645630,33877301,Posted: 29 July,all,Red Feather,"As a real life mechanic and having played the previous CMS i have to say this new title is way more in depth. having to actually take the tires of a rim to change them, splitting a coilover into 3 seperate parts to change the shock and such is amazing and just like real life. I feel i'm gonna be playing this for a long time.SHOULD YOU GET THIS GAME?well if you like grinding jobs to get some cash together to go buy a project car at an auction or go find something in a barn, completely fix a car up from a bare rusty chassis to a horsepower monster or a showcar, or you like to start a collection of cars, then this is THE GAME FOR YOU!!!you can easily spend hours on end taking apart cars to find that one little part that needs replacing, or you know, just use the diagnostic tools to find it so much faster.oh and did i mention you can modify the interior to your liking? seats, steering wheels, etc, can all be replaced with other options, lowrider style, sporty, racecar, you name it!It's all possible in this amazing Car Mechanic Simulator 18"
76561198207786484,Recommended,645630,33880664,Posted: 29 July,all,Rando,I would just like to say this game was all I've waited for and more the doc as usual makes it I seen a dyno so I assume well have some performance following soon good graphics nice game play I was worried about low fps like all the reviews I seen but I'm far from getting low fps really do like the game and appreciate the release I've noticed one bug and that's when I go to the auction other than that I've had ZERO trouble
,Not Recommended,645630,33881253,Posted: 29 July,all,rmorris,Game Play is screwed-up. DON'T waste money on this game.
,Recommended,645630,33885128,Posted: 29 July,all,Pure Autism,"I have CMS 2015 and after playing it for a while, i got bored of it becasue of its grindy game play. I don't like grindy games. With high hopes that the 2018 CMS wouldnt be grindy, i was wrong. When i finished the tutorial, i started at nothing and it just made it really boring and long. But, everything else about the game it perfect!awesome graphicsawesome new cars and car partsmore cool new soundswhat else is there to say other than awesome upgrades form last year! it runs great (I have GTX 1070, and a i7 6700 processer)"
,Recommended,645630,33885491,Posted: 29 July,all,Squeaky,"There is a lot more to this game than the first one. Just after going through the tutorial, there are a lot more steps to doing a lot of the work later down the line. For example, there is a spring removal station...Still a good game. It was CLEARLY ported from console to PC. All the menus in game are setup for controller, and the mouse accerlation (no option to turn off) is made for thumbsticks. There are a lot of clicks to get to where you want to go, whereas the previous game there were shortcuts.The test drive is awkward on the keyboard, I'll try it again with the controller and see if it's better.Game ran fine for me, no glitches or slowdowns.Intel i7-7740xEVGA 1080ti3,686,400 million pixels16 ""Gigga""bytesA motherboard that blinks and beeps"
,Recommended,645630,33886155,Posted: 29 July,all,abnkicker,I reccomend it if you like this sort of game.  Initial version is buggier than a termites nest in Sub-Saharan Africa.
,Recommended,645630,33887968,Posted: 29 July,all,🅻🅸🅻 | CSGO500,They fixed most of the bugs in the game during release day and there are many new and cool gameplay features that have been added since CMS14 and CMS 15.
,Not Recommended,645630,33888234,Posted: 29 July,all,Nicht Nein Kein,Game is full of bugs unfortunately. I have received an update today which made everything worse.Screen goes blank when getting out of assembly mode.Performance is crawling.It's too soon to buy until they fix these obvious bugs.
76561198018802068,Not Recommended,645630,33889462,Posted: 29 July,all,Cryrix,"The game has a lot of potential.  If you are new to the Car Mechanic Simulator games, this may not be the right choice for you just yet.  I would recommend that you pick up 2015 at this time.  2018 has a lot of bugs and graphical issues.  The developers do a great job of addressing customer feedback and I am sure they are working to fix many of these issues.People that have played 2015 may find the new interface setup a little strange at first but after you play for a bit it gets easier.  There are so many new options that have been added to 2018.  Once the bugs get worked out, this should be an amazing mechanic simulation game.  This is a mechanic simulator.  If you are looking for a Need for Speed type game, this is not for you.If you want to get into the games, go with 2015 for now.  The price for both games is not unreasonable.  I would wait on 2018 until major bug fixes are worked out.  Put this game on your watch list and stay tuned."
,Recommended,645630,33889575,Posted: 29 July,all,kingsley,This game is amazing just needs some updates to fix some stuff like the fps but im sure they will fix this the last game had problems and they fixed it so no need to worry about it you have to give them a chance as there new to all this stuff and how much more is in this game.
76561198075331772,Recommended,645630,33890145,Posted: 29 July,all,Cyaneyed,"The game is overall enjoyable, but they are still in process of fixing most bugs we find over the course of the weekend, which is nice.. but ive been waiting all day for patch 1.0.3 to fix some bigger issues, i reccomend waiting a bit longer before you pick it up, theres dozens of cars. but some of the controls are a bit clunky, and it needs a bit more optimization. but i still reccomend the game,Day 1: i track tested a car with bad suspension. BAD idea, car nearly flipped over. lmfao"
76561198031794636,Recommended,645630,33890210,Posted: 29 July,all,Cormoro,"Yes, there are some bugs to be worked out. The devs have released multiple patches in the first day or so and plan on releasing more to make the game more playable.It would be beneficial to skip the tutorial by test driving a car.The leveling system is great, It makes you feel like you have to earn your top notch shop. I only have 5 hours in and I am no where near that point, but I can tell already that the journey will be well worth it.I have personally only encountered 2 bugs in my 5 hours and they were very minor. The game is also running great for me on high graphics settings. This is my personal experience, not the overall opinion of everyone.Overall, I am thoroughly enjoying this game. Even though it may be somewhat unpolished at present, I feel it will get to the poished state very quickly. The devs are working hard and almost around the clock to improve the game. The devs listen to the players as well.The game is also at a great price. Even buying the silver edition with the 2 DLCs, it is under $25. It is hard to find a good game for that price that you can play for hours on end. The DLC on day 1, a complaint by some, is necessary for contracts with the manufacturers.I would recommend this game today and going forward."
,Recommended,645630,33891502,Posted: 29 July,all,Tivoliterror,"Give the developers some time and they will fix all the bugsThey had a terrible launch and they are very aware of that, i would NOT refund this game even though the game is in this state, as the said give them some time and let us as the users be their bug testers"
76561197991201231,Recommended,645630,33891836,Posted: 29 July,all,GaryLaserEyes,"Have to play it on MED video settings due to it being unopitmiezed. other then that I havent had too many issues. Sometimes the drain plugs get screwy, and the path test didnt work, but I look forward to seeing the game patched. I was a fan of CMS15."
76561198066377725,Not Recommended,645630,33894059,Posted: 29 July,all,R3B3L_SCUM95,"Buggy new release, many freezing black screen, optimization issues and crashes to be expected, engine stand breaks the game, trying to move a car from auction to garage breaks the game, dyno not yet implemented, and parts (like an oil fill plug) missing from parts store. It's pretty much CMS '16 again with a few extra features, worth $20? maybe, depends on how much you enjoyed the old version, Devs need to do some serious work to save this game though, really sucks to spend 2 hours rebuilding a car to have the game crash without any recent save point undoing all of the work."
76561198056317577,Recommended,645630,33895219,Posted: 29 July,all,weak nigga,"Needs optimization severely, however gameplay is fantastic."
,Not Recommended,645630,33895530,Posted: 29 July,all,SorryNotGabeN,"As of right now, the game is not optimized and if you move your cursor around slightly too fast it will freeze frame for about 3 seconds to catch up."
76561198000261653,Recommended,645630,33896338,Posted: 29 July,all,Tynannasaurus,"Yes at initial release it was an absolute mess, completely unplayable actually. the game lagged incredibly and crashed frequently on low graphics setting. but the first update was a massive improvement and made the game playable (for me on medium graphics on a GTX780). after the second update i am now playing on the high setting absolutely fine. the game is heading in a good direction from here, it should only get better and faster. overall a good 7/10 for this one. The let downs for me would be the lack of settings and the pie menu. The keys and numbers system of CMS2015 was much more fluent and fast paced but eventualy the pie is easy to get use to. For CMS newcomers i recomend CMS2015 but for CMS fans this is definately a great addition no matter how many negative reviews there are for not running on the more outdated parts or for the week delay."
,Recommended,645630,33896378,Posted: 29 July,all,GWgameing1,"This game may have been delayed and have a good amount of bugs but that doesn't hide the fact that the game devs are trying all they can to improve the game, which i believe is already better than CMS15."
,Not Recommended,645630,33897250,Posted: 29 July,all,Kris P. Bacon,"After 9 hours , i can say you should wait till a few more patches are out , because at 6 horus in i encountered a bug that made it so i couldnt finish fixing an engine , couldnt clear the job and was stuck due to a recent save , now after ive restarted , had a game crash now my file has seemed to delete itself , starting over again for the 3rd time , the game is good but needs some serious work still and feels like it was rushed with the ammount of bugs that we are encountering"
76561198065553231,Recommended,645630,33897734,Posted: 29 July,all,PhatsoJuggalo806,"Still buggy but an improvement from the last one. WE NEED A FORD DLC!!! Seeing how their always broke down. But serisouly, would love a Ford dlc. especially since most of the engines seem ford based"
76561197961825178,Not Recommended,645630,33897859,Posted: 29 July,all,Statutory Ape,"Same two missions over and over. Will give positive review when that changes. Very buggy too, but mostly playable."
,Recommended,645630,33897993,Posted: 29 July,all,jnol8,"I bought the game after trying the demos for CMS 14 and 15. I got to the first job which was taking a tire off and replacing brake pads and a few other parts around the wheel. I spent 50 minutes playing that one job and in that time, I couldn't get everything to go back on. I tried going to the other tire, disassembling it and writing down the steps then following that in reverse, couldn't put everything back on. Watched a YouTube walkthrough on it and followed that, it still wouldn't go back on. Nothing I tried would let me finish the job and I had to ask for a refund because after 50 minutes trying to do one thing, I'm not gonna spend more time on it. However, while I gave this game a yes, I believe that it was a glitch and it was a bug I had in my game. I'll give it some more time and try buying it again and if I have the same problem, oh well. I really liked the game too, just need to give it a bit to see if the early kinks are worked out."
76561198066092926,Not Recommended,645630,33898068,Posted: 29 July,all,ICON | Kink,"It's evident that this game can have some potential. However, I can't recommend it in it's current state. While the concepts are a big plus, there are game breaking glitches and bugs that leave this game unplayable. For example: the game randomly deciding to freeze after installing a part of a car, leaving the player nothing to do but restart the game and lose all unsaved progress, which could be the entire game. Other issues include: fixed parts not regestering on the list of things to fix, thus making the order impossible to complete, random major fps drops, and other small things that happen frequently and annoy the sh** out of me. Again, this can turn out to be a very good game. There's a lot of things it needs to work out first though."
,Recommended,645630,33898779,Posted: 30 July,all,Turbodave222,"first when it came out, it was a disaster, but the devs are very open to suggestions and problems and have been bringing updates out the whole weekend, even at night. Now the game is playable and it improves fast!!! friday i wouldnt have recommended, but today, yes i can recommend it to everyone with a decent desktop or laptop. if your gaming system is like 5-6 years old, dont buy it, it will ask to much atm"
76561198006629955,Not Recommended,645630,33899264,Posted: 30 July,all,Schody,"I think its unfair for me to write a review with only 5.3 hours played, alot of these have been dealing with head scratchers.  Firstly the impression of the game is awesome, graphics are superb with only a few minor clipping issues but these are really hard to spot.  What is evident though is the real lack of quality control and testing, the one thing that really made the game for me previously was the atmosphere and features.  All the features are there (I hope as I only have 5 hours in) but the atmosphere is not, no music at all because of previous reported bugs, constant foot steps when not moving makes the garage haunted? lol.  The story cars that come in, increase in difficulty until you load your last game save then its back to the beginning.  I think its a pity that the game is unfinished, untested and unpolished because then it would be superb.  I will update this review as more updates come out but I would avoid for now to avoid dissapointment.  Unless you like haunted garages, random bugs, no audio and quality control/testing done by ubisoft ;)"
76561198097868020,Not Recommended,645630,33900670,Posted: 30 July,all,Big Iced John,The game is simply not ready. I loved CMS2015 and this has a ton of potential but just from the first hour of gameplay I have encountered a lot of bugs. There are no performance parts as of now and controls are not well thought out or user friendly.I have not been experiencing the optimization issues that many reviewers have reported.I am looking forward to playing this in a few weeks time hoping that most of the major issues will be fixed.
,Recommended,645630,33901392,Posted: 30 July,all,Scout,Lots of improvements over the 2015 game.
76561198139030996,Recommended,645630,33901933,Posted: 30 July,all,⛧SATAN⛧,"great game and highly recomend, but ive found a couple bugs thatcan stump the tutoral."
76561198036225391,Recommended,645630,33902818,Posted: 30 July,all,DoktorZeus,"Is a really good game! But there are quite a few bugs.Very addictive game and i spent 10 hours playing on the first day I got it.Very in depth so far, and as i understand, this games development is ongoing, but I think there is a lot of room for improvment. Things i'd like to see would be when you get calls saying ""knocking form engine bay"", that when you take it for a test drive, you can actually hear the knocking, or when inspecting the cam rods for example you can actually see they are bent or damadged.AS i said, very very good and addictive game, and i am sure there is alot of stuff in the works.Definatly recommned this game to any aspiring mechanic. If anything, it will teach you where all the parts go so you dont end up with those pesky leftover pieces!!"
,Not Recommended,645630,33908745,Posted: 30 July,all,haloharry,The game is full of game breaking bugs.opshions are limite.
76561198059722423,Not Recommended,645630,33910065,Posted: 30 July,all,Crimson Crow,Lots of Bug Issues that kick you out. The cars to buy are way over priced. I played for 10 hours strait and still never got to got to the junkyard/auction House. The game would eat my parts after i bought them so i lost even more money. Was a really big let down.
,Recommended,645630,33910721,Posted: 30 July,all,lord-bas,A lot has changed since the last version of this game.At first the game has many bugs and errors but the developers are working hard to make it work.I recommend this game but wait a little longer for the developers to fix it well.
76561198219700932,Not Recommended,645630,33911063,Posted: 30 July,all,mjstyy,Buggy as hell. Not worth the money.
76561198029090485,Not Recommended,645630,33912091,Posted: 30 July,all,dubba7,"Buggiest game I have ever played, even after several hotfixes.  I have played beta/alpha stage games that functioned better than this.  It has great potential to be much better than the 2015 version but as it is, that version is at least working and fun to play.  This game has parts go missing from  your inventory, random freeze ups, black screens, random massive FPS drops, cars you purchase at barn or junkyard and send to garage will not be there nor in the parking when you get back, level unlocks that seem to do nothing, etc.  Plenty of the problems can be found in other reviews and the discussion.  A terrible mistake to release the game in the state it was and even in the state it is in after many hotfixes.  I suggest anybody looking to buy it wait for a while till it's fixed and/or on sale at 50% or more discount."
76561198072870043,Recommended,645630,33912953,Posted: 30 July,all,Gedders2012,"Definately an improvement on CMS 2015. Alot more realistic with the new aspects. As people have said, there are issues at the moment. But i have the utmost faith in the guys at Red ot. Keep up the good work guys!  I would say to any prospective buyer that this is not a finished article at the moment. But once it is fully patched, it'll be a hell of a game."
76561198148245919,Recommended,645630,33913857,Posted: 30 July,all,Brodie bro,Their is some lag but it's a new game they should fix it. It is worth it very good quality and runs great but the little lag.
76561198006394612,Recommended,645630,33914654,Posted: 30 July,all,Diddymeo,Keep up the great work and get this game running 100%. CMS 15 was amazing and I am very sure CMS 18 will be amazing as well. All games have some hiccups at the beginning. Stop listening to all the complainers who have nothing better to do with their lives.
,Not Recommended,645630,33915138,Posted: 30 July,all,Rollman,This game is broken. Cant even complete first car as the lift will not actually rise so that i can replace the brakes. The box that controls the lift does not recognize any commands whether you click or hold click on it and car stays on the ground. Seems like alpha access rather than a released game. Will be returning since i am less than an hour.
76561198040889084,Not Recommended,645630,33916650,Posted: 30 July,all,Simply G,"I don't really review often but I was really expecting this game to be awesome. I work in a real garage and I enjoy playing car mechanic simulator on my free time. I bought this one expecting some new changes and I got really disapointed.Graphic are ok, could've been better especially with details like wiring and new other stuff.Here's a simple review of what I think of it : It simply just wrong , car is having braking issue and I have to replace brake pads on only 1 side ? Brake disk are so rusty but they still have like 60% remaining while the other side look exactly the same but with 5% remaining. I got a timing chain job on a car with 12 000km ... Wtf? Car was all rusty , everything in the timing had to be changed and some door had color mismatch like.. yeah real life right there?. This game honestly doesn't represent the real mechanic. It just the fact that if the parts is rusty , you have to change it since it probably broken. I was expecting lots of new thing but it basically CMS15 with some add-on.Bugs : I get a job with special list to find out which parts are bad in the engine. The engine in my inspection is fully red and it has 15% left , yet it not even written in my list and I still have 1 parts unknow. I've literally stripped out the car to find nothing and It stuck unfinished in my Garage.Would I recommend this game to someone else ? No, I'm asking for a refund."
,Not Recommended,645630,33917107,Posted: 30 July,all,Jagged™,"As of right now, don't purchase this game. The PC port is awful and struggles to run smoothly. The pie menu was a strange and un needed addition. I loved CMS 2015, and jumping from that game to this one definitely seems like a step down."
,Not Recommended,645630,33918397,Posted: 30 July,all,Mostly...,"You must be kidding... all the things you would expect from an early access game are present in this game at release.  Even after plentiful patches, the bug fixes have created new bugs,  Features promised are not present or were moved into pay-for DLC - super unethical business practice IMO.  Plus the devs and publishers are and have shown their true colors in the time since release and have been venting their own frustration back at us, the ones who bought the game (aka their supporters).I wont bother with pro's and cons, etc since it's not really necessary for me to strongly recommend that you not support this sort of developer and publisher.  Please read the forums for more details (assuming the devs haven't deleted all the posts or banned everyone yet)."
76561198319245504,Recommended,645630,33918626,Posted: 30 July,all,BORDELON199,"4.5 hours in and still loving it. great graphics and gameplay so far. minor bugs, but nothing that makes the game absolutley un-playable. 2 days out now and i just recieved the updates from steam so looks like devs are paying attention to all feedback. totally recommend."
76561198231003564,Recommended,645630,33919235,Posted: 30 July,all,MaximumDestruction,great game but runs slow on my pc. i would upgrade to a better one but no money on me for a pc. but its a good game and ill play more when able to.
,Recommended,645630,33925560,Posted: 31 July,all,KarL,Прикольная игруха! Надеюсь что будут еще новые дополнения с реальными марками автомашин!
76561198075486802,Recommended,645630,33926177,Posted: 31 July,all,Preffs,"some bugs here and there, cant understand how to swap engines or add a supercharger. but overall so far its good under the circumstances."
,Recommended,645630,33929096,Posted: 31 July,all,GliderGaming,I can see where the negative reviews are coming from when i load the game my settings go back to the stock ones and i have to click apply again and pls add Sandbox mode
,Recommended,645630,33984139,Posted: 2 August,all,Mysterious18c,"Good game for low spec gamers on low settings, But very sad that it had a terible release. Everything was buggy and I still get some lag. Maybe just wait a bit to get the game after especially when more graphics options appear. Dont know why there are only 1 option saying low medium high ultra. Just wait maybe a couple days for them to fix bugs that happen everyday and it will be a good game. (Workshop just came out a few hours ago aswell so they are active developers.)"
76561198045825818,Recommended,645630,33986540,Posted: 2 August,all,Xavier Vairo,"Quick Summary :  Excellent game mechanically, but super buggy.  I'd put it on your wish list and wait for a little while, unless you are willing to put up with the bugs.I am a huge fan of the first two games.  CMS 2018 does all of the same things in the first two games, but everything is massivley improved.  Mechanically, this is a wonderful game.  Unfortunatley, it is very buggy.  Crashes, freezes, menus getting stuck on screen are pretty common.  The game has recived about six patches around now, and is in much better shape, but I'd still avoid it (for now) if this is going to be your first Car Mechanic Sim game."
76561198396942467,Not Recommended,645630,33987262,Posted: 3 August,all,kawaii~,"This is not a game for me.i wait CMS 2018 long enough and when i go to store and see i bought it because i think CMS is the best car simulation game nowadays.BUT,started to play, go to tutorial, and? wtf? this is not tutorial at all. i spent more than 5hrs in tutorial because i don't understand at all. totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t tutorial, tired, and i skipped it.and then what? no song at all on all radio channels, many bugs which made me have to restart the game, and i still playing it in hope it would be fun later. but after 10hrs playing I GOT NO STORY AND MOVE AT ALL. Always busy in the garage, dunno what is money for, can't open the other map except parking lots(which is no use at the beginning i believe), and the worst is we dunno what to do next. this game not even has 1 single story. not even a text story. I don't know if there is any NPC out there but i didn't find one yet.the gameplay is so far away from the video trailer and start scene. this is not a game. better you buy VR games rather than this one. totally dissapointed!you are not welcome at all from the beginning of the game. very bad UI and UX. the only one thing you can enjoy is the graphic. the game options also very poor. trust me you will regret!"
,Recommended,645630,33987813,Posted: 3 August,all,DVendetta56,Game is fun. Bugs are present but updates are coming out rapidly.
76561198132974944,Recommended,645630,34007812,Posted: 3 August,all,SwungAbyss76,"Sure, this game has a lot of bugs at the current moment. But if you look around all of the bugs, there is a great game. This game has a lot of potential AND the patches are coming out at a steady pace. Keep up the good work guys, it is starting to turn out!"
76561197990809972,Recommended,645630,34022101,Posted: 4 August,all,[SB]Drunk_Cat,"The game is fun even with the bugs, and glitches. But if you get past that its got a really solid base game. The devs are also really doing a great job on releasing patches which is an awesome sign! I give this game a 8.5/10."
,Recommended,645630,34022576,Posted: 4 August,all,Hebbie \\ The Flying Dutchman,"Can't say this is a bad game.. I didn't encounter that many bugs. This game is definitely playable and enjoyable (especially after the patches of the last days).On the other hand, i do feel like this is just another version of CMS 2015. I hoped for abit more and new content, FE: multiplayer, constumer interaction and hybrid / electric cars to fix (maybe a dlc?). I do believe the DLC's will fix this ""problem"". Let's hope they are amazing!I do recommend this game if you truly loved CMS 2015, or if you  never played any of the games before and think you'll like it."
76561198333185143,Recommended,645630,34136783,Posted: 9 August,all,spinboyggg,I really like this game but today my profile on the game which I  was level 17 and I had to restart the game
,Not Recommended,645630,34142806,Posted: 10 August,all,cRANIUM,"Only game i've ever written a review for and this is because of how much frustration this game has caused me.16 hours played, everything was perfectly fine, no FPS issues or performance issues etc for this 16 hours.As soon as patch 1.1.6 was released all my hard work was basically destroyed, the game no longer loads.They're trying to fix bugs yes thats understandable but their attempts to fix bugs has therefor most likely destroyed my save file as it was working perfectly fine before this patch.I've followed multiple guides on how to fix this issue and it seems my whole save file is either broken or corrupted.Thanks alot CMS2018... heres to another great year."
76561198024502977,Recommended,645630,34147710,Posted: 10 August,all,Suficer,"From the mishap with releasing the game at first with all the problems, things are changing fast. From when I wrote this review there has already been 18 updates to the game, and has changed alot, and adding new stuff all the time. With so much added, its getting better, day by day.Yes there are still a few glitches in there but they will be gone in a short time for sure. Whether you want to wait another week or buy it now, its all your choice, but either way its worth getting, if you liked CMS15 and before.If you still get it now and then complain about all the glitches, can only say thats your fault, if you didnt read up about it or use YouTube than youre a dipstick."
76561198018833212,Not Recommended,645630,34152878,Posted: 10 August,all,EvilDutchrebel,"I love simulation games, but I just can't play this. The UI is way too clunky, you can't turn the camera while disasembling the vehicle. and the sounds are so god damn loud! I had to put it on 5 and then in Windows itself I had to turn it down to 10% and it was still pretty loud.I hoped it would have been better after a couple of updates but no...I can't say that I recommend this game."
76561198089884862,Not Recommended,645630,34155062,Posted: 10 August,all,BONZİ BUDDY,"First time playing the game:60 fpsAfter some patches:50today:40""optimization """"finished game ""(developers are trying though"
,Recommended,645630,34157020,Posted: 10 August,all,Talon,"Don't overlook this game, the core experience is as solid as ever and the team is patching it every day. The graphics and atmosphere are spot on. Loving the game already and can't wait to see where it goes, even though it feels like an early access title at this point."
76561198067093002,Recommended,645630,34172778,Posted: 11 August,all,Quasar3210,"I absolutely recommend this game.  Yes it had iss issues from launch, yes maybe it could have been tested better in the first place, but the game was quite honestly never unplayable for me.  Add to that a Development team that Apologized and then proceeded to give us 19 pactches, Yes I said 19!! in 2 weeks time since launch,  They wanted to fix their errors and it quite obviously shows.  The game keeps improving constantly and they have assured that the added features and more fixes as needed will continue to come.  If your on the fence,, just buy the game. exercise a little bit of patience if you happen to experience a bug that annoys you, report it, and I would say there is a very very good chance of it actually being fixed.  There are sooo many other games ive bought over the years that I cant say the same for.   Great job Red Dot/Playway."
76561198412104337,Recommended,645630,34172788,Posted: 11 August,all,colinhaynes82,This game is the best love it
76561197986887465,Recommended,645630,34173549,Posted: 11 August,all,Scar_MaKer,"This game, yes it started off not 100% completed to everyones expectations, but it has not grew and grew. If you liked 2015 I suggest you buy this game instead, If you like cars in general I suggest you buy this game."
76561198029721667,Recommended,645630,34173614,Posted: 11 August,all,mr.mike.myers,"Bought it a week after release. Never experienced performance issues. Though I have a powerful rig (GTX 1080).As for game itself, looks very cool so far."
76561198079066168,Recommended,645630,34173759,Posted: 11 August,all,krankyone,"Ignore the hate, this game is fantastic. If you liked CMS 2015 you will like this 3x as much."
76561198103525550,Recommended,645630,34174955,Posted: 11 August,all,Grizzly_Dan,"Started out a little rough, but the developers have worked extremely hard to fix issues.  Great job of that."
76561198007342986,Recommended,645630,34175419,Posted: 11 August,all,Nektar,its fun game and there is no other game like this out there from what i have seenis good to see developers like to make it even better:)
76561197999049126,Recommended,645630,34181224,Posted: 11 August,all,BlackiCE,Devs have been very busy getting this game to a workable state and very fast.As for the game it is great so far.  Aside from the bugs at the start it is fun to tear the car down and find issues.  Well done!
76561198029389069,Recommended,645630,34186507,Posted: 12 August,all,Range Rooney,Even though the game has bugs and isnt really finished yet the experience I had was very good! Just give the game a couple of weeks and it should be the best mechanic simulation out there!
,Recommended,645630,34197668,Posted: 12 August,all,The Lamb?,9/10CMS 18 is an awesome game. I have noticed the smallest bugs here and there but nothing game breaking. The amount of cars and how in depth the repair system is really makes this game something worth playing. Every day i see the developers are striving hard to make this game better and smooth out any flaws. We all remember Destiny and GTA V ONLINE when they first came out. Give them some time.
76561198083956401,Recommended,645630,34198515,Posted: 12 August,all,Heshan,Great follow up for one of my favourite games! Love all the hardwork and TLC that the developers have put into the game after a somewhat iffy release.Keep up the good work guys! Can't wait to see what you come up with for the game in the future.
76561198005276305,Recommended,645630,34201973,Posted: 12 August,all,i_r_jordan,"While there are bugs, the patches have been coming daily since release. There are more cars now and more engine types. Modding support is on the way! :D"
76561198080384601,Recommended,645630,34210162,Posted: 13 August,all,Hecckerr. csgo-lottery.com,"Played it for a few hours now, and I must say it's not bad.yes the game isn't complete yet, but I haven't encountered any bugs or crashes yet.the controlls are something you need to get used to but once you do it works just fine.I like how they put a little more depth into the game by adding things like spring compressors and tire changers.but like I said the game just isn't finished yet.so is it worth it? Right now I wouldn't be to sure, But in the long run I think it'll be worth it!also; my fps is stable at 30-45 during gameplay at high-ultra settings.some pc specs:AMD fx-8350 @4ghzAMD r9 290 4 gb8 gb RAM 1833"
76561198022658898,Not Recommended,645630,33873099,Posted: 28 July,all,IGORYUS,BUGS BUGS BUGS !!!
,Recommended,645630,33898236,Posted: 29 July,all,Aking-Of-Worst,"If you played CMS 2015, you will like it.Needs performance improvements."
,Recommended,645630,33900363,Posted: 30 July,all,Darkstar5458,"Much like 2015, but with better features such as tire assembly/dissassembly, much better look and graphics, Waaay better GUI, an interesting take on the gameplay as far as navigating is concerned, among other things.My biggest fear in purchasing this game was, if it was going to be so similar to 2015. Fortunately, theres plenty of updates and overall better gameplay in CMS18. I'm happy to be pleased with buying this game."
,Not Recommended,645630,33906007,Posted: 30 July,all,Pato,"Absolute pile of rubbish, so unbelievably buggy. Clunky and unintuitive controls, slow to respond and laggy. I am sure it has some nice features, but when removing the oil drain plug doesn't drain the oil, I cannot recommend this.... Anyone else remember the days when people actually bothered to test games before selling them? DO NOT BUY UNTIL THEY FIX THESE GAME BREAKING BUGS"
,Recommended,645630,33909636,Posted: 30 July,all,-=][Red:Fox][=-,"My brother-in-law was sitting next to me and he said ""Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 is out"", I replied ""I swear I will buy it this moment"" ...And I did, and oh it is sooooooo worth it, they upped their game, it is by far much more better, fun and informative than the previous iterations!!!Bare in mind that this game is still new, (2 days old after writing this review with 3.3 Hrs of game play) it has already reached version 1.0.4 so the progress in fixing the launch bugs are noticable.Do not buy this game if you will whine about the bugs, buy this for the fun of fixing a car without getting your hands dirty.Recommended 9/10well at least they do apologize for mistakes unlike psyonix (which I am still suffering with crappy lag since I am from the middle east)"
76561198348856186,Recommended,645630,33912124,Posted: 30 July,all,Blindshootist,Game is buggy I'll give some of you that. but for a crowdfunded game I'm beyond impressed..The updates keep coming and problems are getting fixed so I'd have to say so far I'm pretty happy with it..Good graphics great parts and awsome shop...still needs missing oil fill plug on a few of the engines like the dual carb ohv v8 and the missing down pipe for the I6b that is not even in the store..also i can't find any info on the car salon can't even figure out the purpose of something that i can't click on...oh and also at this time the dyno is not working
,Recommended,645630,33912789,Posted: 30 July,all,Asynd,"This game had a sketchy start but give the devs some time. They are on top of this.Game runs fine now. Ya'll can stop complaining about muh 20 fps.Great game, better devs. Keep up the good work."
76561197975869724,Not Recommended,645630,33913873,Posted: 30 July,all,nickjamespalmer,"I was waiting for this game, watching the date. I didnt mind when it moved as i wanted it to be right. But damn its so worng. I have none of the running issues, but you really have to figure out quite a lot for yourself. I havent been able to go to the junkyard or buy a car, the options are just inactive. I keep getting the same two or three story repair jobs listed so have to keep fixing the same issues over and over. Took me a while just to get out of the tutorial. Not impressed at all so far :("
76561198350049009,Not Recommended,645630,33916191,Posted: 30 July,all,Spektrum,"I am not playing this buggy game untill the dev team finding solution for the bugs, I fixed cape for 3 times and still I can't proceed to the other cars I can't travel around the map or recieve a god damned order."
76561198012581473,Not Recommended,645630,33916684,Posted: 30 July,all,Chrisman01,"If you're looking for an actual simulator, this sure as hell isn't one.  As a game, it's okay.  Really wish there was a neutral recommendation, this review changes depending on what you're looking for.- No wiring at all.  Ignition coils and other parts aren't connected to the battery and you don't need to worry about wiring them up correctly- No worrying about calibrating brakes- No worrying about balancing tires.  There's a balancing machine, but you just watch the wheel spin for a while and don't need to watch any readouts or attach weights.- No measuring or adjusting the timing.- You can tell if a part needs replacing by seeing how rusty it is.  Even if that part is supposed to be plastic or rubber. So far this appears to be the only form of damage, no worn gears, no fraying belts (belts just have a weird spotty texture on them if they're too damaged), just a rusty or spotty texture.  My favorites are the rubber ignition coils becoming covered in rust.- Replacing serpentine belts in real life can be a pain, having to thread them around pulleys correctly, testing the tension, and making sure they're the right way around.  In this game... you click once to remove or install.- Too many parts, like the belts, are just one-click install or remove instead of showing all the work that could go into replacing them.Finally,  just a missed opportunity:  You can test drive the vehicles, but there's no steering wheel support.In conclusion, if you're looking for a game that has the very basics of some of the parts that are in a car, go for it.  If you're looking for a detailed simulator, definitely skip."
76561198098038811,Recommended,645630,33917464,Posted: 30 July,all,xXstreet-kidXx,"the game itself is good, but there is alot of bugs wich freezes the screen in lots of ways, making it a risk of losing lots of progress, if these bugs doesn't get fixed soon I won't be playing long :/ but really awesome in the actual garage and details. I really love it, but it's just freezing WAY to often.."
76561197988540060,Not Recommended,645630,33929034,Posted: 31 July,all,[MRA]GrayLobo,"Amazing game! Not ready for resell... After 2 weeks and daily patches and multy daily patches the game is still nearly unplayable, Broken with DLC, and unplayable once you get to high levels. *Its so bad the company put up a sticky walking you through deleating you re save file pice by pice to try to get it to work... I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not*Do NOT get the mazda DLC at this time as it breaks the game in there delet list thay list the mazdas as so bad thay are more then likly the reason why you're save wont stop loading and never play. Pitty i want a rotery engine car...I'm sick of games companys new and established having this realse it now fix it latter make you're beta testers but we are putting a 1.0 on it anway. It's clear thay didn't test the game at all as it took them a week and a half to put in a confurm on deleating you're game or starting a new game over you're current game and loosing all you'ew work. Puls there is day 1 DLC... Thus i give this game a 3/10 as a stunning looking, unplayable mess, and it looking like it will take another month or so to to be ready for launch.As the name say's it will be ready by 2018. Look forward to steam acheavments some day. After 2 weeks there still not enabled. Thank you beta buyers!"
76561198339938059,Recommended,645630,33982747,Posted: 2 August,all,wildbuffalogaming,i got to say for the 22 minets of playing my core i3 clocked at 3.4 hrz this game is just to much for my computer it needs to be more optomised
,Recommended,645630,34018772,Posted: 4 August,all,Curs0r,"I like it. They got a lot of flak at launch, some of it deserved, some of it a little overboard. I bought it because they faced up to the complaints, apologized (nearly unheard of from a software publisher), and made fast effort to fix these issues. They're most definitely not all fixed at the time of this review, but progress is clearly evident.The Pros:It's gorgeous, just so beautiful. Lens flare quality that would make JJ Abrams want to base a Star Trek movie on it.It's a step up from 2015 in terms of complexity. The additional tools are excellent.Junkyard! Sifting through piles of junked-out vehicles for the parts you want is great.The Cons:The bugs (for now) can be annoying.The grind! At the time of this review I'm opting to give up on grinding to unlock all the shop features and cheat.The grind! Really, it's awful IMO."
76561198022301131,Recommended,645630,34020519,Posted: 4 August,all,messiahchelsea,"Absolutely love this game, i have no idea where the last 6hrs have gone!   dont believe all the bad stuff.. it seems to run perfect now... great job red dot cant wait for further dlc   10/10"
,Recommended,645630,34022325,Posted: 4 August,all,twisted_enigma,"It runs fine, but definitely has a few things to work out. I was a little disappointed that the user music wasn't ready yet, but what is frustrating is that my inventory keeps disappearing so now I have to rebuy new rims and tires....not cheap"
76561198015784264,Recommended,645630,34120099,Posted: 9 August,all,Zetor,Great Game Best of the Series
,Recommended,645630,34131954,Posted: 9 August,all,Rugzbee,"It had a buggy release and the devs are bringing out constant updates to fix it. Its not the most ideal situation but at least they are doing something, unlike some other triple A releases. This game is extremely fun and i recommend to everyone who enjoys little details in games and is okay with a few bugs. The best part of the game is that it requires no knowledge of cars before you play! Again, it's a really fun game if you can put up with the bugs, but if you can't i would recommend waiting a couple weeks while the devs fix it up."
76561198409135808,Not Recommended,645630,34154546,Posted: 10 August,all,charliefromletstalkcars,"This game is a waste of $25. It is an absolute disgrace to the whole series! It suffers from incredibly bad optimisation. It crashed my PC on the tutorial and I have a beastly homebuilt rig. The game is full of bugs and none of the patches seem to fix it! I have encountered 3 totally gamebreaking bugs in 5 hours! I have had to restart my save files 3 times!! If any of the devs are reading this on the first Katsugiri Katsumoto (aka Camry) job I couldn't put a wheel back on. After the suspension story job (#4 I think.) it restarted the whole campaign and the final bug I can't remember because I immediately rage-quit the game and played something else. After that I vowed never to play the game again. It's just sad to see the series go the way of day-one DLC and an unfinished game on release. I used to love these games and play the heck out of them but the series has grown stale to me, especially with the state of this game right now.Pros:- A fun and cool concept.- A skill tree system that actually matters.-OK graphicsCons:-Huge amounts of potentially game breaking bugs.-Unfinished game with tons of day one DLC.2/10I strongly don't reccomend this game.-Charlie"
76561197996389903,Recommended,645630,34172937,Posted: 11 August,all,Ørjan *,(Y)
,Recommended,645630,34173147,Posted: 11 August,all,kaghy,"This game is awesome!Alright the start wasn't super, but the devs are working overtime to fix this game and get this game to its awesome state that it has to be. It's not complete yet, but like I said they're working overtime to get things done.Do I recommend the game? Yes, I've played CMS 2014 and CMS 2015 (with lots of DLC) and I was excited when this got announced and published. Immediatley enjoyed it and never saw struggles in the beginning. Now I myself am getting more and more involved with posting screenshots and/or bugs in the Discussion post because I want to help the devs to get to know everything about their game.As of typing this review there is no tuning aspect in the game yet, but since this is a major enhanced CMS the tuning will be awesome, I'm sure of it!"
,Recommended,645630,34198759,Posted: 12 August,all,Swerre1,"Friggin' great game, i recommend this game for those who like car games, you can either restorate your car or simply just purchase a new one and then go to race track wich is really fun!"
,Recommended,645630,33892770,Posted: 29 July,all,Railgun of Science,"I'll start of by saying the optimization is acceptable with 40-60 fps. There are occasional FPS drops though. As far as i'm concerned i've played games that have been in ""early access"" for 3+ years that aren't optimized nearly as well.System specs:AMD FX 6300 @ 3.8 GHz OVERCLOCKED to 4.5 GHzAMD R9 380 Nitro with 4 GB Vram16 GB system ramUpdate 8/9/17:Many bugs have been fixed. Game breaking bugs like part's turning into NaN% is long gone. I've made quite a lot of progress with the career mode. Vehicle tuning should be coming soon so i'll update this when it does come.The Gameplay:Everything is shiny and chrome. No really it is. Old cars with high mileage look like they have high mileage. Brand new cars are shiny, clean and pretty. No, i haven't checked for controller support on the driving aspect. I'll say this about the driving physics so far, not perfect, but not terrible. They're okay with body roll and weight transfer. This isn't a racing sim, so I never expected that. Now, the part where you fix cars, there are quite a lot more parts than i CMS 2015. Way more. And new tools. Speed builds are somewhat a thing of the past now actually. Barn finds are really fun, though seemingly sometimes overprice for a barn find. The junkyard is interesting in how it with generic car bodies housing random parts. I kinda wish you could pull parts of actual cars in the junkyard, but i don't think the engine could handle 20 or so cars. Haven't done the race track yet. The test track isn't some sketchy looking area anymore. It's an actual track thing. Overall, i'd say a definite improvment over CMS 2015. Feels closer to actually restoring real cars.The bugs and other broken things:(this is at the moment, will update what major game problems get fixed)So, many bugs have been fixed in the last 2 days. The corrupted part bug is gone. Other major bugs are gone. The game has reached a playable state. I'm happy playing it at the momen, however yes, there are still some bugs. My word of warning, save often. Save before you start a job on a car and then after it's been successfully completed but before completing the job. Don't save in the middle of a job, as i'm not 100% certain that the corrupted part bug is gone. Also, save at right before the end, as i've had a bug where i had to close the game due to freeze. Not a big deal too be honest, saving manually takes about 2 seconds if that.Finally, yes, this game is still partially broken. However, i'd still recommend it as it's more than playable to me. Also, i simply give the developer some credit with their patches. They've been working very hard to fix the game. If you're still not sure, wait a couple of days more as there's sure to be some more bug fixes."
76561198061327106,Recommended,645630,33921846,Posted: 31 July,all,SkinnierSteve,"I know there is a lot of negative reviews on this, because of bugs, but with the latest patch it fixes most major ones. I only encountered a minor glitch, and an exploit. If you wait until the repair order timer reaches 0 and hit accept at the same time as the order expires, the order will be gone, but the car will be yours to keep. You can get cars for free like that and sell them for profit. At least that's what happened with an RX-7. Another very minor bug I encountered was when looking in the engine bay, there sometimes is a part that says you need to be in the engine bay to remove it, even though you are already in the engine bay. It didn't cause me issues though, because I'm still early in the game, and early on you get very basic and easy jobs  that does not involve the bugged part.  Also, I am getting solid 60 fps with my GTX 1070 and I5-3470 3.2 GHz and 16 GB DDR3 RAM at 1200 MHz on windows 10 professional 64-bit in my native 1600x900 resolution. I noticed a very tiny dip when in examine mode sometimes though, but barely noticeable.Now on to the game itself, not just the performance and bugs.Gameplay is solid and feels good.Sounds are satisfying and nice, but all cars sound the same as far as I have tested. Not a bad sound, but the exact same sound.Car handling and physics are improved over the older games by a lot, although there needs to be an option to disable driving assists. I'm used to driving without assists, so when the car auto-corrects itself, I tend to steer off course because I tried to counter steer out of habit.There are more parts than in cms 2015, which is good.Good car variety.Cheap dlc's with some iconic cars. (Buy the silver edition of the game to get the most out of your money.Realistic tools and equipment, like tyre remover and wheel balancing machine, spring remover, welding tool, etc. Which the previous games lacked.Barn finds and junk yard. Get yourself a banged up car, fix it up, and sell it for profit, or drive it on the race track, or simply admire it in your garage, or auction it.There needs to be a hardcore mode where you can't see which parts are blocking you from removing a certain part, because as it is currently, the game is not challenging. It is very easy to play. You get a repair order, you check the list of things the customer wants you to check, you replace what is broken, and then choose the next job.  If you don't know how cars work, and you don't know any car parts, don't worry, you will learn as you play.TLDR: Great game, only a few minor bugs now that 1.04 patch is out. Improves on the previous games in the series in almost every way. If you liked the previous games, you will love this one!I haven't played it a lot yet, but will edit my review as I play. I loved the previous games in the series, and this one has the same kind of feel, but with a lot more features and a little more car parts."
,Recommended,645630,33922163,Posted: 31 July,all,artuditu,The game is great however in some moment when playing it just crashing and making the game really unplayable as in one moment it crashed and all my hard work I did was gone. Also when I am in main menu I can't use ESC button to go back from settings for example to menu or to quicky exit game it just dosn't work with is really anyoing as most games have esc working in main menu.  I still recomend this game but i also recomend to give them a time to fix some of issues they have.
76561198114643410,Not Recommended,645630,33914777,Posted: 30 July,all,N2nitro,"this game took car mechanic sim 2015 gave it workshop, better graphics, mouse acceleration that you can't turn off, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls/ preformanceplay 2015wait for a good patchthen see"
,Recommended,645630,34176209,Posted: 11 August,all,Al Pacino,"great game the devs always updating and fixing the bugs , i enjoy a lot playing this game so much fun so much stuff to do we need more cars :D i want some japanese cars like lancer evo and the subaru sti .... supra...."
76561198050724172,Recommended,645630,33991596,Posted: 3 August,all,Luis MH,"Don't know why all the negative reviews.I'm playing it on a laptop with a GT 630M GPU.Game is an improvement over the last one (CM2015), lots of stuff to make it more realistic.If this game had the engine building of My Summer Car, I would think i'm a real mechanic after playing just a few hours.9/10 (can always get better)"
,Recommended,645630,33859222,Posted: 28 July,all,Space Pirate Ninja,"I was very upset at the launch version of the game but these developers have done a great job at fixing issues so much so that I've changed my review from negative to positive. Heres a short review.Negative-The gameplay is very easy... for example you should have to use the correct tool such as socket sizes.The display of damage is a little dissapointing, more types of damage need to be added, not just rust.Rust could look more realistic.Many BugsPositive-The price is very reasable concidering what you get.Graphics are impressive (With the expetion of rust)Devs are constatly working on bugs to remove them.Many cars and parts (With more to come)I recomend this game but I hope to see more updates fixing bugs."
76561197989436985,Recommended,645630,33860738,Posted: 28 July,all,[TpR]_David,"had a quick go its buggy but playable but wait for some updates to fix basic issues like random black screen, i wont be a troll and not recommend this game as the fact is its got a lot of potential its got way more features than previous titles so gameplay will be amazing once patched so please ignore the trolls/haters just wait and see how amazing this game is going to be."
,Recommended,645630,33862028,Posted: 28 July,all,GruntGuy,"Lots of new features moving up from CMS 15. A number of bugs and optimisation issues, but performance seems to be significantly better once you're past the tutorial area, but still feels a bit more sluggish than it should be. Hopefully this can and will be fixed. Lots of room for improvement, but a fun game nonetheless."
76561198292175135,Recommended,645630,33862336,Posted: 28 July,all,Captainredbeard,"Ok finnaly after waiting 2 hours, the major problems i get are fixed.Witch is a Big thums up to stay in office to get the problems fixed Asap !Untill now some some small bugs, but works and is nice to play up to now."
,Recommended,645630,33863094,Posted: 28 July,all,Omen UK,"** Review Adjusted **Original Review:I really wish I didn't have to post this review as I have enjoyed the previou games in this series though they both have had multiple problems so I should barely be surprized that Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 has issues, but I never expected for there to be THAT many.First off, it is very slow, it is slow to load, transition screens are relatively slowm plus if you turn too quickly (which honestly dosn't take much) the game screen will freeze for a few seconds before seemingly catching up witht he way you are facing.  Overall the movement is just so terrible it's not fluid and is jerky and just feels like it is broken.There is no actual guide to the game which means it is trial and error, before the game eventually crashed on me I was testing the car, managed to get the front tyres in position but then had no idea how I was supposed to test the breaks, and I've played the game before so I have no idea how newcomers to the game would manage with the complete lack of instruction, and this is what was supposedly the tutorial.There are other things but honestly it saddens me to have to start reeling off the list of things that I think, in my opinion , need to be fixed, from both keyboard and controller controls (tried both, and know it isn't fully supported for controller) but it just feels really horrible, I like the menu wheel but it' feels awkward to use, sometimes you can quit back out to the previous menu, other times it will just kick you out of the menu back to the game.And then there is the lack of options, the fact there are so few options to improve gameplay and graphics are really an issue when you compare it to previous games in the series.Right now at this minute I can not recommend this game, I feel like there are too many problems to take the risk of buying it but certainly hope in a month or so the game has been patched enough to fix some of the outstanding issues.Additional Review:Having played CMS 2018 for a substantial amount of time U can't really be confident my original review is accurate, yes there are issues, some big issues such as terrible frame rates, screen tear and some parts of the game seems to require further polish, along with minor stuff just like the music sounding distorted due to how loud it is, minor issues with controls, instructions, etc.I would still not recommend this game, if you  have not already played any of the previous games in the series so far and would advice you to try one of the earlier games int he series first to make sure it is the sort of game you would be interested in purchasing first, for previous players honestly if you are willinf to perservere and accept the  problems this game has then I would recommend it though I would recommend anyone thinking of buying this game to look through the reviews first , both positive and negative, and to read the forums before coming to a decision."
,Recommended,645630,33863685,Posted: 28 July,all,Baxxster.no,"Awesome game, adds a lot of new realistic things to the mechanic world. A few bugs here and there, but it just launched, so I'm not gonna downvote it based on that. (And I'm bad at changing reviews later :p) Overall impressed. Awesome Dev team updating quickly patching bugs.9/10 would buy again"
76561198167598679,Recommended,645630,33863725,Posted: 28 July,all,DZGAMINGHD,"Playway said it would be a computer intensive game and warne deveryone of that. Now that it is out and people are having FPS problems, they are complaining that it is not optimized. On that note I am playing on high in 1080 getting between 52-60 FPS which I am happy with. I love the game and also did not have any of the isuses I have seen people complaing about on steam and Facebook. It runs great so far and yes it just came out today so obviously there's room for improvement. Great game again and thank you for all the work you do Playway and Reddot games."
76561197992611153,Recommended,645630,33863839,Posted: 28 July,all,Spoco,"Played this for a bit just to get the feel for it, didnt play it before patch but now its patched its working as intended, RedDot games have done brilliantly, Graphically its spot on, game play is great, takes a little time to get used to the menu but once you do its good to work with.I really like this over the other 2, this is vastly improved and well put together with extra parts, i would have liked to have seen pipes for radiators and wires etc but as it is, its great.Try not to listen to the negative reviews after 10 minutes playing, most are haters trying to make it bad on Playway.Try it for yourself its well worth a look and if your a fan of CMS 2014/15 then you will love this version.Well done Red Dot Games :)Running on a 2 x 970Ti in sli mode and works smoothly"
76561198084816700,Recommended,645630,33864270,Posted: 28 July,all,giorgos_kars,Great game..!! There are some issues but i believe they will be fixed!!
,Recommended,645630,33864692,Posted: 28 July,all,Mortius [NOR],"Car Mechanic Simulator 2018Even they had a rough release with deley and many problems in the eraly houers, i would say its pretty darn goodThey respond fast and are a comunicating pretty good with the fans i would say.Looks great on Ultra graphic.ther are still a couple off bugs but i think these will be sortet out in a few days.For me its a 7/10 for this reales with around 3 houers in game there is still pretty much too explore.Looks like a Hugh Game :)Creds too Red dot Gaming and Playway for good respond too the fans."
76561198131368094,Recommended,645630,33865562,Posted: 28 July,all,TWINKIEFROMH3LL,"Ok so, A ton od reviews right now nail the game about issues needing patches, but once I test drove a vehicle and completed the tutorial, all my issues went away, and ive seen one other review like that, so really I only see the tutorial needing fixed, otherwise it seems pretty good, just right click the good car, move to a door, go to said door, then click it and choose the test track, complete thatI didnt experience any real graphics issues either and all I have is a gtx860m...and only 7.88 usable gigs of ram, I did however get intel turboboost and boost my cpu from 2.40 to 3.40, its the I7 4700hq"
,Recommended,645630,33868623,Posted: 28 July,all,HESVID,Pro tip: Buy all the bushings!
,Recommended,645630,33872743,Posted: 28 July,all,Grumpher,"This game is a worthy successor of CMS 2015. THIS GAME IS NOT FINISHED IN IT'S CURRENT STATE! this may be a full release but i do not consider this complete, it's a bit unoptimised and has quite a few bugs BUT having played CMS 2015 that was a very polished/ bug free game so i trust the developers will continue working hard on this until it is perfect. already in 12 hours of release they have given 2 patches for bug fixes. I am recommending this game because of the developers and where the gme will be in a few weeks.If you want a great game to play now go play CMS 2015If you want an even better game to play in 1-2 play this"
,Not Recommended,645630,33893401,Posted: 29 July,all,Mr.PoopyButtHole,"I regret Buying this game, its just full of bugs"
76561198164536226,Recommended,645630,33896686,Posted: 29 July,all,kwb99,having problems with drain plugs once engine is apart says replce drain plug but can find itanyone else have this problemeven oil fill cap and dipstick disapperwell once you play enough game just resets thats cool
76561198350122671,Recommended,645630,33901111,Posted: 30 July,all,DasVapinator,"I ABSOLUTELY love this game!!!! BUT.... I find it ""freezes"" when I complete jobs(it gives me a black screen and I can hit Escape and have the choice of ""Save Game and Return To Menu""; ""Return To Menu Without Saving"" and ""Continue"") But when I click the ""Save And Return To Menu"" option it deletes all my progress from the job I was working when it gave me the Black Screen.I tried to get around this by Manually Saving but I still Got the same end result( wasted time on the job and no increase in money) its as if I never accepted or completed the job. This wouldn't be that big of an issue if I didn't spend like HALF AN HOUR OR SO DIAGNOSING AND COMPLETING A SINGLE JOB!!!!! (I am at the point where they don't just give me a list of parts that need replaced or fixed)I really hope in future updates that they fix this bug. However, I feel that this bug should have been addressed before it was released for sale. if it was in Alpha or Beta I would understand, but this is not the case.Even given this singular issue I have with this game, I STILL LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!The DEPTH combinded with REALISM and made SIMPLE to grasp/learn makes this one of (if not) MY FAVORITE Simulation Games."
,Recommended,645630,33907285,Posted: 30 July,all,sw-s_01,great fun game. looking forward to the mac release
76561198014605066,Recommended,645630,33918105,Posted: 30 July,all,BRLSM,"I have played this game for a fair amount of time since it was first released only 3 days before writing this review and firstly, even though I don't have the most recent spec pc, I am a little confused about what everyones problem is with the performance issues that people are complaining about as the game runs fine on my system and hasn't crashed at all. However considering the number I have seen, I think I do wonder if I am just simply lucky to not have been afftected.The developers have introduced many many new features which have made a massive improvement in realism, variety of equipment/jobs and quality of graphics and gameplay overall. You now have several different pieces of equipment to do specific jobs and different methods of buying parts and cars which make gameplay a lot more interestng and stratigical.However that been said the game does come with no end of bugs ranging from plenty of minor to some serious bugs that even stop you from been able to use some of the new features such as the parts warehouse. I don't know whats happened in the developers office but this been my 4th title from them has left me very suprised as it is very out of character for them to full release a game with more bugs than most of the early access games I have played.I will still recommend buying the game as it is on offer at the moment and based on my previous experiance from previous titles from the developers I have faith that they will correct all these issues as quickly as possible."
76561198091146398,Not Recommended,645630,33918175,Posted: 30 July,all,Jurula,this game feels unfinished has alot of optimization problems and the bugs are endless. yes you sort of like the fact that you can repair these cars but man when you spend time trying to get money to buy a car from a barn and then a bug makes you lose literally all of your currency and for some reason the game decided that you know what i can save when a bug happens but when the game literally doesnt allow you to click anything and you need to reload where is the save. dont buy this game waste of time and at this point in time (7/30/2017) it is absoultly not work the money and tell you to not buy  this game it will make you want to rage at some of the dumb bugs it has.
76561198133149707,Not Recommended,645630,33925551,Posted: 31 July,all,Bobtodd,"This game is outright garbage, they should be ashamed to call this anything but a rough draft. Even if you can get past the the screen going black, files with 6-7 hours no longer loading ( I have a suspicion it was the Luxor Bowen I had just bought and moved to my garage) the game is not done, the Luxor Bowen ( Now the devils car in my eyes) can not be worked on becuase the engine just showes up as one big part and the parts dont even have names they are labled by the FILE name, this is all to blame on the developer side they did not finish this game and I dont belive them when they say they will patch it all soon as if that would even make up for releasing trash... Dont pass because of the game, pass because the developers are screwing the customers. A few patches down and I have not noticed much change, I just build a whole engine on the crane but now its not letting me take it off, the cars in the barnyards and auctions are so over priced if you get a car you need to repair everything to 100% if you want to make money off of it. I dont believe they will fix this game, I think they will do as little as possible and move on to DLC. WHERE IS THE DYNO, WHY IS IT THERE BUT NOT USABLE!! DLC mark my words friends DLC! If you want a game somewhat close to this I would highly suggest Jalopy, Rehead or My Summer Car."
,Recommended,645630,33928059,Posted: 31 July,all,CeeToTheZee,"After a turbulent first week of release and some 10 patches this game has become fully enjoyable and out of its early-access-like stage. There are still much optimization that needs to be tackled to enhance the experience, but the great gameplay is already satisfying enough, and I absolutely love this game.As for those whining about this game being unoptimized and crashing often, get yourself a better rig plebs :)"
,Recommended,645630,33938148,Posted: 31 July,all,SupercarFan,"Don't let the amount of negative reviews fool you. This game had a bad release, but they are doing everything they can to fix the bugs. People shouldnt judge a game within 15 minutes after release, like some of the reviews. At the moment of writing they released 5 patches in a few days and they have a giant list of bugs they're working on.The UI takes a while to get used to, but it will change to muscle memory if you give it time.To me, this game is worth the money. But if you really want a perfect running game, you should wait a few patches."
76561198156554028,Recommended,645630,33954275,Posted: 1 August,all,jonas_pulings,Great game.Playway and Reddot are putting all together to make the game top.Improvement since release is amaizing.Game is finnaly playablekeep up the good work guysLove the game
76561198077684629,Recommended,645630,33954435,Posted: 1 August,all,sirnobody,"I absolutely love the game , there is couple of bug at the moment but the devs are working hard to fix them .So gamer out there who love cms and hate bug , wait a couple of month and trust me you will enjoy this game a lot.This part is a suggestion for the devs , more option for graphic and gameplay and option to chose the old ui .Keep the good work ."
,Recommended,645630,33955366,Posted: 1 August,all,Benjamin Franklinstein,"With 35 hours on record playing this broken game, I've had the same frustrations as everybody else but seem to have found some workarounds for some of the problematic areas.The graphics are great, despite the poor optimization. Game play is the same as previous titles, although some of the features have yet to be unlocked (the dyno, race track, and engine swapping to name a few) and some others are still buggy (engine mount and paintshop gets really buggy) but overall I'm enjoying what they've released so far.Looking forward to seeing how all the hard work these devs are doing to fix the problems play out, and hopefully we will soon have a better version to enjoy spending time playing."
76561198001210394,Recommended,645630,33955820,Posted: 1 August,all,✯StorM✯,"brilliant game, had a few bugs in the start but now its on the way to glory.good game, will be even better as soon as more dlc comes out.+ superb value for money."
76561198345237764,Not Recommended,645630,33955989,Posted: 1 August,all,Actually Tupac,"It has no keymapping and is optimized for use with a controller, runs like utter garbage. Buy CMS 2015 instead."
,Recommended,645630,33958461,Posted: 1 August,all,Falen,"Despite the bad start for this game, I have to give this game a positive rating.The Playway team has been releasing daily updates to fix the game and have been hard at it, unlike some developers who would release a♥♥♥♥♥♥game, and then just abandon it instead of owning up to it and fix the issues.I highly recommend getting this game, although if your not big into this type of game, I would also highly recommend waiting a few weeks for the bug fixes to finish rolling out."
76561198002454188,Not Recommended,645630,33966819,Posted: 2 August,all,Jack The Drunk,Nope. Incomplete game
,Recommended,645630,33970786,Posted: 2 August,all,Martin089,"There's a big difference between bad game and good, unfinished game. This isn't a bad game, this is a actually a pretty solid game which was released before being done, actually a huge step up from CMS 2015. The Red Dot Games dev team are pushing their limits to fix and patch everything, while still listening the crowd who plays the game.It's simple, you just need to look at this game as Early Access, and keep patient. We'll get there eventually."
76561198190812211,Recommended,645630,33974328,Posted: 2 August,all,R3CKL3SS,Great game with lots of potential. Sloppy launch but developers are definitely working hard to address the issues. Now the game runs fine for me. Must say it could use some optimizations but other than that solid game. So go ahead and support these devs because these guys will not pull an EA on us.
76561198018648174,Not Recommended,645630,33975918,Posted: 2 August,all,Steel_Bear,the one thing i cannot stand about the game is the mouse acceleration. the bugs i can deal with but my mouse going from one edge of the sceen to the other in .2 seconds is driving me crazy.
76561198115503126,Recommended,645630,33976984,Posted: 2 August,all,Sassy,very good potential! I would advise waiting until all the bugs have been fixed before purchasing.. very frustrating when you have spent hours doing repairs for it to crash and lose everything!
76561198155869167,Recommended,645630,34026728,Posted: 4 August,all,Bonana Man Is Here,This is a Nice game with some bugs the bugs haven't effected Gameplay too much. The amount of tools you can grow to have is amazing. If i had to rate this game it would be 7.5/10.
76561198064195618,Recommended,645630,34034376,Posted: 5 August,all,[M]c_[R]abbit,ให้ทักษะในการซ่อมได้หลายๆอย่างดีแต่ต้องอ่านภาษาอังกฤษได้ด้วยนิดนึงถึงจะเข้าใจและตัวเกมออกแนวจำเจ ให้ทำอย่างเดิมซ้ำๆ อักอย่างใช้เวลานานมาก ที่จะเข้าใจเกมรถให้ซ่อมก็มีไม่เยอะ ซ้ำๆกันไปสำหรับใครชอบหาประสบการณ์ แนวใหม่ ได้ความรู้ ถือว่ตอบโจทรข้อเสียก็อย่างที่บอก อาจจะต้องใช้เวลานิดนึง
,Not Recommended,645630,34059096,Posted: 6 August,all,Gav,"I played this game for 18 minutes before I uninstalled and requested a refund.Upon launching the game for the first time I was greeted with a really basic and clunky menu system, with very little options for customisation. The game was very laggy even in just the menu system.Career mode starts you of in a mandatory 'tutorial' that was explained so poorly (actually not at all) I had to look on youtube what to do. It turns out you have to fill up one of the 2 cars in the garage with oil and take it for test drive. I decided to fill up the car that looks like an Audi. It took me a good couple of minutes to do this as I couldn't check the oil level at first because the dipstick was floating in mid air under the engine. The test track was seriously boring, the game should have stuck to just the mechanical side of things.The game is a really good idea but executed poorly.Do not waste your money on this game."
76561198089766131,Not Recommended,645630,34206808,Posted: 12 August,all,Not That Guy,"Should be marked as Early Access, bugs galore, seems like a rather fun lack of contentAnd somehow they beat Dayz in the toxic community catagory aswell, at least in dayz when i asked what to next after i pretty much did all there was to do (yes ive seen pretty much everything this game has to offer in ~20hours ), i was given fun little places to visit and things to do, in this i was called a cheater and told to play the game ""properly"""
,Recommended,645630,34208541,Posted: 13 August,all,Dylan,"TL;DR: The game is better than it's predecessor in virtually every single way, but they really should've delayed the release.It's a great game and it has a bunch of new features that add quite a lot to gameplay, but there's still A LOT missing and there's a ton of bugs/general issues that aren't explicitly bugs, if it were to be delayed by say,  a month or 2, it would've been near perfect for a game of it's kind."
,Recommended,645630,34209757,Posted: 13 August,all,BredMirror,"The game had a bad start, but the devs didnt give up on it and they constantly fix bugs, add new things. They will even add features requested by the community.I think in its current form its enjoyable.If you like cars and interesed in the mechanic stuff, then this game is a must buy!"
76561198089848922,Recommended,645630,34210897,Posted: 13 August,all,Zackrye,"Love this game! Small problems at first, like all new games!"
76561198008871569,Recommended,645630,34223722,Posted: 13 August,all,Daft Runk,"The game, at launch, was quite buggy, however the developers worked around the clock, releasing patches daily in the beginning, and the game is now in a good state, highly recommended!"
76561198241745514,Not Recommended,645630,34224748,Posted: 13 August,all,SycoSoldier123,I would recomend this gasme if it actually WORKED i have over 500 hrs on the 2015 version and i LOVED it. All my game does is open up to a black screen and do nothing. I have checked and i have direct x 11 and have x64bit win 10 and have all the requirements> I have tried to wait for updates but nothing has gotten fixed therefore i do not recomend this game
,Recommended,645630,34226648,Posted: 13 August,all,Rooster,"Before playing Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 (cms18) I had a general knowledge of cars.  I can't say I'm an expert now, but I've definitly learned a lot about cars in general.  Do I know what the parts do?  Not really, but I know the general composition and make up of the suspension, tires, engine, etc..  Now besides the bugs here and there, that the devs are currently working tirelessly to fix, I truly enjoy the game as a whole.  I enjoy solving problems and taking apart a car and building it back together.  Is this game for everyone?  No.  Is this game only for true motorheads?  No.  This is a game for anyone who wants to learn more about cars, people who enjoy taking things apart, solving problems, or someone who just enjoys making money.  This game has a lot of potential if the devs fix the game and polish it.  I truly can't wait to play what the devs end goal is."
,Recommended,645630,34240233,Posted: 14 August,all,McFoul,"Great successor to CM15. Glad to see the devs fixing all the issues, everyday theres new patches and features, hoping to see more from the game."
,Recommended,645630,34240963,Posted: 14 August,all,Sangreal,You can crouch now 10/10
76561198053420101,Recommended,645630,34243643,Posted: 14 August,all,Storm775,So far I have really enjoyed this game. I have also learnt a few new things about cars that I never knew before. Over all I would recommend this game to anyone who likes cars or if they want to learn more about cars.I feel that the game is definitely worth the money I spent on it.
76561198184521047,Recommended,645630,34269586,Posted: 15 August,all,csummers88,"Great devs, game is coming along.  Keep up the good work!"
76561197979239886,Recommended,645630,34301407,Posted: 17 August,all,Ohf_uck,Really enjoy the depth of the mechanics in this game. Spent hours so far restoring cars.A couple of things I'd like to see would be:Engine/Induction ConversionsPerformance Upgrades/TuningRacing/Drag StripGreat game and look forward to more.
,Recommended,645630,34309697,Posted: 17 August,all,bdasilvacarvalho,"I definitely recommend this great game. This game definitely exceed the previous edition with a lot more detail, really enjoy the depth of the mechanics in the game. I'd like to suggest to the developers to put a couple of interesting things like swap engine, car body parts tuning, performance upgrades, suspension tuning, possibility to swap the drum brake for disk brake on old cars rear wheels, better to say total modifcation, because in real life i have a 1967 ford galaxy 500 completely modified, these old cars looks beautiful when modified.Great game and look forward to more."
76561198078811392,Recommended,645630,34353522,Posted: 19 August,all,Fum Cace,"Its a little annoying when i click on the game, and the screenshot staring me in the face, implies that there is Power Boost and Tuning abilities. Yet no sign of it in-game or in newsletters etc. Also, Please dont put the dyno or anything in, if we cant use it."
,Recommended,645630,34737301,Posted: 4 September,all,Bean Boy,"Fixes a lot of the problems from the last game, yet still leaves a lot to be desired. I hope they add more content soon."
,Recommended,645630,33860006,Posted: 28 July,all,tll0909,"Ok so the game is NOT broken to the point of unplayability. I found that the first thing that you must do is skip the tutorial right away. Which you shouldn't have to. But by doing this and skipping to the real game, everything works fine afterwards. So when you start the game immediately go to the test track and finish a run there and it will ask if you are ready to finish the tutorial. Then the real game starts and you have litterally nothing and your garage is tiny. So you have to start from the bottom and build your shop up. Also I have witnessed no bugs in the actual main game. You get jobs to do and everything just like you did in CMS 2015. The game definitely needs to be optimized more. I shouldnt be seeing under 60fps in a game where you litterally only have one room loaded at a time. I have a 6700k, GTX 1070, 16GB of DDR4, and a 1440p 144hz 1ms monitor, So there is no excuse for the game to be this badly optimized. I can only imagine how painful this game is to play with a PC with lower specs. The game needs a lot of work and probably should have been delayed for a few more months. I hope this review helps and REMEMBER!!! SKIP THE TUTORIAL FOR NOW!!! I give it a 7/10 So far."
76561198127474486,Recommended,645630,33861558,Posted: 28 July,all,LightFootLee,"EDIT: First let me say way to go devs, they have been really burnung the candle at both ends to patch this game and at this point it feels like a proper CMS game and i have no problem fully endorsing it it for anyone that wants to pick it up.  and for vets of the CSM genere the only thing that might take some getting used to is the new UI but other then that the game is awsome.[Im leaving my old review below the edit as a first impressions review feel free to read if you wish]I've been playing the game for a little over 2 hours now and as long as you skip the tutorial and go into the main game you wont have a problem [at least i haven't yet.]  I can't stress this enough STAY AWAY FROM THE TUTORIAL IT IS TOTALLY JANK and in no way represents this game well; which admittidly is a hurge problem for any new players that have never played a CMS before.The main game runs really smooth and I have yet to encounter any of the issue that plague the tutorial; with only 2 hours in however that my change; and if it does i will adjust my review as necessary. [man i should really look into grammerly :)]As of right now i will recommend this game as long as you SKIP THE TUTORIAL.  which is a shame because it's the first thing players see and is not a good representation of the over-all game.  come on playway you spent 30+months in development and posponed the game for a week to fix the language packs and in all that time no one on the dev team said hey guys the tutorial is seriously messed up?"
76561197970397187,Recommended,645630,33866023,Posted: 28 July,all,Jumboclown,"Having lots of fun, no problems so far.Runs fine on my setupI7 4970gtx 108032GB ram"
76561197990155060,Recommended,645630,33866042,Posted: 28 July,all,bigdave121987,Day one review. Game looks amazing! Extremely in depth versus the previous versions. Controls are a bit different but you get used to them quickly. Tutorial could have been a bit more in depth on navigating the new controls. Gameplay is fun. I can see myself dumping many hours into this game. It does have a few hiccups apparently but I have not experienced any. In all reality that is to be expected on Day 1 of release. However Playaway and Red Dot are extremely responsive and quick with fixes. They have already pumped out a few patches on day one.Comp specsIntel I-7-7700kGeForce GTX 1080Ti w/ 11gb GDDR5X32 GB 2400Mhz DDR4
76561198015515844,Recommended,645630,33866821,Posted: 28 July,all,rodzers9,game is awsome. much better then 15. i love it
76561197983160208,Recommended,645630,33867055,Posted: 28 July,all,GUN,"Optimisation is♥♥♥♥♥♥...But this will improve obviously.The right click UI is different = Doesn't mean it's bad (It's OK and works and is intuitive).Graphics (on Medium with GTX970) are good, once they do a few patches I'm sure I'll bump that up to High.Game overall is worth £15 and if you liked CMS2015 you'll easily like CMS2018."
76561198086670458,Recommended,645630,33868404,Posted: 28 July,all,Khan720,i really like the changes in game. Ive had no issues with the different controls
76561198078136671,Recommended,645630,33868898,Posted: 28 July,all,k_state13,Good game buggy as of right now but still early into game seems more in depth from 2015 version more tools to use better graphics and more cars
76561198052834695,Recommended,645630,33869424,Posted: 28 July,all,DarkAceZ98,"I think its an awesome sequel to 2015. Yes, there are a good amount of bugs but they are fixing them quickly and they do not render the game unplayable. Worth buying now with the discount because in a week or two this game wont have any bugs!"
,Recommended,645630,33870589,Posted: 28 July,all,✪ voltzzy,"I do love this game honestly, i know i do, but i have the lowest end pc and i cant run the game with it being smooth which really makes me sad, i could play CMS 2015 with ease on Medium Quality, but i cant even run it with Lowest, so well done for the Quality upgrade but now it is not playable for me"
,Recommended,645630,33871711,Posted: 28 July,all,WhiskeyGhost,I work in this field in real life and it is accurate for the most part however it is horribly optimized but I bet it will be fixed in time.
76561198096729002,Recommended,645630,33874193,Posted: 28 July,all,bubbles,its awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and runs fine by the way !!!!!
76561198331984867,Recommended,645630,33874421,Posted: 29 July,all,anderson.vw,"game is running great on my newly built pc-intel I3 7100-8gb ram-gtx 1050ti-windows 10BUT... i cant access the junkyard, auctions, or race track for some reason???? help"
76561198324034320,Recommended,645630,33874693,Posted: 29 July,all,willcroz,Great game looks really good few bugs but are being fixed quick i myself think they have done a great job
76561198029155314,Recommended,645630,33879144,Posted: 29 July,all,VillageIdiot,"So I got a good couple of hours from this game. Time flies on here really.It's just a relaxing simulator you can play to kill time with some good detail on the fabric of car mechanics. You also get to level up your skills and garage which is obviously giving you a good sense of achievement for fixing all these cars.The game runs well for me. I've heard a lot about optimization but I haven't ran into any problems so far, not even in the tutorial.So with that not to worry about, my biggest critique is the music. Not a big fan of the little choices you have for music. Also each radio station does not play anything at random, it's always the same stuff in order."
76561198207945176,Recommended,645630,33880717,Posted: 29 July,all,Andy Oliver,"""Great game!""I love CMS series, played all of them, specially 2015, but in this one I'm missing the advanced graphics settings, I hate when you have to choose only between low, medium, high or ultra... Its a lot better be able to select what fits perfectly with your specs, for example, lower shadows and better textures, lower aa filter and improve other setting... Bugs and glitches can be fixed with time, in overall It's an AMAZING game!"
,Recommended,645630,33883605,Posted: 29 July,all,Tactical Redneck,"After an extremely rough release (where the game simply did not work for a vast majority of those who purchased it) the developer got their act together and released two patches on Day 1 that improved optimization and stability issues for most of the issues that were recorded. While I feel that a closed beta test with a variety of different systems would have caught most of these issues, that is all in hindsight now as the dev team seems to have fixed most of what people were complaining about.Now, about the game; It's basically the previous CMS titles, with far better graphics and much more to do. It still feels like a CMS title without getting rid of its finer points, but it has been improved in a way where the game is much more realistic than its previous editions.It's $20 (not including the 10% discount on the first week) and owners of the previous CMS titles get an additional 10% off. I got it for around $16 all together. Honestly, not a half bad game, so long as the developers keep making improvements."
76561198042143422,Not Recommended,645630,33885980,Posted: 29 July,all,TNZ Softmouth,"Disappointed in this game tremendously at time if launch.The whole experience is choppy, Every time I try to re-install a Brake Caliper it bugs out.Will continue to play CMS15 until an update is provided."
,Not Recommended,645630,33886573,Posted: 29 July,all,Stefan,"Cons so far :- test path does not work ( game will not let you drive the car forward nor will it let you acces anything, you have to alt+f4 and log back in, hopefully you saved your game.. I didn't. meh, no autosave feature, feels like the 90's )- lots of frame drops , even though I own a high end system- sometimes when getting a story mission it will not show the text into the ""view car""tab so you basically got no idea what you're supposed to do if you did not read the job text prior to accepting it.- items sold will sometimes pop back up in the inventory once you quit the game and log back in- save does not work as far as I'm concerned. every single time I exit the game I have to start from the first story mission even though I have the money and garage that I used to , the story missions will reset still.- menu is extremely poor , about 3 options is all, not even mouse sensivity options- encountered an ""exploit"" where certain jobs will let you sell the car that you should in fact repare, so basically I got 26k free money in about 10 seconds.happened with a Dodge.-radio doesn;t work, no music whatsoever except for the main menu rock song.Pros :- you're a mechanic?Really enjoyed the previous games but so far this is dissapointing , not worth the money. As I see it it's at best an early release game."
,Recommended,645630,33891280,Posted: 29 July,all,Bio_fire,Dont buy the mazda or dodge dlc they only add 2 car each not worth the money !
76561198024220423,Recommended,645630,33900994,Posted: 30 July,all,bynnet,this is a good game with bugs so you schould be aware of that. when take away all the bugs its a great game fun new mechanics that is fun to se and you schouldn´t forget about this game when you look at this game if you dont want to buy it because of the bugs you schould wait a week maybe and it will be a game thats fun and well done but be aware many bugs now but they are fixing them quick so dont worry about that.
,Recommended,645630,33903365,Posted: 30 July,all,djc,Fun addictive game. The dev team has been bug fixing like crazy.I've played it for quite a long time now without crashes or bugs I would have noticed.
76561197972187210,Recommended,645630,33906656,Posted: 30 July,all,Unholy79,"Enjoyed many hours on the 2014 and 2015 releases, always a good time sink.  That said, this release is buggy at the moment.  Spent about an hour and a half so far and have lost my progress twice so I'll let this sit for a bit before I attempt another play.  At one point it got stuck reinstalling an ABS component, and the game crashed when returning from the test track.  Either way, I got it on sale and from previous experience with this dev I know the title will only get better with time.  Worth the price of admission."
,Not Recommended,645630,33906727,Posted: 30 July,all,Winter.Ist.Da,"I reduced the graphics settings despite having a high-end PC so the game was playable.After looking up what others have done, I was able to actually get through the tutorial and start the story.Then I ran into gamebreaking bugs where an item I needed bugged out and became an errored item in my inventory. So I ordered that exact item and then I wasnt able to even use it, since the interface for replacing the part just doesn't exist, I had to force quit the game.I have played pre-alpha games that at least had the bare minimum functionality for users to test out. This game doesn't even have that worked out. No Man's Sky was more playable than this. It's absolutely ridiculous that quality control didn't catch all the gamebreaking features before release.Great idea, great promise, complete failure on delivery."
76561198029821990,Recommended,645630,33907272,Posted: 30 July,all,donaldross05,This game is great as long as you run the graphix at medium setting. Only thing is it seems that all the air pipes coming from the air filter and hoses from the radiator of engines are missing.They will probibly fix this but that is the only slight issue.
76561198221725840,Not Recommended,645630,33917994,Posted: 30 July,all,DATBOI,"I have played this game for quite some time and I have found some bugs.1. in the paint shop the mouse arrow doesn't show up in the drop down menu it goes behind it2. I have encountered a black screen after purchasing a car in the auction3. The engine older thing crashed the game (made it freeze) when you try to put it back into the car.so overall not too impressed, I don't think they played their game before releasing because these are things that aren't hard to find and shouldn't be in the game pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥poor testing if any at all.Then theres this, the game UI is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ so confusing to navigate and compared to cms 15 with keybindings. Only ones I've been able to find are T (tablet) and I (inventory). Having to right click then go through that damn wheel menu is garbage. I like playing the game its a lot of fun aside for the few bugs so if anyone wants to purchase this I would hold off until they fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198183865698,Not Recommended,645630,33936121,Posted: 31 July,all,jpopiela,laggy its trash no one buy this
76561197980084736,Not Recommended,645630,33945868,Posted: 1 August,all,Invertros,"What could be an incredible step up from CMS 2015 is unfortunately ruined by the plethora of bugs that plague it, compounded by the inexplicable decision to remove any semblance streamlined controls. In its current state, the game seems to be worthy of a late-alpha/early-beta phase badging.The core game actually seems to have some cool things going for it, but I'm certainly not alone in having not made it far enough to even experience much of the new content due to bugs that, at best, hinder gameplay and, at worst, cause significant loss of progress, forcing you to repeat much (if not all) of the work you had already done.On the topic of controls, the game appears to have been developed with a ""one size fits all"" mentality. You want to rebind keys? SOL! You want to disable mouse acceleration? SOL! You want to modify your mouse sensitivity/invert axis? You guessed it: SOL! Many of these aren't a major problem for me personally, but these all fall into the category of incredibly basic quality of life features which appear to have been completey forgotten by the developer. Hotkeys used to make switching between Assembly/Disassembly/Inspection modes, and many other interactions a breeze, but all of these are now relegated to the clunky new context wheel.I'm hopeful that the developer will get the majority of these issues ironed out in the coming weeks, but I'm not holding my breath at this point. As it stands currently, you're certainly better off taking a hard pass on the purchase and waiting for the game to be release-worthy."
76561198000255633,Not Recommended,645630,33953537,Posted: 1 August,all,ian6644,game is buggy as hell. wait for dev to fix before purchase. i have wasted a lot of time on fixing cars only to have game freeze or part missing in game. when tthis happens you lose all exp points and their is nothing you can to but exit out of game.
76561198373148626,Recommended,645630,33954380,Posted: 1 August,all,The Racer,i bought this game thrilled it was my first ever purchas of a game on stream and i was utterly amazed i have a bad computer but it can run amzingly thank you ive been waiting so long
76561198285556318,Recommended,645630,33955923,Posted: 1 August,all,Scubaperch,"I can't get the game to work, it just keeps unresponding whenever I try to start it. Any tips? (game editor does the same thing)"
76561198208984559,Not Recommended,645630,33958591,Posted: 1 August,all,Niley,"Avoid. Bought it, 15 minutes later I'd applied for a refund. No key rebinding (Not something I thought of having to check before purchase), so can't be played by most left-handed people. It's laggy, and my gaming rig is more than capable of playing other modern games. This is a simulator, not an FPS or car racing game, there is no excuse for having poor framerate on a Core  i7, 16GB ram, Samsung SSD and a Nvidia GeForce 860M graphics card machine.  From my research I have the feeling it was rushed to release by Red Dot Games (A relatively small outfit who could well have shot themsevles in the foot with this release) without being fully bug tested."
76561198253774176,Recommended,645630,33963651,Posted: 1 August,all,SynovialAlloy,"I love this game. I does have a fair amount of bugs, but I do see that the devs are working on righting them. Especially with all the recent updates. It's still very playable and a lot of fun. I have not had any performance issues. I've never been stuck where I couldn't complete a repair. I would recommend this game."
76561198123445337,Not Recommended,645630,33974505,Posted: 2 August,all,Toyobart,"I don't understand the youtube hype , my savegame crashed during the FIRST job..."
76561198201329715,Not Recommended,645630,33975393,Posted: 2 August,all,James H.,One mis-click and you lose 2 hours worth of work. This game needs work.
,Recommended,645630,34025159,Posted: 4 August,all,Brutal_Trifle,Great game. Shame about the bugs but hey everyone was whining. Hopefully they'll impliment local multiplayer or something. Play with friends.
76561198107190410,Recommended,645630,34060906,Posted: 6 August,all,Cheeto Ceasar,"Great game, poorly optimized. I'm playing this on a dell t3500 with a x5670 @2.93ghz and a 1050 ti ssd and I'm all over the place in terms of frame rate, like anywhere from 15-60 fps in fraps. Looking forward to seeing this game becoming more refined in the future. Get it while it's on sale!"
,Not Recommended,645630,34111301,Posted: 8 August,all,_Pandaa,"I'm going to say it flat out. This game is broken. I would NOT reccommend spending $19.99 on it until they fix a few things.So far, on my computer, the game has been running fairly well, with minimal glitches or bugs, but there are still a few things in the game which bugged me so much, I ended up refunding it. Here are a few.-THE ESCAPE BUTTON, or more importantly, devs learn to use it! You can't use the escape button in ANY of the menus in this game. Being so used to CMS 2015, this really rubbed me the wrong way.-Controls. Currently there is no way to select the controls in the game. This also rubs me the wrong way, because (usually) in games I'm used to going to the controls menu if I can't figure out what button to use. In CMS 2018, I cant do that, meaning that I have to sit there and hit every button on my keyboard in order to find the correct one.-Lack of a REAL tutorial. When you first start up the game, you enter the ""tutorial"" sequence, which basically means it dumps you in the game with no walkthrough whatsoever. All it says is ""Go to the test track to end the tutorial."" Being fairly expirienced in CMS 2015, I knew my way around enough to get the basic idea of the controls in the game, but to a newer player, this could seem VERY overwhelming.-Sloppy controls and Settings. The controls in this game I find very sloppy. When you stop moving your mouse, rather than coming to an abrupt halt, the cursor drifts to a stop, making it almost impossible to select the right part in the engine. Same goes for movement. When you stop holding down the ""w"" key for example, your character drifts to a stop, making it feel like your swimming through the garage, not walking through it. In terms of the video settings, they're absolutely awful. I run a triple monitor setup, with each of my monitors running at 1080p. The image seemed too stretched out when I was running it on all three, so I went into the video settings and selected ""1920x1080."" The image moved itself to my center monitor, as usual, but rather than being true 1080p, (video imput in one monitor and no video imput in the other two) It just broadcasted black to the other two screens, meaning although the image was only on one screen, I could still move my cursor between all three of them.-FPS. They promised 60 fps. Did they deliver? Not at all. This game runs at 30 fps, and on my computer, at best up to 45.-Crashing. In the main menu, whenever I hit ""New Game"" it freezes, and then crashes.-There are things in the game that appear, but have no use as of now. For instance you can see the car spa and race track on your map, but they haven't been added to the game yet, meaning you cant travel there. It's the same with a few other items in the garage as well, that appear but have no use.Overall I would say don't spend money on this game as of now. If they release patches or bug fixes in the future, then consider it, but as of now, I wouldn't reccommend picking it up. I give it a 4/10."
76561198220649512,Recommended,645630,34212089,Posted: 13 August,all,Expert Mechanic,"Fantastic game, bought it a few days ago and I'm already addicted, I don't know what was that fuss about it being very buggy, but for the 15 hours that I played it I didn't find even a single one. This game took CMS15 and improved it in every aspect possible, adding lots more features like engine crane, spring puller, tire balancer and more. The radial menu as some people say can be annoying but I quickly got used to it and It works just fine.Honestly if you liked the previous games then I can guarantee that you'd like this one as well.10/10 worth every dollar."
,Recommended,645630,34224351,Posted: 13 August,all,Sietse,"If you liked Car Mechanic Simulator 2015, you will like this one even more. More detail to the repairs, better graphics and performance, more cars, more awesomeness."
76561198058852366,Recommended,645630,34240064,Posted: 14 August,all,aweppc2,"Game had some issues right after release, but right now it's more than satisfying to play"
76561198071890841,Recommended,645630,34245263,Posted: 14 August,all,mudbogger22,great game
76561197993268828,Recommended,645630,34314011,Posted: 17 August,all,Flying Rhino,"So, I want to like this more then I do.  Its not a bad game (see yes recommendation), but its still got some work needed.  One of the things that CMS 15 had right was its zen.  It was just a low impact game that you could play and relax.Its got promise.  And it will get there, but its not quite there yet.9/7/17 update: Dear god, do the devs sleep?  This is getting a patch nearly ever day.  And its already a lot better.  That work is getting done.  I look forward to more, but its defintly a better time."
76561198020104807,Recommended,645630,34598157,Posted: 29 August,all,Öbesemönster,Bugs seem to be fixed at this pointFun game
,Recommended,645630,34699711,Posted: 2 September,all,jcoop9093,"So far it's a pretty good game. Takes a lot of grinding to move up. Wish there were more custom options when building a personal vehicle. An open world layout like farm sim would be cool also. Actually having a shop truck to drive to barns and the track. All in all, I'll be spending a lot of time on this game."
,Recommended,645630,34830963,Posted: 9 September,all,elijahbleach,cant wait for more DLC :D
,Recommended,645630,33859755,Posted: 28 July,all,Biggi,"After doing the first car I got a black screen, reloaded the game had to start over, Redid the first mission got stuck with a blury screen and could only move the mouse, so I esc, Went to main menu, contiued from my last save (As I was saving thought out the build), I then esc from engine bay, and black screen...I'll change this review when these things are fixed. Also no mouse on the Main Menu however I've seen it on there but it's not move-able.Also I miss the old 1,2,3 shortcut keys to assemble/dessemble and check part condition and such.NOTE:They've fixed the mouse on the main screenI do believe the other bugs that I noted above have been fixed. Still no shortcut keys however, runs pretty smooth for me 60FPS all the time on Ultra."
,Recommended,645630,33862263,Posted: 28 July,all,InsiderCounter AKA ASS TITS,"I just got this game and only played an hour. Its a big learning curve from the perivous game. The big difference I had to learn was the new pie chart to interact with the car mounting/unmounting. The framerate is a solid 60 most of the time. Only drops i really get is when you run into the walls and it dips below 40. My rig runs with a gtx 1060 6gb card, 8gb of ram, and with a i5 6500."
76561198062355173,Recommended,645630,33864372,Posted: 28 July,all,Ulkalar,I have had no issues with the game at all since launch. Smooth framerate and no game errors.System DetailsAMD FX 9590Asus GTX 98016 Gig Ram1TB SSD.
,Recommended,645630,33868210,Posted: 28 July,all,Rewdalf,"*PC Specs at bottom*So far, everything is fine.Framerate isn't ""ultra-smooth,"" but it's running around 50-60fps without issue.The game itself is a fantastic improvement over CMS'15.-There are more features-The graphics have been improved-There's yet another lineup of very enthusiastic car-fixin' music-The progression tree seems very interesting-Barn finds, auction house, garage upgrades...There is a lot of game packed in here over the old one.And not to mention, credit where credit is due, this game comes with40unique cars.Yes, some of them come straight from CMS'15, including DLCs, but you're givenplentyto work with. The new vehicles hail from more of the made-up manufacturers of the old game, and they do a good job of mimicing some real-life classics and such.Just playing around with the showroom, I'm impressed with the detail and uniqueness of some of these vehicles.Also included are more types of paintjobs, and unique liveries that can be applied to cars.There are alsoplentyof rims and parts to choose from. Items that were previously DLC in CMS'15 are included in this game from the start.There are also two optional DLCs.Seeoptional.You are not forced into buying them, but they include a Mazda and Dodge line-up of two cars each. They're well priced, and include very detailed anduniquely laid-outcars.As much as people are willing to hate on DLCs, I enjoy seeing this from CMS. Licensing for these companies and cars is probably a nightmare, but you don't get awarded name-brand vehicles for making a sub-par game. This is nothing but good news for CMS'18. I'm excited to see what other branded DLC will be coming in the future, and enjoy supporting developers who deserve it.As for any bugs and glitches with the game itself; while I haven't run into any myself, I'm sure there are going to be a few. But I trust that they will be addressed and fixed.There have already been some patches for the launch bugs, and any still existing ones are being worked on. You can't fault a game company for making mistakes. Especially when they're actively working to fix them.CMS'15 was a great game that received good DLCs and updates.I'm confident that CMS'18 will do the same.*PC Specs*Windows 10 Home 64-bitIntel Core i7 4790K @ 4.00GHz16.0GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 799MHz2047MB NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Ti"
76561198209818013,Recommended,645630,33868647,Posted: 28 July,all,Goldie78,This game is very well made but it lags if your not on a very good computer on my laptop which is 2 years old it lags with graphics on lowest setting but still playable
,Recommended,645630,33877330,Posted: 29 July,all,#^1Ph@L^1@nX#^4-G^4R-,"Very good game with small problems for now,they fix with patches!!!Better graphics from 2015 and more details about cars and engines!!!Recommend it!!!Continued the good work guys!!!"
76561198254857058,Recommended,645630,33896957,Posted: 29 July,all,AMEIZING,NEEDS an autosave
76561198324403545,Recommended,645630,33902467,Posted: 30 July,all,Shaun | CS.MONEY,"Alot of bugs here and there, but considering how active the developers are they will probably be gone soon."
76561198124525784,Recommended,645630,33955971,Posted: 1 August,all,Shamishaman,"Awesome game!! leveling system is great!Some minor bugs, but the devs are working like maniacs to fix them all. Felt like a little bit beta to begin with, but now it is a very enjoyable game.That feeling when you expand your garage is just incredible.WHERE IS THIS BROKEN PART???????? Oh, it's this rubber bushing.10/10 Would strip whole engine again."
,Recommended,645630,33974135,Posted: 2 August,all,Katanagashi,"I got hooked from the begining...I had the older games and the concept for some reason appeals to me.There is something about getting a broken car, fix it and then test drive it. I still haven't played enough to rebuild my own car that had fallen into decay in some barn or junk yard, but I really look forward to it. but for now I take joy in seeing my garage getting to be a better place to work.True... there are bugs. I do get a slight loss of performance but I can still play on high settings. I had a part disappearing once on my 2nd play. but nothing critical so far.As a developer myself I feel that this was not handled properly on release, but I have to admit that the number of patches in the last few days amazes me.Like most of us, I've played other buggy games where the company only gives us a bad excuse and announces ""will be fixed soon"" only to wait months before we get a patch that does not fix. I remember a particular game I have took over a year before becoming playable.Great game and hard working team... that is thumbs up from me2nd August, 5 days after the release and lost count on the updates"
,Recommended,645630,34301032,Posted: 16 August,all,dhoops7,"I definately recommend this game!  It had/has its faults but the developers are working very hard to turn it around and make this a quality game just like the others.  I am noticing many bugs going away quickly, and the game is very playable now without much trouble.  This game will soon be great!  This game definately has the potential to far exceed the previous games with a lot more detail.  It's all the little things that make this game so cool."
,Recommended,645630,34666896,Posted: 1 September,all,Kanelbulle,"Although I clicked the recommend button I'm actually more 50/50 between yes and no. I lvoe the mechanic simulator franchise and while I haven't racked up many hours I do have a lot of fun. My current issue with Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 is the poorly designed user flow in menus, wierd mouse lag and some core missing functionality that could seemingly easily be added (such as building a brand new engine from the block up without first pulling it from a vehicle). I also wish it were easier to buy replacement parts. A lot of people strip vehicles down from top to bottom and take away every little bolt, but then to replace every part you must enter inventory, get the name, go to shop, enter the part/s name (I usually do 4 at a time) and then go back to sell the broken part from inv and start the process again."
,Recommended,645630,34780193,Posted: 6 September,all,Tacobell480,"At first I was very disappointed with the optimization in this game. But after refunding, and then buying again, I noticed I was being a bit too harsh. This game is really fun and interesting. I can't wait to get to the junkyard.EDIT: My friend has an addiction to osu!... This is game my osu!"
76561198013093094,Recommended,645630,33863684,Posted: 28 July,all,Bigi4life,"A good game with great potential. Yes there are bugs but that isn't something strange. Had the game been out for a couple of weeks then maybe all the complains had been justified but no. Don't be a spoiled kid, have some common sense and give them some time to be able too fix it."
,Recommended,645630,33865451,Posted: 28 July,all,Susha,Needs to be optimized and bugs need to be fixed. Every 5 mins my mouse would disappear and after about 30 sec it comes back. Accidentally tried moving a car to park spot but it was a customer car. Gave me a screen which I could not close since my mouse didn't work. So I had to manually close the game with no way of saving lost all my progress. I do like this game compared to the old one much more in depth. NEEDS AUTO SAVE cant be that hard to implementUPDATE: Mouse works good now and
,Recommended,645630,33869137,Posted: 28 July,all,MAXX_ATTAXX_101,"Yes, the game does run pretty bad, but 90% of these negative reviews all say the same thing. So ignore them. The game has only been out for 24 hours, so give RedDot and their amazing developers to fix the small issues and the game is 100% worth it, especially for only $2 more than the first game rn (as of 8:30 PM EST 7/28/17). The only complaint I might have about this game is a lack of a tutorial or direction on how to actually progress in the game. But  a simple Google I'm sure will solve that problem."
76561198140674828,Recommended,645630,33871246,Posted: 28 July,all,forgottendead347,"This game has a high potential to be a great game... but it needs patches, and a.s.a.p... i love car mechanic sim 2015 but i can barley get threw one car repair before the game glitches and i have to exit to the main menu, they shouldn't have even released a launch date until game breaking bugs where fixed, so far i have play for 4 hours and here is what i have found.items glitch in your menu, get deleted, are undeleteable/mountable, then vanish and you get no refund for said partsyou can break the game if you try to use the car test Path (im not sure what happens but when i try to fix it for {1} whatever that is, it puts me in the car, the car fails to start and i can't do a single thing, no menus, escape no longer works, i pressed every button on the keyboard and nothing happened, i have to kill the program via task manager. > <)Ive lost 2 upgrade points, i leveled up and nothing happens,,,the computer screen to buy parts from sometimes takes my money and i don't get any parts, or i try to use the pop-up to buy more then one part at a time and it takes the money for the parts i wanted but i only get one part...and i currently and only getting the same 4 or 5 story mission....i really don't want a refund i just want the game to work but i have lost a lot of faith with the title release setbacks, and the glitches that make the game almost unplayable... i wouldn't be half as disappointed if the devs just said we are experiencing some quality issues with the game and are gonna hold of on releasing it until it is the quality game that we would like to put out...."
,Recommended,645630,33875160,Posted: 29 July,all,Voxxes,"Good game overall, but I often use the auction house and the screen remains black and I have to reload, which is quite annoying."
,Recommended,645630,33892119,Posted: 29 July,all,Klorix,"The game is fun to play. But there is too much bug. (I took off some wheels and still have the wheelsin the inventory but can't place it back)  do something with the settings, i don't like the design of it. And the game is lagging, i have 30-55 FPS. And my pc isn't so bad. If you have a bad pc don't buy this. I still recommend this, but please fix the bugs and settings.I'll edit this review the day they fix it."
,Recommended,645630,33899537,Posted: 30 July,all,drakeo76,"This is a fantastic game, much more realistic, and loads of new stuff like tyre balancing, there are just so many features it will take a while to be able to get the most from this game. It is true that there are a couple of teething problems, but the devs are releasing patches, and the game is working a lot better, but, instead of people complaining, you might just have a little patience, and give the devs a chance to put things right."
76561198272637255,Not Recommended,645630,33941557,Posted: 31 July,all,懐かしい,how do i get out of tutorial mode?
,Not Recommended,645630,33955074,Posted: 1 August,all,Mittin,"Refunded the game. it´s not finished. its like and alpha. the devs are however working to fix it. might rebuy in the future. with that said, the game is kinda great and there is potential. but yeah, the bugs, the buuuugs are everywhere. so cant recomend it at the time writing this."
76561198074275816,Not Recommended,645630,33966075,Posted: 2 August,all,gh022,"Why is this not labeled early access? Clearly not a complete game. It needs A LOT of work. Very buggy and crappy. Take this game off of steam and re-release it as early access and label the updates as 0.x.x, as it being behind of 2015 in terms of being to date."
76561198036887562,Not Recommended,645630,34025089,Posted: 4 August,all,highjix,"The game caused my PC to crash, after restarting the game no longer works. I get an endless loading screen even after 10 minutes. Guess I have to wait for another patch before I can play this again."
76561198055711867,Recommended,645630,34031750,Posted: 4 August,all,Samo,"i know this game has its fualts but im loving it and enjoy playing it, once all the fualts are fixed this game will be ruely amazing"
76561197970098531,Recommended,645630,34034133,Posted: 5 August,all,.nemo ツ,After the recent patches the game runs fine and is a lot of fun. :)
,Recommended,645630,34210312,Posted: 13 August,all,EvolGrinZ,"The game had a rough start, with a lot of serious bugs and missing content and the game looked more like an Early Access title. But the developers have been working non stop fixing their game and right now it's in a state I am comfortable with recommending this game, with a few side notes though.If you love cars and the mechanics of them, then this game sure is a lot of fun. Even if you know little or nothing about cars, the game can still be quite enjoyable to play, but having knowledge of cars and how they work helps solving the ""puzzles"".With puzzles I mean doing the jobs. At later levels you get customers and you don't get a list of parts that needs to be fixed and you have to search for the broken parts yourself by different means, like taking the car out for a test drive, use special tools or just on visual (the more rust the worse condition a part is in).The fun part to me is trying to find and fix the broken parts while taking as little as possible parts off the car and that can be quite a challenge at times, for instance, you have an engine problem and you end up taking apart the entire engine and then realize the fuel pump on the other side of the car is also part of the engine and is the last broken piece you couldn't find.The game is deep enough, but not deep enough.....if that makes sense.What I mean is, it's deep enough to have fun and learn some basics maybe, but not deep enough to learn how to take your own car apart or how to put it back together. Some parts like fluids, air hozes, wiring (other than ignition wires) is missing. Or at least at the moment of writing this review.Now for the big side note.The game is putting heavy strain on your GPU. Even my GTX1060 6GB is running with 90-100% usage when playing the game, even on medium settings. So your GPU can run quite hot if it's older or doesn't have good cooling capacity.So for that reason I wouldn't recommend to play this game on a laptop."
,Recommended,645630,34226603,Posted: 13 August,all,HiddenElement,"Love this game, yeah its got some bugs that need to be worked out but i already love playing it more then Car Mechanic Simulator 2015. They added a lot to this one and i'm extremely impressed with the work they have put in to it in the past couple weeks after the release to fix it up, great game"
76561198048042766,Recommended,645630,34302166,Posted: 17 August,all,nitro198,Hi Developer team.Thanks for all the hard work you've been putting into this game. I really enjoy the game and appresiate all the efford. This game has a lot off potensial. Looking forward for the next updates :)
,Recommended,645630,34355936,Posted: 19 August,all,per.kuskan,"its a very good mechanic game like its the best, so i do recommend this and all other idiots just have to wait for updates becouse they spended nights before it was released so give them just time and it will get better(im not going to refund) XD"
76561198065827566,Recommended,645630,34361305,Posted: 19 August,all,DrvnAssassin,"I struggle with this review because part of me wants to not recommend this game do to what's included, or should I say what's not included, in the release of the game.Let me start off by saying why I chose to choose ""recommend.""  First reason is that I really enjoyed CMS15 and I want to continue support a small, passionate dev team that has worked tirelessly to resolve the issues experienced at launch.  Secondly, it still carries the same personality of CMS2015 with improved graphics and a couple of new features.  I really do enjoy the barn finds and junk yards.  Restoring junkers to showroom quality and taking them out on the race track to do a few doughnuts before selling the car for cash is quite gratifying.  Or, adding them to your collection in the parking garage.  The welder and interior tools as well as the engine hoist and stand are a nice little added feature.The devs have definitely worked out the majority of the bugs because I have not suffered one crash and I have about 40hrs in the game.  There are still bugs here and there, such as the tire mount a balance machines showing more wheels in your inventory than you actually have, but I'm confident that will be worked out.Now for the gripes.  First thing is, features that already existed in CMS2015 have not been included at launch of 2018.  Examples are garage customization, the dyno, and aftermarket performance parts for vehicles.  You cannot do motor swaps or any real customization to the vehicles as of now other than wheels/tires, limited interior, paint, and limited livery.  You also cannot paint individual parts in the paint booth.  This definitely takes away from the overall fun factor of the game and really limits replay value.  Secondly, after playing 2015 for so long and earning all of the tools and upgrades, doing the same thing over again in 2018 is an excrutiating grind fest.  Gating the paint booth behind level 30 is extremely disheartening.  One can only do so many suspension repairs and oil changes before wanting to pull their hair out.  There just isn't much variety to performing jobs as, once you've figured out the overall makeup of the majority of the cars, figuring out what's wrong with the vehicle serves as little to no challenge at all.  I've been able to diagnose issues using 0 of the diagnostic features leveling up offers.  However, that isn't a huge issue because restoring and customing is where the bread and butter are anyway.Restoring cars is fun, but it leaves more to be desired.  With no garage customization available, there just isn't much to work for at the moment.  Customization options for vehicles is so limited in the game's current state that I can see myself burning out on it as there is no real goal for me to achieve.  Once I'm able to customize my garage, really make these cars look unique, add tons of power with aftermarket parts and tuning, and actually sell them at an auction for boatloads of cash I'll be more than happy with this game.  I also really hope they add a multiplayer dragstrip.  That would add so much more of an incentive to buy junk cars and fix them up.  What's the point of all of those earned vehicles if no one else can see what you've got? :)So, I'm recommending it only because I hope that it gets much better over time, but as a base game it is still enjoyable to play in small doses."
,Recommended,645630,34776995,Posted: 6 September,all,Growing Longer,Excellent game
76561198019832065,Not Recommended,645630,34828572,Posted: 8 September,all,umnu22,so much content missing bugs as well hope will fix soon with some updates should be more customizing going on
,Recommended,645630,33859065,Posted: 28 July,all,Smaguris,"There are huge amounts of improvements from the previous installments, there are more than 40 cars (CMS2015 had around 38 with all DLCs) and there are some pretty amazing graphics. I am running a GTX 970 and I get anywhere from 35 and 60 FPS on ultra settings, no bugs that I've encountered so far."
76561198056037247,Recommended,645630,33859882,Posted: 28 July,all,QinetiQo,"Graphics aren't too much of an issue for me and I don't claim to have an amazing system either. The only problems I have run into so far are bugs such as blank screens, parts going missing in inventory, parts not being able to be assembled and not being able to access the sump plug. I would say this game is playable although has annoying glitches which I am sure will be fixed at a later date. Some of the actions seem weird like having to right click to change between assemble/disassemble, so hopefully some shortcuts will be made like in CM15."
76561198005056774,Recommended,645630,33862067,Posted: 28 July,all,GamerDad,Have played the game with minimal issues.  First thing I did was turn off V sync that helped with framerates.  Is the game perfect of course not but is any game?  I expect in the next few days there will be a patch or two to improve this game.  But right now honestly for the price people need to calm down.  I Love the game and I see the potential with a patch or two.  So if you can be patient I say buy the game now.  If you know you are gonna be frustrated because of a bug here and there then hold off a day or two.Also wanted to add.  I am so impressed with how hard this company is working.  Go look at the facebook page they are listening to people and working hard to fix issues.  Very impressed with how they are trying to fix things and get fixes out to us the people who purchased the game.
,Recommended,645630,33862181,Posted: 28 July,all,IamAlive,Its a good game just a few bugs id reccomeend it
76561198051124510,Recommended,645630,33863739,Posted: 28 July,all,Ternkios,"Launch day patch applied, FPS rate is much improved - Mouse pointer on main menu screen enabled. Game looks like it has some good potential..Update 2 - 1.0.2 patch applied, still parts going missing / Unable to install brake parts on cars..Update 3 - 1.0.5 patch applied, Still buggy but much better overall..Update 4 - 1.0.9 patch applied, Game is playable now, most major bugs fixed. If you have held off buying this game due to bad reviews - it might be worth a look now, just bear in mind Steam's refund policy if you want to try before you buy. - Note: there is still no real tutorial to this game, some previous CMS exp is handy here.."
,Recommended,645630,33866038,Posted: 28 July,all,BlackForest,"Personally, I really don't see what people seem to be complaining about, I haven't experienced any of the bad frame rate or other issues mentioned at all, only minor issue I had was a slight visual bug of something not quite lining up properly, though nothing game-breaking whatsoever, have thoroughly enjoyed it so far!Edit: after playing a while more there have been some slight issues, occasional freezing or parts (especially on rotary engines) that seem to glitch slightly (no images or have different parts mounted to what is eventually required to refit) however still no major game-breaking issues, just small hiccups that either require a different part or a quick save and reload, overall still really enjoying it!"
,Recommended,645630,33866266,Posted: 28 July,all,LostNFound,"The game is a lot of fun to play.. Glad to see a lot more things added to the game. There's a lot more to do... Plus, It will get  better and better as things move along.. haven't had many problems playing so far, except for a few little things,  It's a new game, problems will arise, that's normal for any new game.. It doesn't bother me.. The devs will work through them and get them fixed, Give them some time... If you are a fan of CMS2014 and 2015 like I am, You will surely like 2018... Definitely glad that I bought the game.. Enjoying it already... I highly recommend getting the game. 👍"
,Recommended,645630,33866318,Posted: 28 July,all,LAxTristan,"Now with the game at patch 1.1.1 the game runs a lot better than before and i am getting a stable 75fps and up.A lot of bugs have been fixe but you can still come across a few.Overall the game is a lot like CMS 2015 but with great improvements in tools, graphics and hud wise. Really enjoying it now."
76561198000088094,Recommended,645630,33868674,Posted: 28 July,all,GOObER,Great game.Runs fine on my machine with perfect framerates.Looks fantastic.
,Recommended,645630,33869458,Posted: 28 July,all,Mylo,"It's decent, I didn't have any trouble running it. It has a lot of potential, but currently it just feels incomplete. The mouse sensitivity is locked and has mouse acceleration, and it would be great if you could change those. The movement is awkward, but not a big issue, and the whole right click menu thing is kinda annoying, but otherwise it seems decent and will hopefully be updates more in the future."
76561198331554984,Recommended,645630,33873562,Posted: 28 July,all,Hirad,"Its not all doom and gloom....I've only played a little over an hour but im in love, yes it doesnt run well on High at the moment but im playing it on 1920x1080 on low and its silky smooth and still very pretty compared to CMS15. I have faith that the launch issues that people are describing will be fixed promply, theirs already a patch out 1.02.my only negative comment thus far is display options menu, no customisation ie. Anti Aliasing, Textures, Shadows etc."
,Recommended,645630,33875082,Posted: 29 July,all,Fenrir,"Here's my take on what little time I've played:Pros:Beautiful graphicsMore options, including a wheel changer and balancerMore than just a point and click, i.e. you actually need to know the measurements for wheels when buying themLove the idea of barn findsA step up from CMS2014 and CMS2015Cons:Can't take the drain plug outYou can't move the oil pan around, you have to click an option to move itEvery item is accesed through the right mouse button, instead of standalone keysSlightly deccelerating causes an earsplitting tire screechMouse and player accelerationI can't really complain all that much, as other's had pointed out, due to it being JUST released, however I'm going to go ahead and recommened it, in hopes that it continues moving foward and fix the issues at hand. I really enjoyed CMS2015, and hope to see this game surpass it."
,Recommended,645630,33876711,Posted: 29 July,all,AYG,"Been hyped for this game from the moment I saw it advertised on PlayWays facebook profile.We were all warned of potential bugs upon release and they did advise if you wanted a smooth game to wait a few weeks for those bugs to be ironed out, yet here we are. People posting negative reviews after 5 minutes of gameplay because of a game freeze.Within a few hours of release there was an update to resolve some bugs and add a cursor. Their facebook page has been going crazy with feedback and replies from PlayWay themselves! It's good to see and gives me confidence this game will be 100% working in a week or so. Myself, I've only experienced one bug which prevented me putting wheels back on after balancing all four instead of one at a time.Game does need to be optimised better as my rig (pretty powerful) does sometimes get FPS lag in the tutorial garage. (shouldn't be happening in this sort of game, especially as it's not open world). However I'm confident it will be sorted in due course.Overall, game looks nice, plays nice and is in depth in the right areas. 10/10TL:DR1) Game launched with bugs that are being resolved.2) PlayWay are actively speaking with users and resolving issues.3) Game is graphically nice.4) Gameplay is smooth and menus easy to navigate."
76561198154954200,Recommended,645630,33883475,Posted: 29 July,all,Divaulti,"So, after reading some reviews and actually buying the game, I've discovered a couple of things.First of all, most of the people writing negative reviews seem to be more concerned about the graphics (and how they aren't optimized, and how the fps isn't 60 all the time, and... and... and...) than about the rest of the game. Yes, the graphics make the game lag a bunch, even when I play it on low settings, but I've only been playing this game on a laptop that has something close to a potato for a graphics card, so considering this the graphics aren't really that bad in my opinion.Now, the game itself has had a massive upgrade compared to cms 2015, which I think is nice. And as someone who has played both cms 2014 and 2015, I think it's really great to see that the devs are adding more and more detail every game.I do have some concerns about the bugs I have encountered so far, mainly one bug that doesn't allow you to put back parts that are combined, for example when you change tires, you basically combine the tire and the rim into one part, though when you do this the game doesn't allow you to put it back on the car, saying there aren't any available parts. This probably isn't the only example and it pretty much gets you stuck at every job where you have to do these kinds of things.Overall, if you really like these kind of games and you don't really mind that the graphics aren't optimal or there's still some bugs in the game, go ahead and buy it. But if you're not that fond of bugs or you think you need graphics that are as good as real life, then wait a little until the game gets patched for these things.-EDIT-I've tried out the game editor a bit as well, and it feels very rushed. Mainly because a) it isn't even possible to view the rear of the car without figuring out how the movement of that editor works, and b) you can't even exit it without pressing alt-f4.-END EDIT-"
76561198013519574,Recommended,645630,33884031,Posted: 29 July,all,vready03,"Much better now that it's patched to 1.02.  Now smoothly playable on my laptop, which does not have great hardware. I just played through a couple of repairs/orders and had none of the bugs (there were many) I was experiencing before the patches.  This is in the starter garage, after I basically skipped the tutorial by going straight through the test drive track.I know the developer is still wprking fast to patch even more bugs, but it's already much more like the CMS15 + nice new features I was expecting."
76561198268281577,Recommended,645630,33891189,Posted: 29 July,all,TheCanadienCat,what can i say ..ya its not optimalthere bug and glichbut overall it is good
76561198007987506,Recommended,645630,33955846,Posted: 1 August,all,littlewener,"First off, at the moment this game is not perfect.  It will get there as the devs are jumping on the bugs at a rapid rate since release.  If you enjoyed CMS 15, this is the next step up from that.  There is a couple of annoying things to get used to (keybindings changed is the main one for me) but overall it has really impressed me.  Can't wait to see the development from here."
76561198057296900,Not Recommended,645630,34101885,Posted: 8 August,all,andre,"Shocking, won't even launch, tried all suggestions in forums. Let's see if devs get back to me or I'll request a refund."
,Recommended,645630,34268819,Posted: 15 August,all,dehrk,"Despite a bit of a rocky release, this game is beyond fantastic through the tireless efforts of the developers. If CMS2015 is any indiction, there will be quality content for years to come."
76561198278348863,Recommended,645630,34314970,Posted: 17 August,all,GrayStillPlays,i am sad about my save agmes getting unsvaed by updates but i very happy to say that this game has no more crashing and its running at a solid 45 fps on high settings so all andd all a good game to keep and eye on peace out
76561198246955104,Recommended,645630,34356029,Posted: 19 August,all,reepa_,awsome game
76561198066649666,Recommended,645630,34359957,Posted: 19 August,all,Pilot-MZC,"PROS: Really Addictive game and real fun game really good graphics even on low settings, fix customer's cars grow your business, buy your own cars fix um up or sell them for profit, got to the barn, auction, showroom, etc etc... go at your own pace do as you like as you are the boss, great levelling up system lots to do.CONS: The developers have rushed this game for sure, needs more updates couple of bugs and could do with more bits and nuts on some pieces, they just come straight off without bolts and clips body panels, engine parts, etc etc...Overall: Great game beacause im addicted to it despite some minor bugs i still rate this 9/10 and i recommend this as the developers are updating this and fixing bugs and adding extras, seriously ignore all the negatives this game is getting much better as soon as the updates are green."
76561198141836905,Recommended,645630,33862136,Posted: 28 July,all,langenbahn,Yes the game isnt the best right now but im hoping in the next coming days everything will be worked out. With a few tweaks this game will be amazing
76561198150099814,Recommended,645630,33862402,Posted: 28 July,all,dADDy,"Even though there are a lot of problems with framerate, this game is way better than CMS15. So much more customizability and doesn't become a boring cycle. There are some bugs and glitches but I'm happy that it was released. The dev's just have to patch some issues"
,Recommended,645630,33864701,Posted: 28 July,all,WrathRox,"The game looks pretty awesome and a lot of open areas that you'll get when you first start out. More then what you'd get from the previous versions of these games. For example the paint shop and not sure what other areas from the previous versions you have to buy to unlock or a certain level. This one a few areas are already unlocked and the point system for unlocking certain aspects of the game there's a whole system tree. Plus, there's a lot different tools to use on the 2018 version that I actually have enjoyed and liked so far.The only downside to this game is the lack of FPS on any settings your playing on with or without v-sync turned on or off. To me I would recommend the game but I do hope the publishers eventually make an update to fix the FPS issues. But I would still recommend purchasing the game since you can still run on low settings till an FPS update comes out."
76561198046574592,Recommended,645630,33869147,Posted: 28 July,all,D3NY3D,"EDITED REVIEW:Game was really buggy at first. Devs made a quick patch which fixed a lot of, if not all, of the bugs. I would recommend this game now, and am excited to see what the Devs do with it."
76561198036483765,Recommended,645630,33869546,Posted: 28 July,all,xXSn00tsXx,"Absolutely amazing game, I am goint to be short with this review but i definitely reccomend, It is a new game and as such needs work, but I trust the developers will sort this, amazing game by amazing developers!"
,Recommended,645630,33871845,Posted: 28 July,all,misterspence,Good game lost 5 hours worth of content bc of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ menu glitch. There is no way to regain lost saves. Graphics are great but if you dare look at a light every epileptic in a 5 mile radius seizes up because of flashing rainbow lights. Love the game but you should have fixed the most obvious bugs before releasing.
76561198191994678,Recommended,645630,33884727,Posted: 29 July,all,darkdesire18,"i will start by calling this more of a first impressions than a review ive currently played around 6 hrs of the game so far and my first thought are very good yes there was a couple of bugs but playway have adressed these within 24hrs of its release and still continueing to provide support wherever needed all that aside the few hours i have played have been very enjoyable and i personally didnt encouter any problems the game is a big improvement from cms 2015 with plenty of extra things in the garage that you didnt have before eg the tyre machine, wheel ballancer, spring compressor these are just a few to name and it makes the whole experience a lot more enjoyable and make you feel like you are doing the job on the car more true to real life. the new ui is very easy to use but also very handy it is different to cms 15 but i think this is to favour controller support but it didnt take me long to figure it out and soon became second nature. there are more perks in this cms the parts stores have loads to offer and much improved from cms 15 along with the graphics which i also found very very nice i think the claim of them being photo realistic is questionable but none the less the graphics are still extremely good although i would have liked to have seen more options for the graphics so be able to taylor them better to your pc etc mabye they will add this in later. all in all cms 18 feels bigger especially with the barn finds and jun yard so their are even more way to earn money the game feels better and as a first impresion im very happy with the product and im sure it will only get better as it gets updated and further dls's become available etc there are a couple of areas that can be improved but this is nothing to put you off from getting the game if you like cms 15 you will love cms 18 so id give this a 8/10 based on my first impresions once i have logged 20 - 30 hrs on the game i will be able to give a more detailed and accurate review of this game"
76561198203716032,Recommended,645630,33892289,Posted: 29 July,all,BananaGaming65,"First of all don't listen to the people saying "" oh I have a beast and it rins like garbage "" I have a Integrated graphics ( Intel HD 4000 ) and I can play the game fine on low graphics for sure. This game is a great game its awesome I love it the developers are always active and trying to fix whatever there is to fix and they are active in the forums. Some people might say the game is not good right now. i understand what they mean by that but they aren't letting the developers fix anything. By the timw the developers fixed the issue tbey already refunded the hame ( which is about 5 minutes after they complain ) patheticAnyways in other words this game is great the developers are great I would 100% suggest this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,645630,33940473,Posted: 31 July,all,ah_tongccs,requirement of display card is very high.....
,Recommended,645630,33955540,Posted: 1 August,all,[HK][OP]KW O_O,"this game has some bugs,but it's a fun game to play.the dev was apologize for the bugs anyway,so why not give it a try?"
76561198078738577,Recommended,645630,34297179,Posted: 16 August,all,Meatmachine,"This game is getting better with every update.  I love coming home and relaxing with some wine, chips, and completely rebuild a car.My only complaint is that the achievements dont work."
,Recommended,645630,34637108,Posted: 31 August,all,[KPO Football] JakeKPO,Love it but you will need a good computer not any onld laptop or even a surface Which is what i am using its laggy and crashed often when i got it first but over all i just lowerd res and♥♥♥♥♥♥still laggy but dont crash and not as laggy i love the game
,Recommended,645630,34731804,Posted: 4 September,all,Xulsigiae,"Very rough release to this game, but the developers took the time and effort to solve the issues and add additional content for free.If you know nothing about cars and want to learn a little bit more than this might be a game for you to pick up."
76561198349667289,Recommended,645630,34297363,Posted: 16 August,all,prolawnmowers,"Very Good Game however, the Auctions should definately be toned down a bit. 100 per bid not 500. I tried bying a Kieran for 12,000 and ended up being 60,000."
,Recommended,645630,33889577,Posted: 29 July,all,Lo0KaH,"The game is still a bit buggy as of right now, but the devs are working their♥♥♥♥♥off to bring you constant updates.+Rep from me"
76561198049843499,Not Recommended,645630,34251289,Posted: 15 August,all,Detective Alpha,"This game ran perfectly fine, and was so much fun to play for the first hour or so, but after that the game started to get really laggy. The game keeps freezing, and lagging horribly with terrible lag spikes that last 4-5 seconds at a time. It's almost as if the damn game wanted me to get past the 2 hour refund mark before it started to break. I really hope steam actually lets me refund this even with nearly 4 hours on it. :( I might come back in a few months and see if the game improves, but right now i'd advise you to stay away."
76561198080435232,Recommended,645630,33891160,Posted: 29 July,all,Lord McFubs,"Rough start, but overall features are great"
76561198407957605,Not Recommended,645630,34000150,Posted: 3 August,all,kolteepell,way to laggy waste of money
76561198062592905,Recommended,645630,33904304,Posted: 30 July,all,War :3,"Some features in this game need some attention, there are some annoying bugs still, but I think this game is great already, it is a little bit more fun and challenging than the cms15.The graphics are a lot better, also the gameplay. I hope there will soon be some bugfixes and maybe a little bit more advanced gameplay, such as welding or sanding the car before painting itI'd also like to have better testdriving physiks, even if I think it has already improved compared to cms15. :)"
,Recommended,645630,33923354,Posted: 31 July,all,Project First Contact,"What can i say about this game...Some years ago i saw a game called Car Mechanic Sim 2014, then 2015, then this. It was in Top Sellers i saw it's just single-player and take it from torrent. Game was 1st version with a lot of bugs and in the parking, that city was worst then in GTA:SA.I bought it here because of regulary updates and i played already some hours & if i will play more i will know ""car"" like a PRO. If you have a ton of games on your pc and you're bored of them, you can give this game a chance.My pc i5 4460/gtx 950/8 ram - medium settings - under 35fpsOptimisation: 2/10Game: 9/10"
,Not Recommended,645630,34079762,Posted: 7 August,all,melwem,"after playing for just a while i realise the game isn't finished. there are heaps of bugs around the game, the biggest one that i found is that you can't install the front shock absorbers in some (if not all) cars. i realy love the series but this game is not finished. after probably a year the game might be finished but as of now, it way to buggy and i realy think that they should fix it all. instead i think that you should play CMS 2015 or 2014 in the mean time..."
,Recommended,645630,33926100,Posted: 31 July,all,jungl3boy,"I do recommend this game, although perhaps wait a month or so.It is definitely not finished yet. Currently it should be called a polished up beta. Lots of bugs here and there, but it is still playable when you figure out how to play around the bugs that appear. When its finished it will be a great game.Oh and if your playing to get achievements don't bother, haven't unlocked any yet I should have.UPDATE: Still like playing the game, although I stepped away for maybe a month. got sick of the grind. Basically use the game now to pass time. Still Enjoyable just takes too long to finish upgrading the garage."
,Not Recommended,645630,34136918,Posted: 9 August,all,(Insert Name Here),It's broken. Wait until it's fixed.
76561198409284215,Not Recommended,645630,35010342,Posted: 16 September,all,scottallenjr,Terrible load times. Countless glitches. Keep getting stuck in main menu with no way out other than task manager force quit.
76561198149537716,Not Recommended,645630,34976432,Posted: 15 September,all,Just Quit Stalin,"Unfortunatly until this game actually improves upon the original, which I thouroughly enjoyed, it's getting a dislike for lack of content, bad optimization, and bad controls."
,Recommended,645630,35497136,Posted: 5 October,all,Madguy,nice game to play still feels little alpha but this has some really awsome potential for multiplayer
76561198236015732,Recommended,645630,35497540,Posted: 5 October,all,del0921,"While it is missing a few things from the intro video and some of the things I was excited about, still a solid, fun game!"
76561198057826295,Recommended,645630,34419692,Posted: 22 August,all,SecretAsset,"I purchased this game having no prior knowledge of car machanics. This game ruined my weekend and cost me a fortune. I became quite fast and confident with the repairs I had to do in the garage, such as changing tyres, brake pads, gear boxes and timing belts. My confidence grew further and I remembered my car on the driveway was due a cambelt change. I click on a website that sells car parts, and they came. I decided to put my new found knowledge from this game to the test and began changing the cambelt, water cooler etc. Huge mistake. It took longer than expected and my car would never run again. Had to get a new car. That being said this game is great."
76561198007247020,Recommended,645630,34456761,Posted: 24 August,all,wozt,"Avoided this one after reading the press reviews. I decided to wait for a couple of patches before buying it, and I'm glad I did. I've had no crashes or hang-ups after logging 13 hours. The only thing I thought was a bug (a RoadMaster1234 mission) was actually me not checking the engine bay closely enough to find that last issue!!.The UI botthered me at first, especially the switch between pressing escape, or right clicking to leave a menu or screen. Practice has made me more familiar with it though, so it no longer irritates.If we could see some hoses and wires on the cars, that would bring this close to a wrenchers nirvana for me. Great effort by the team to save this game from the wreckers yard. Keep that effort up and this will be as close to perfect as I could want."
76561198012892454,Recommended,645630,34447932,Posted: 23 August,all,destron,"LOVE this game. Huge improvement over the last in the series. Sure it had some bugs when it first was released but now as of August 23rd, 2017 the game is solid. Bug fixes seem to be going hourly so the devs are actively working on correcting whatever bugs might be left. There are some UI improvements that could (and probably will) be made but overall I'm spending tons of time playing CMS18 and loving it! Cant wait to see some of the new updates"
76561198151672346,Not Recommended,645630,34338422,Posted: 18 August,all,Buster Bob,"Obviously lots of effort has been put into this game, unfortunately it just hasn't worked.  I can live with the bugs and problems as they will hopefully get fixed.  Unfortunately the overall game it just limited to repetitive actions.  Basically the game stops short of actually going anywhere. There is no opportunity to tune cars or swap parts.  There is no opportunity to auction restored cars.   I would really have liked to recommend this game."
,Recommended,645630,34342409,Posted: 18 August,all,DinoMitron,I love this game! I've played this on my beast of a desktop and my okay-ish laptop and it looks and runs great on both.It's great to get a feel for how pulling apart an engine would be and it's a great way to unwind!
,Recommended,645630,34449077,Posted: 23 August,all,Oplefire,"Now after a number of updates, and many bug fixes, the game is where it should have been at launch. However it's an inspiring experience and a total blast to play. My only true gripe is that the game seems un-optimized for AMD based systems. Running an FX-9590 and R9 295x2 i have to play on low settings to get the frame rate i want. I'm aware that my pc isn't ""super"" high spec but this should be a non-issue."
76561198403644122,Recommended,645630,34339710,Posted: 18 August,all,leea10540,plz dev help i like the game watched it on youtube but it is fine when i lonch it but when it starts to load then it crashes plzrespond to this gmail acountpimp_in_pink_69@gmail.complz help
76561198023720608,Recommended,645630,35052659,Posted: 18 September,all,Blackcat13,i like this game i am learning more about cares from it and i wil kep playing it becuase it helps me relaxed
76561198203158713,Recommended,645630,35358478,Posted: 30 September,all,F_16_GAMER,I like this game so much :))) but i hope Toyota is coming in this game with Supra or something ;)))))))))
76561197961166574,Recommended,645630,35425092,Posted: 2 October,all,KipperRipper,Cool game love it! Over 400 hours playing it :)
,Recommended,645630,34222949,Posted: 13 August,all,Garth Gooseman,"I've always been intrested in fixing and restoring vehicles. This game has awesome story related missions that areboth challenging and rewarding*(Noise coming from engine bay)* Me -""lets take the engine block appart"" only to descover it was in the gearbox the whole time.With no broken bolt heads or 90 degree/80% humidity weather; the sim is undoubtedly more enjoyable than working on my truck.10/10 would take apart block and waste time again and again!Love this game and the Devs have been kicking !@#$ with all of the updates! Keep um Coming!"
,Recommended,645630,34223254,Posted: 13 August,all,8u775h1t,"I don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about any of the bugs, they'll fix those eventually, and I can wait. My major complaint is that there aren't enough graphics options. There's like 4 settings you can change. I don't want your shiny floors and your hellish motion blur. I want my options like we had in cms 2015 so my computer can actually get more than 25 frames in this game. Good game tho, everything else is solid."
76561197971196625,Recommended,645630,34896861,Posted: 12 September,all,Hexen,"Pretty addicting game, the thrill of finding an old gem in a junkyard is fun. Restoring it and selling it for a decent profit keeps the game fresh. I think jobs need a little more work to make them feel more organic, but other than that this game does what it offers pretty well."
,Recommended,645630,34216752,Posted: 13 August,all,DK Caboose,I really like this game!!! I think it is worth the price and the bugs are getting fixed very quick.I do think they should have lunched it as beta then fixed the bugs then released it.
76561198423291070,Recommended,645630,35009413,Posted: 16 September,all,doglover,i dont like that it wont let me control the mouse. But ive seen people play it on youtube so thats why i got it.
76561198042870067,Recommended,645630,34218083,Posted: 13 August,all,Justin #/\/\,There's A LOT of people leaving negative reviews for this game. I understand this game was released with quite a few bugs but honestly people the developers have been working their butts off removing those bugs. I personally have experienced a few of these bugs but I haven't met any game breaking bugs with 22 hours playtime. Aside from coming across a few bugs now and then this game is absouletely phenomenal. Once you start playing it's honestly hard to force yourself to log off. If you're into any kind of business managing games or just have an interest in working as a mechanic I would recommend this game to you 5 times over.
76561198124334092,Recommended,645630,35180737,Posted: 24 September,all,Rabid Pitbull with Aids,"The Devs are working hard to improve the quality of this game. Since its troubled release, there has been various updates to fix various game breaking bugs, and to make gameplay better. If you like cars, then this is one game you should definitely pick up"
76561198026439216,Recommended,645630,34801851,Posted: 7 September,all,Red Zero,"Now that the large majority of big bad buggy bugs have been fixed this game is worth a look. Although still not perfect and well away from any form of a true simulation with loads of missing automotive parts such as air hoses, radiator hoses,  radiator water, washer bottles and fluid, wiring looms, door seals, hinges, gaskets, brake fluid, clutch fluid, big end shells etc etc etc etc etc etc etc the game is good for wasting away a few hours when you have nothing else better to do.Admittedly stripping down cars and restoring them in a video game is unique and earns a special genre clique from its followers. You will not learn how to become a master mechanic or even a basic one whilst playing this game but it will give you a bog standard basic skin of the teeth idea on some of the mechanics of a car...a basic outline if you will and I'm sure you might!Overall its a fun game fun-do wahey wahoo and a different game at that, its a game I actually enjoy playing...at my own pace, after all it was cheapish game but with a decent amount of content. Yeah I spose buy it and have a bit of virtual spanner-do virtual spanner-dont fun, but dont try to look too deep into its shallow quarters, you'll only bop your head!"
,Recommended,645630,34222668,Posted: 13 August,all,|SGC| Stavka5,"Nice game and much better improved from the cm2015.Its a very adictive game and if you liked the cm2015, the cm2018 is a must to have game!"
,Recommended,645630,35078314,Posted: 19 September,all,GM_master,Its pretty good and fun game. Its very addicted game but it need more customisation to do to your cars
76561198254336438,Not Recommended,645630,34963143,Posted: 14 September,all,DrinkingCrowd,when i launch the game and it goes to the main screen to press new game and start game or continue it wont let me play the game can some one help me figure this out
76561198314596229,Recommended,645630,34220562,Posted: 13 August,all,doug3rich,are all the bugs fixed in car mechanic 2018
,Recommended,645630,35357106,Posted: 30 September,all,Panda,good game
76561198021323770,Recommended,645630,34215770,Posted: 13 August,all,Kathadus,"I haven't played too much into the game so far. I do enjoy it, it is relaxing, yeah there are a few bugs to the game but all together it is being actively supported to fix these bugs. The race track is something I have been excited for but I believe that it is only meant for testing cars, I wish they would input a feature to actually race the cars you built for money. If you are interested in a steady game to just pass time, I do recommend this."
76561198320216969,Recommended,645630,35013912,Posted: 16 September,all,ugly llama face,FUN FUN FUN BUT U WILL GET BORED TILL THEN FUN FUN FUN
,Recommended,645630,34568945,Posted: 28 August,all,Señor Nigel Thornberry,"played the series from CMS 2014-2018. i can say the game was horrible at first, but devs put in a boat load of work to try and get the game in perfect running condition. there still might be bugs here and there, but thats normal, not all bugs are easy to spot. just give it time and youll see that the game is worth while."
,Recommended,645630,34572555,Posted: 29 August,all,DannyB,"Very, very good simulation game. Recommended it."
,Recommended,645630,35167170,Posted: 23 September,all,Teuf,"I enjoy this game, but the lack of key assignments and the lack of interaction from the developers on the forums leads me to believe that this game will simply not progress. Rather unfortunate."
,Not Recommended,645630,34042245,Posted: 5 August,all,I Am Minimal,"Wow, Just wow. I watched a few reviews and playthroughs of this game and they all noted some bugs but nothing game breaking so i was like meh I will try it. 10 minutes in the ""click to work on part"" just completely stops working on a car, even after restarting the game.This dev is as bad as all the other early access milkers and should GTFO."
,Not Recommended,645630,34013367,Posted: 4 August,all,=7Cav=Stalker,This thing sucks.A lot of updates since release but it still sucks. Story mode is unplayable because of bugs.Dont buy this. Wait untill all the dlc's are released and just download it elsewhere as developers just want the money.
,Recommended,645630,33983152,Posted: 2 August,all,BlueRhino600,"Beisdes all the bugs in the game, the game seems to not have the Salem Specter Fastback windows or mirrors.. I can't finish a job without the windows and mirror."
76561198069803302,Not Recommended,645630,34084475,Posted: 7 August,all,cornelius85,They are selling an early access game as a full finished game and scamming their customers and steam is doing nothing about that. I loved cms 2015. But this one is rubbish it is riddled with bugs.  Developper is patching the game everyday but it does not solve any problems. And in my opinion they will never able to sort it out. Dont waste your money.
76561198073127655,Not Recommended,645630,33862679,Posted: 28 July,all,Algogreen,"How can this be sold as a complete game by a company that normally has very well optimised and well thought out games. there isn't even a way of seeing the controls, let alone rebinding keys"
76561198152808015,Not Recommended,645630,34060976,Posted: 6 August,all,samcave71,"My computer is not the best, but even so it runs other Steam games perfectly well, however, even on low graphics setting, this game is laggy and unresponsive, i would like to see more optimisation options, rather than just a simple, Low, Medium, High."
76561198313886576,Not Recommended,645630,33859255,Posted: 28 July,all,Striker,"This game is buggy, to the point where it breaks all continuation, I have no idea how they managed to slide this mess past there Publisher and Steam, but the QA team should all be fired as they seemingly skipped over these bugs, on top of that day 1 DLC!!!! can you believe that after a week of delays they have the confidence to release this buggy piece of mess and Day 1 DLC.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=maKrg39Fdvk&feature=youtu.be"
,Not Recommended,645630,33876044,Posted: 29 July,all,Cons,"Way to much bugs and crashes ,"
76561198175708462,Not Recommended,645630,33923353,Posted: 31 July,all,scrdutton,well were do i start. i have been a mechanic for almost 20 years and i was interested in it until i played it and found  that it was by far the most glitchy new release ever. parts wont go back on. wheel bolts not inline with wheel bolt holes. the very poor instructions are a complete joke. who said this was ready for release.  oh yeah the game developers. yeah that will do.... NO IT WONT DO WTF. the game is glitchy as f**k.
76561198150927396,Not Recommended,645630,34079571,Posted: 7 August,all,Mittens,"I was truley hoping for a playable CMS18, and well all I got what a game that runs like dirt. I would recommend doing what others do, and just sttay away from this game till RedDot and Playway fix the Performormace and Optimization issue's."
76561198060049788,Recommended,645630,33963718,Posted: 1 August,all,Rodrigo Alkndi,Game of the year 2018 <3
,Recommended,645630,33962564,Posted: 1 August,all,FX II KrazzyKop 👮,"I'm not sure what all the fuss is about. I've throughly enjoyed this game. I've put 15hrs in, in two days. Nothing better then completely dissassembling a Block, just to find out, it's the radiator fan shroud.12/10, Would waste an hour for a 5 minute fix again.SN. Also refilled his oil just to forget that I took the Oil Pan off. Sometimes you just have to laugh at yourself."
76561198126012195,Not Recommended,645630,34214846,Posted: 13 August,all,B3rnlak,twenty seven dollars for a black screen :(
,Recommended,645630,33864161,Posted: 28 July,all,ob0,"This game may have bugs and glitches but the main gameplay is there. It is no way unplayable (from my experiance) and I consitanly got 60 fps on Medium with a 1050ti. (The game does not look all that diffrent with the graphics settings.Yes I think this is a good game, but not a polished one."
,Not Recommended,645630,33867575,Posted: 28 July,all,ualla,"I'm pretty annoyed at this game. I'm okay with games being rough aroudn the edges, but some of the functionality in this game is just plain stupid. It autosaves without warning overwriting your manual save (there's no option to have various saves).I've reached a point where I need to change a front suspension and I can't do that as it won't separate the spring from the shock absorber.I would defintiely wait until this game has been patched up. Until then, I have no way to progress. Great."
76561198033494963,Recommended,645630,34157070,Posted: 10 August,all,Lord Hadvaria,"Despite the inital bugs and hiccups, I would still reccomend this game. The developers have made an official appology as well as now working hard to get these bugs fixed. The game itself is exactly what I liked about the las one. Maybe more buggy but the charm is still there. As far as fixing these ive seem almost daily updates sometimes twice in one day. So with that I wouuld reccomend this game."
76561198226752044,Not Recommended,645630,34164782,Posted: 11 August,all,HoneyBadger89,"would leave a review but get to meny people criticize you and think u stupid or something .the game need alot of work no it but will take alot of time ,not criticizing them i think they should work on it more and not release to soon"
76561198097033055,Not Recommended,645630,33888858,Posted: 29 July,all,chelletx83,complete garbage too many bugs
76561198009658761,Recommended,645630,33916990,Posted: 30 July,all,wewraven86,ok so this is a update lots of bugs have been fixed game runs smooth they are still working on it if yo find a bug or parts that are not there. love this gameold >> yes there are small bug's in the game but what can you say for a platform with this much going on in it. has more cars bigger space to work and getout and move around in all and all really a good game if your new to this game just give them time they will fix the bugsAsus Sabertooth 990FXAMD3+ 8350 4.5 GhzG.SKILL Ares Series  DDR3 1866 16GBgalaxy geforce gtx 670 GC 2GB DDR5  256Bit
76561197972177761,Not Recommended,645630,33928815,Posted: 31 July,all,bryce,"Sorry... Tried umpteen times to raise the car on the lift. Sometimes the lift starts to work, puts the legs under the car and raises the car off the ground about a foot... you can't raise it any further because pressing the button lowers the car again... so I can't actually do anything with this game at present.With the car just off the ground, you can't remove wheels or do anything... and that's when the lift works. 99% of the time you click and hold the mouse button and nothing happens? I mean WTF?A car mechanic game where you can't get under the car? genius.Wondering how I can get a refund for this pile of rubbish."
,Recommended,645630,34023824,Posted: 4 August,all,Davolution,"To give some feedbacks with all the other reviews; as of today, there was 10 patches (current version 1.1.0)  since lauch day (7 days ago) and after a 4 hours play, I havn't encounter a single bug.None, that would make me restart, reload or stop me from playing.So I guess that the devs deserves some congrats on the recents bug fixes and continue the good work.As for the game, I enjoyed the new tools, this add more variety of the tasks to perform.Also, I like that we can either do more side jobs or going right to the story one mission, and absolutely love the new skills progression... seem less grindy than the 2015 version.Overall, I didn't see the ""huge"" graphic improvements; I have been playing both 2015 and 2018 in ultra, and I might be missing somthing as the graphics are absolutly mervelous.I recommand to anybody who loved their previous installement."
76561197988445578,Not Recommended,645630,34189279,Posted: 12 August,all,Jimmi,"I was a big fan of car mechanic 2015.....so this edition got me very excited. I then purchased the game and man was i dissapointed. I spent of half an hour trying to complete the tutorial with absolutley no help or guidence and got no where. The button seems wrong, the config is weird and not relatable. I mean, seriously, did the developers even try and play this game before releasing????One of the worst games....DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!........I am hoping to get my money back ."
76561198001066755,Not Recommended,645630,33899473,Posted: 30 July,all,[BWC] Mischief,"I've struggled with how I'd review this game if a friend asked me about it since release, and I realized tonight what the answer is.Unfortunately I wouldn't recommend this game in it's current form.There are some great new things that you can read about in other reviews in their ""Pros"" section, but here's the problem. This game is an ""alpha"" at best right now.  Missing parts graphics, cars that break the game, marketed functions that don't work or exist, yada yada yada.  None of which would surprise you if this were an alpha or even a beta, but this is a retail release.  Even then, fine -- so maybe devs have to submit a version and theirs wasn't quite ready ...... so you'd release a day-one patch, right?Instead, what we've seen is super responsive devs doing 3 patches in 48 hours to appease the fans.  Which is great, and hopefully by the time someone reads this ALL the bugs will be fixed. But the fact remains that if the devs had to scramble to patch this many holes AS A RESULT OF COMPLAINTS, that kind of implies that either they didn't know the bugs existed, which means they basically didn't play the thing at all, or they knew this was nowhere's NEAR ready for release.  Like not even close close.I mean what was the plan here ... just be quiet and hope nobody noticed the game was riddled with bugs? Someone had to know, right?  We're supposed to love the developers because whatever reasons blah blah blah but either they knew this was chock-full of insects or they didn't and both of those options suck for the person who paid, excited to play their game.(That'd be me in this case)And who the ♥♥♥♥ QA'ed this game if the devs thought it was good to go?  Talk about humanity jumping the shark if someone actually is paid for that job at Red Dot.  Mother of God.As it stands at the time I write this review, three patches in, the game is STILL buggy as hell.  Normally when I play games and read that in a review, hell, EXPECT it lately, I don't even hit the bugs.  But I'm running into stuff left and right in this one.Look I want this to be a great product -- I have over 100 hours into 2015.  But sadly it's just not, and regardless of how hard the devs worked/work and whatever else we've read on the forums, a review is about a product. And I'm sorry but until the bugs are all patched this one is just not worth the time or your money."
,Recommended,645630,33916935,Posted: 30 July,all,Niall,"Whats with all the bad reviews? Yes, it is buggy and yes, it has it's issues. But the game is so much better than it's 2015 brother. It improves on so much and makes it much more of a sim experience. Definitely buy if you are a sim fan who loves cars!"
76561198073332535,Recommended,645630,34024265,Posted: 4 August,all,fulo77,"Lots of people are complaining about optimalisation issues, so maybe it would be better to wait for a stable game. I have to admit, that I am not facing any problems at the moment, the game runs pretty smooth on ultra details and without any troubles/bugs. I hope devs will satisfy all of their customers, because this game has a great potential and I love it from very beginning."
76561198367091578,Not Recommended,645630,34054419,Posted: 6 August,all,montanawolf11.cj6,"i spent 4 hours waiting for this bohemoth of a game to download, and once it finally did it crashed on the loading screen 3 times in a row. thats as far as ive made it. what the heck guys? i loved 2015 and thats why i got this, but where has the quality gone?"
76561198007020521,Not Recommended,645630,33876899,Posted: 29 July,all,Steviefaux,"BE WARNED - Does not come with the tuning shop as advertised in the video. This is possibly going to be a paid for DLC later according to Playway. They are still advertising the Salon and Tuning in their description on the shop page.Check back when it's fixed. Currently it's OK but way to buggy.Bugs include:Going to the barn, buying a car and sending it back to the garage and collecting all the junk that's there but not paying for it. Or just collecting the junk if you don't have enough for the car. Then press ESC and choose ""back to garage"" you'll get sent back to the garage with all the junk for free. If you bought a car you'll get the car and your money back. Sometimes you'll also come back with duplicate junk or car.The barn inventory says GUI_Inv Installing front springs can sometimes bug out and they appear blank Text for a job being squashed in the window so you can't read it.The notepad for parts is poorly implemented (was supposed to create a shopping list which was a good idea but it's useless to use) right now it also has a bug where on choose ""remove item from list"" it removes every item from the list.Getting randomly stuck on the Path Test track and then not being able to leave. So you have to crash out of the game and lose your progress if you haven't saved."
76561197970844047,Not Recommended,645630,33941505,Posted: 31 July,all,Chucky,"This is nothing more than a console port, PC was a complete afterthought. The controls are terrible. The game lags frequently. The circular menu is absolutely terrible and is made for consoles, I have a mouse and keyboard there is no reason I cannot use it like in CMS 2015. There is no way to change any controls or even view the controls, barely any settings at all that you can change. The controls worked fantastic in CMS 2015, there was no reason to change them. The speeds are in KPH with no way to switch to MPH, I live in the USA and we do not use that system of measurement.They added more features to the game but took other features away. There was a hardcore or experienced mode in 2015, where it wouldn't highlight bolts and gave you more exp, that doesn't exist in this game. The bolts are beyond stupidly easy to get out and install, the mouse locks to the bolts when clicked which is terrible. There is no running in the game anymore, you have to level up and use those points to upgrade your walking speed.Developer claims 30 months in development but it was designed for consoles, not us. They saw money by releasing a hack to PC's and it is terrible and I am glad Steam offers refunds. I was so looking forward to this game, but it is a letdown. I'm sure you could spend hours and hours in the game playing, and to some it may be worth it, I don't see it worth the money. If they gave us the controls and options we had years ago, it would totally be worth it."
76561198056621834,Recommended,645630,33970726,Posted: 2 August,all,Skrotiz,"Ok, first off all it has quite a lot of bugs on release and first week.For an early access it would have been alright but a ""finished"" game is far away.Anyway.The game is awesome, great fun and nice features.Can recommend but maybe wait some weeks if you dont cope with bugs.I love it!"
76561198255940121,Not Recommended,645630,33972865,Posted: 2 August,all,Smilyface,"I am really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. I payed a littlebit more than 24$ for this game. And everytime i try to start it, the only thing i get is a stupid black screen."
76561198015501785,Recommended,645630,33973393,Posted: 2 August,all,[901.] DarkVepar,I haven't played it for long but for now thumbs up!!If you have build an good PC no problems..It runs smoothly for me:D
,Not Recommended,645630,34029979,Posted: 4 August,all,basebilljr,can not even make it past the tutorial without game crashing and im running it on an i7 with 1080 GPU its a shame i was really looking forward to this game but now im just looking forward to getting my money back
76561198047866376,Recommended,645630,34038810,Posted: 5 August,all,briman44,"Been with this game sinse 1.0.6 and I have to say this game has come so far so fast. It's everything it clames and more. I'm having no problems.Windows 102 ea Amd r9 390x in crossfireCPU AMD 959034"" 21 x 9 HD monitorAll good"
76561198402516155,Not Recommended,645630,34059354,Posted: 6 August,all,HeyLittleSparta,"Don't buy this game until the developers fix it. There are multiple game-breaking bugs that I encountered within the first 15-20 minutes. I had to restart my game twice and exit to the menu 3 times. There are also a vast number of annoying bugs, such as bolts misaligned and not going into the hole but into the part, bolts turning to the right when removing them on the left side of the car and left when placing them (happens in CMS 2015 also,) and so many more I don't feel like writing a short story about it. The UI is the worst I've seen in any game, and the performance of the game is HORRIBLE. I have a GTX 745, Intel Core-I5 6400, and 16GB of ram. I know my computer isn't amazing, but I was lucky if I got 30 fps on low settings in 1280x720p. Most games can run 720p at at least 50 fps on medium to high settings. I don't even want to know what will happen to my frame-rate if I expanded my garage. Until the dev's fix this game and the UI, they're not getting my money again. Thankfully Steam has a pretty fair refund policy, that I unfortunutely have to use. They've made some decent games in the past, but this game ruined my view on them."
76561198411183590,Not Recommended,645630,34094711,Posted: 7 August,all,taylor.berberich,"I do not know why it keeps saying I have hours of ""playtime"" when I haven't even been able to play the game it just crashes and doesn't launch so if I can't get the issue fixed or get a full refund because of this crap I am gonna be really mad."
76561198116815207,Recommended,645630,33904666,Posted: 30 July,all,Shadydave,BRAAAAAAAPPP SUUUUDDDDD and V8´s
76561198006503088,Recommended,645630,33892919,Posted: 29 July,all,Ezkayl,"To all the people whinging that their 980 blahblahblah ain't running the game right go sit on a biggie cus i'm using a 760 and have no problems outside what i would expect with older hardware but i'm at 50fps pretty consistently when all you with 980s are complaining about sub 30 fps, maybe time to clean and optimize your computer buys instead of blaming it on the game.All this said yes the game WAS broken as hell at launch and is still suffering some bugs but as a WoW player i'm used to content launches making things unplayable so as long as i see active work being done to fix issues i'm certainly not down voting this game it is great IMHO and will get better as the remaining issues get fixed."
76561198051872963,Recommended,645630,33999999,Posted: 3 August,all,Sweet,"So I'll try this with reviewing a game, and I chose this game for my first serious review.The game has flaws, it really do, some gamebraking bugs, things that doesn't work, broken missions, random freezing etc, but the devs are working overtime trying to fix all the problems with the game, and alot has been fixed since I first started playingPros:- Addicting gameplay- Quite easy to understand (Even I understand what to do and I know nothing about cars)- Graphics arent too bad imo- You can buy, restore and then sell cars (Fun to have a side project other than all the customers)- Devs that so far actually cares about the game and is trying to fix it- No preassure (You can take your time looking for faulty parts, buy new parts, repair etc)- Good varity of jobs, all from easy oil change to quite the resotration of cars- Quite smooth gameplay, no rush- etcCons:- Lots of bugs as of now- Could be optimized better, even with my computer it runs bad on higher settings- Achivements currently not working- Some game mechanics not working as intended- Parts for some cars missing- Some of the cars are a bit bugged- Parts in inventory sometimes disapearing only to come back later (can lead to you not knowing if you need it for a job or not, confusion and sruff etc)- No real autosave feature (that I know of) so unless you save often or travel somewhere, you may be in for a suprise if you happen to come across one of the infamous gamebreakers (Most are patched, but still some lurking in the dark corners, just waiting to **** you up)There are more but you get it, the game is still being worked onSo, in the end I would still recommend it IF you are okii with early acess/in the work kind of games, the game is still playable for the most of it and very enjoyable.So if you want it, go ahead, buy it, or follow it's work and fetch it when it's mostly done"
76561198211108508,Recommended,645630,33891341,Posted: 29 July,all,jespersj,For me there is a problem whit the wheels. I go in to part mount mode and hold but nothing happens. Is it a bug or am i doing something wrong? But it´s a very fun game!
76561198043471435,Not Recommended,645630,35073900,Posted: 19 September,all,ZyZla_LT,At the moment this game doesn`t deliver and gets very repetetive very fast... I don`t want to go into details as they made quite few promises without any timeframe for delivery... It may get better in a future...
,Not Recommended,645630,34218932,Posted: 13 August,all,Latvian,I dont care how Mazda engine sounds (some might do) BUT....realistic American V8 engine sound is a must... or the muscle car added value to game is close to 0%. Subjectively.
,Recommended,645630,33861770,Posted: 28 July,all,Make America Great Again,great game deffinitly worth $20
76561198130804250,Not Recommended,645630,33865361,Posted: 28 July,all,stefanvanwezel,"I spent hours on CMS 2015. Really great! And I was so happy when I saw that cms 2018 was coming! So the disappointment is extra big when you notice that cms 2018 has so many major bugs that it's really unplayable. It is clearly visible that cms 2018 can be really fun. But until a proper patch is released it is worthless and unplayable. And it's outrageous that the developers have released the game with so many flaws in it. It's like the game has not even been tested. It runs slowly. There are no sounds. Parts disappear from your inventory, or can not be deleted. It freezes. There are no jobs available etc etc. After 2 hours of play, I could create a whole list of bugs. But I'm not paid as a beta tester. I hope the developers quickly take their accountability and restore all bugs so cms 2018 becomes the game we've been waiting for."
76561198383577565,Not Recommended,645630,33868550,Posted: 28 July,all,SlamminGrannies,"I have no idea who thought this was a good point to release the game...Its pretty awfulMaybe in a few months after some updates, but this is bad."
76561198019467453,Not Recommended,645630,33866508,Posted: 28 July,all,rickdabber,"Oh my god,this is an unfinished mess do not buy."
76561198115427269,Not Recommended,645630,33867501,Posted: 28 July,all,eSports Sherm <Hyper X>,Absolutely horribleAlot of bugstoo much lagg where it shouldn't beIt's a big pass for me!Dont buy!
76561198354747314,Not Recommended,645630,33873315,Posted: 28 July,all,jbwest22,It sucks. Don't buy it
,Not Recommended,645630,33873676,Posted: 28 July,all,Okys,"I was waiting for this game for so long and now when it's finally available, I am slightly dissapointed. There are no options to configure video, audio and game settings, no key binding possible. This game was developed for consoles first (which is sad).New UI is even worse, also with consoles on first priority. On CMS 15 you were able to switch modes (mount/dismount/examine) using keyboard keys (1,2,3). Much more easier to switch between them. While on the ""Mount part"" mode, you are unable to open tablet to buy new parts, which is extremely annoying. You have to leave the mode first, automatically loosing focuss on the part, then open tablet, buy the new part, and then find the place again you were previously working on.Also, tutorial feels kinda unfinished.--------Be aware, that many of the advertised (promised) stuff is missing from the game.This includes:Performance parts on shop (missing completely)Dyno/ECU tuning (missing completely)More liquids (antifreeze, brake fluid, etc.) (missing completely, there's oil only)Some parts you need to finish jobs (missing from shop)Mazda/Dodge DLC's (missing parts from shop)Hand tools (like OBD Scanner, half broken, Fuel Pressure test - doesn't test anything)Unable to test steering rack and some parts.And all the bugs and crashes....-----Once developers manage to fix this, I will change my review, because i have some faith in them!"
,Recommended,645630,33920668,Posted: 30 July,all,stud915,Good game right now but has potential to be a Great game. A bit buggy right now on release  but they are working on it. More Parts and detail than the last car mech sim. One thing i found that is very irritating is if you are like me and pull off all the parts that need fixed if the job requires 100% on the parts quality if you install on the wrong side it will not count. very time consuming if they added on the repairs what side it is on or count it as repair as long as you got the defective part removed. The game needs a little optimization but i fixed this by turning my graphics down a notch and turning off vsync. A few random crashes. I understand its a small team so ill be eagerly waiting upon this gem in the ruff to get patched.
,Recommended,645630,33983704,Posted: 2 August,all,Hyena,"By far and away my favorite time waster.Crazy simple, easy to navigate (people who review having issues just need to stop for literally .005 of a second to be able to read and understand what's what, I skipped the toutorial and was still able to navigate 100% fine)It's easy to get sucked into it, after a few brake jobs it become addicting, and working on the story cars (the ones that dont spesifically tell you what to fix, and let you explore and find the problems) is pretty damn rewarding.It's absolutely worth the $20 if all you want is a relaxing game to help you skate through a few hours, or take your mind off things.There are issues of course;  Missing assets, odd sounds, tires going on backwards, the shop computer is laggy and causes crashing / freezing, the radio doesnt work, etc.As far as people saying black screens don't allow them to save, or have issues with glitchy menus or screens, i have the solution for you;  press escape, slowly pull your mouse down until you hear a click sound, click the mouse, problem solved!  you just saved your progress and returned to the main menu!  click continue and guess what?  no lost time!  Don't give a negative review because you can't help yourself.  Yeah, it's an issue, but instead of saying ""I'm too dumb to figure it out, but i'm going to rag on you all day long even though I have exactly ZERO idea how hard it is to make a game""  try something like ""the black screens and lag need adressing and haults gameplay, unknowledgable users may loose time and effort""  get over yourself :)overall, it's a fantastic game worth $20 ~"
,Recommended,645630,33871741,Posted: 28 July,all,Ackwell,"Ok, I have played for 2 hours now and there seems to really be more of everything than in the last game. Have to still check out hte update that just came and see if the FPS improves but I get a decent 40 fps right now on high so there is no reason to bash it for bad optimisation even though it could be better. Knowing Red Dot it probably will (Been playing teh series from the start).More of the same than the earlier games with more of everything. I am now going to take a break until we get the hardcore mode... *wink* *wink*, Red Dot ;)"
76561198163546026,Recommended,645630,33881013,Posted: 29 July,all,TURBO,Played for 2.5 hours. Its been alot of black screens.The game has potensial but need to be fixed first :)
76561198060388175,Not Recommended,645630,33882308,Posted: 29 July,all,tyler_wsmith7,They need to make the controls the same as CMS 2015!!! Why can I not change my mouse setting?? Bring back the tablet to order parts! But the game does look since but that's about it!
,Recommended,645630,33875963,Posted: 29 July,all,送禮勤,"every time i successfully bid a car i get a black screen , would u like to fix cuz i want those car so much and i dont want to give bad review"
76561197978491406,Not Recommended,645630,33876210,Posted: 29 July,all,Nathan,As many others have said terrible optimization. Played for a half hour and stopped because this game runs like crap. Had a few crashes here and there mainly when loading. guess ill come back in a few months and maybe they will fix it up so it doesn't feel so sluggish.
,Not Recommended,645630,33889891,Posted: 29 July,all,ItsComicKid,Alot is broken in this version i had sevreal crashes i was very hope full this game wold be fun but after 2+ hours of trying too restore the starting car it crached with no auto save and i lost basicly the whole restoration prossess and the game navagation and controlls are very clunky and un intuitive i cant see myself playing more of this game in its curent state
,Recommended,645630,33921431,Posted: 30 July,all,™ ★M1n3r★™ openskins.com,"This game is different, but similar to previous CMS games. It adds a new interface, free game aspects that were DLC's in the other CMS game. It also adds new gameplay features such as a junkyard, parking garage, and auctions. It also ads an upgrading feature to your garage.I just ask of two things... one, fix the lighting glitches where it will show different colors and broken shadows. Two, in addition to the new garage upgrading system, can you make a way to cusomize you garage like CMS15?"
76561198075558537,Recommended,645630,33926675,Posted: 31 July,all,Piotr Koskova,"Good game with many features and serves as a good game that you can play on a rainy sunday. As with all games when they first get released, people find bugs. A lot of bugs. The developers are working hard to fix them as soon as they can, and they talk with their fans to improve their games. My only complaint except bugs is that I haven't recieved any achievments, which is weird considering I've done a lot of those. Oh well. If you like to work on cars, generally just like cars or would like to know more about how they work, this is the game for you!I'll give it a 8/10 as it is right now with bugs."
,Not Recommended,645630,33984644,Posted: 2 August,all,Gupta Gandhi Patel,"I wish I could give a full review, but considering the fact that the mandatory tutorial broke, saying that my car had ""no oil in the engine"". Due to this, I couldn't even start to progress in the game at all. This sucked, as I saw YouTube videos that made the game look really fun. Hopefully this is fixed and I can come back to the game later, but I'll take my refund for now."
76561198088043771,Recommended,645630,34073677,Posted: 6 August,all,RX_Goblin,"I really enjoy this game. I have 2015 and 2014 as well. Was it buggy at launch, heck yeah, but the devs are doing a good job at addressing the issues, and i look forward to playing this game for many years to come."
76561198005449730,Not Recommended,645630,33876584,Posted: 29 July,all,premedicated,should never been released this game is pathetic in its current state almost completely unplayable the idea is fantastic but constant black screens and horrible optimization makes it so poor wait for sale or atleast a few updates atm so broken its not funny and ive persited over 2 hours with it and i have both previos games
76561198170224430,Recommended,645630,33880852,Posted: 29 July,all,b.martland,"People writing the reviews, play it more and do the tutorial and it goes to the proper speed. Very fun gamr"
76561198256429568,Recommended,645630,33882227,Posted: 29 July,all,bingram56,"An honest review from a long time player of CMS15 (I have logged over 200 hrs in CMS15).I purchased Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 and both DLC seperately instead of in the pack in hopes that the devs will actually see a few extra dollars for the continued development of this title. So when I downloaded the initial build I was expecting a lot of bugs and glitches with many minutes waiting on loading screens and restarting the game. Imagine my surprise when the game loaded my first profile and played the tutorial without issue! Good start!Did I have to lower the resolution? Yes.Did I also have to lower the graphic setting? Yes.Did that fix the stutter and draw delays? Yes.Does the game look gorgeous even with these settings lowered? YES!!I am pleased with the direction this title has taken with CMS18. The updated UI is more intuitive and most impotantly, the workflow in game is much better. I don't want to give anything away so I won't go into detail here, but this game is definately on a next level from it's predecessor. I played about 2 hours and experienced 2 small glitches that were both remedied by a game restart. But with the loading of the game being so much faster, I didn't mind the restarts and it did not discourage my gameplay. I have played another 5 hours without any issues whatsoever. Maybe I am being too mature and understanding, but in my opinion, this is a good sign. The developers for CMS15 continued to develop and optomize that game even up to the launch of this one. There is no reason they will not continue that kind of support for CMS18 as well. This is a good game, with a good start and the potential to be so much more! Please buy this game and support the development as much as possible. They have given us so much more content and many more options for the games future!*EDIT* Oh, I forgot to mention, they added partial gamepad support. This feature alone makes it worth buying!"
,Not Recommended,645630,33883728,Posted: 29 July,all,K. Green |1L-42,"I bought this game as soon as it came out because the last one was so good and this was supposed to be an improvment, but I would not recomend this game yet!. It needs some work. Everytime I try to take an engine apart to rebuild it it gets stuck. I get to one point it wants me to remove something but it wont tell me what. My only guess could be that it wants me to remove the oil cap, but if I do that the game gets completely stuck. Maybe if they had spent more time and money devopling the game instead of advertising and not paying people to play assetto corsa for their ad's this game could have been as good as the last one. If your looking to buy this game near 7/29/17 don't. Buy the 2014 one. Wait for the team to fix the damn game."
76561198135856179,Recommended,645630,33888585,Posted: 29 July,all,Jösgall,"Good game compared to the 2015 version.It lacks a better optimization of the game, the graphics could be a little better (but they are not bad at all). Some things that could be put in a next update would be a Portuguese translation.I will give my positive opinion about the game and I know that with the next updates will further improve. As I read in an analysis already made of someone who spoke with PlayWay, I think it completely wrong not to make a translation into Portuguese just because it represents 1% of the sales market. I hope PlayWay will reconsider this situation and actually translate it into Portuguese.Rating: 7.5 / 10"
76561197997333719,Recommended,645630,33920038,Posted: 30 July,all,andyfaille,"When I first downloaded and installed the game, I noticed major issues and bugs with the gameplay.  I was immediately frustrated because of what I read in other reviews prior to buying it.  But today I received an update patch, and this has really fixed most of the issues I had previously.  The gameplay is pretty smooth now, and I definitely recommend giving it a try.  I have been enjoying the game ever since the latest update was downloaded.Edited: The new patches are wonderful, and even more issues have been fixed.  I played for hours yesterday, and I didn't run into once issue PERIOD. A huge thank you to the development team for the many patches already released!"
76561198269542358,Recommended,645630,33920258,Posted: 30 July,all,sink,"Just so you can see this, game devs, I found a bug with draining oil from cars, if you take the oil plug out. nothing happens and when I take off the oil pan, it still registers the car as it has a full pan of oil and I can't move on in the game until you put out a new update.Other than that, this game runs pretty good, I recommend it to anyone who likes learning on cars, or just likes to work on them in general.They could have used a little more time to just work out the bugs, but we will get there eventually."
76561198127285444,Recommended,645630,33874870,Posted: 29 July,all,Dazz,"Dont let the bad reviews stop you from buying this game, they are all negative because it doesnt run well which is only temporary, Yes it doesnt run very well and Yes they will fix that soon. Its like CMS 2015 but with about 10 times as much parts and things you can do from taking sturts apart, changing tyres yourself, interior things, welding, so much more customising and thats only the beginning, the graphics are REALLY nice and the loading times are so much shorter than CMS 2015, the track is mint, looks proper and the driving is easer too. I have not been able to test auctions or junkyard yet but I have seen images of both of those and they appear to be impressive too. This game is a MUST buy if you likes CMS 2015 even if you wait untill for a few patches and updates, A properly mint game. 19/10"
76561198077347082,Recommended,645630,33875989,Posted: 29 July,all,spitfire1130,Good game with minimal issues considering its only been out a fue hours
,Recommended,645630,33876009,Posted: 29 July,all,McDaddy,"Im very excited to delve in to this game further. A fair few issues on start up, but thats to be expected. The small developer team are working 16 hour days to fix issues. What more can we ask?Still not as disappointing as Mass Effect Andromeda"
76561198067603093,Not Recommended,645630,33876217,Posted: 29 July,all,thecodiedj,Honestly alittle disappointedI had amazing hype for this game and was very keen for it to come out... Iv now played 2 hours of it offlineA lot of crashesA lot of black screensAt one point I had 3 cars spawned inside of each otherIt needs a lot of work it's like it was very rushed...And no hot keys for being able to go from putting parts on and taking parts off? Really damn annoying that really needs to be fixedHonestly I don't know where I stand I love the other games but this is nothing like them... it's yeah... kinda horrible at this point...I'm not going to recommend but I will come back and change it when it gets fixed... becos there is a lot of bugs and it seams very unfinished and feels like it's been very short cutted when it comes to the in game menusPlease fix these guys...Ps: love the rotas in it
76561198038606084,Recommended,645630,33879342,Posted: 29 July,all,buly83pl,"Many thanks for hard work for Red Dot Games at the beginning. The game has a huge potential for sure. Unfortunately, it has many bugs which weren't discovered before release. I'm sure the team of RDG will fix all of them and users will spend many hours with their product. Keep doing RDG your fantastic job and don't worry about hate - always will be someone which isn't satisfied."
,Recommended,645630,33879772,Posted: 29 July,all,CoroTrain CHOO CHOO,"Alright, first off: If you read negative reviews about the game being delayed... just ignore them. They have nothing to do with the gameplay, the features, DLC content or whatever. They're just about some salty people who couldn't wait for a few more days, even though the communication wasn't the very best (that is indeed true).The release was a bit of a disaster. Huge performance problems, paired with translation issues and game breaking bugs. They already patched a lot of things so, at least on my end, most of it is gone. Lets face the sad truth about games nowadays: Most of the time, they get released as complete failures.No matter if it's AAA, Indie or a Steam Greenlight game that isn't even close to one of those categories. That's of course not an excuse, but they're trying really hard to make up their mistakes. If you're still unsure, just wait a few more days.Here's a list, because lists are cool. Everybody loves lists.- Yeah, we do (that one guy)- Hell yeah, lists! (the other guy)- Clean your room, fegget (my mum)Pros:- Runs smooth and looks good on Ultra settings (on my end)- Enough variety in cars- Cars look very detailed- The computer/tablet stores are well made compared to CMS15- New features like the stations for tires or springs give the game more depth and work great- The tires itself also gained more depth by not only giving you different types, but also more variants of those in terms of width, size and so on- Barn Finds are a thing now and are a pretty cool idea imho- Workshop support for your own carsNeutral:- There is a somewhat story?- The new leveling system is strange. You have to actually choose between serveral things which I personally find kinda uncool. I either can (un)screw faster or I get a diagnostic tool.- DLC's (this topic is up to you) will mostly focus on brand cars which is a good thing for me. Those license deals probably cost a good amount of money, so if you want it, pay for it. Can't blame developer on this one.- Multiplayer support is planned for the future, so I can't put that anywhere yet. Just a heads up for you.No-No's:- The new radial menu just doesn't feel right. The way it worked in CMS15 (with simple hotkeys) was way better and much more intuitive.- Speaking about intuitive, most things aren't really self-explanatory. Man, I searched like a hour to find out where my car was after putting it on the testing track and finishing it. Suddenly it's in this new room behind the red doors instead of just in the garage where you'd think it would be. I didn't even know this room existed.- That being said, new players who never played this game before, could be a bit overwhelmed.- Why is draining oil an automated thing now? That is indeed a step back.- The mouse movement feels disgusting. Just simple raw input would help a lot, but it always feels like it's lagging behind.- The settings menu is not detailed at all. On graphics, you just select a preset and thats it. Audio levels aren't even changing until you restart the game. Rebinding keys isn't a thing either (but should be coming soon).- Still some bugs with freezing UIs, black screens and so onThere are probably a few more things on every categorie that I've just forgotten. I try to edit it if something on the No-No's gets fixed. I overall like the game and don't regret buying it. It may not have the work flow of CMS15, but if the developers keep working on it, we can get there I think. They seem to be very passionate about their game, even though they made mistakes."
76561198078940351,Recommended,645630,33879924,Posted: 29 July,all,hampecarbon,some parts are missing that you cant buy them i have fond a air filter to the dodge charger are missing but adder then that the game is good i dont like the controls to mutch
76561198068482580,Recommended,645630,33922919,Posted: 31 July,all,fsaed,One of the best games
,Recommended,645630,34154586,Posted: 10 August,all,POON APE,"Not the best launch - second only to Diablo 3. Oh well the devs MUST have learnt a lesson from the spanking on Steam reviews.......But its time we all moved on. The game is great. So many more features from CM15.If you dont know anything about cars this game is still a great buy. Before playing these games I knew cars ran on petrol and went 'vroommm'...Now I know what a turbo is, where oil drains, what a fuel injector looks like, and where a crankshaft is!!!! I went a split build and became a lvl 10 mechanic/sorcerer.Bug and customisation aside - the real negative for me is that its much slower than CM15. There is a right click menu that I do not enjoy. Sometimes the game makes me feel seasick (maybe thats just the FoV).If you want a good SIM then may I suggest this game to you. The last CM game was heavily supported and regularly updated. I see no reason that will change."
76561198020870921,Recommended,645630,33873251,Posted: 28 July,all,davidsavell,When does it come out for Ps4 and where do I download it at ?
,Recommended,645630,34127452,Posted: 9 August,all,novakowskijoseph,"Its good...has alot of flaws, like long black screen when booting up the game, achievments are no unlockable, and the games runs quite porrly...when cms 2105 runs fine for me...please fix game. also it crashed for me."
,Not Recommended,645630,34139422,Posted: 9 August,all,Gettin' Crunk,"I have about 4 hours on this game at the time of review. I just decided that the base game was boring and i went striaght to using the cheat where you can have a ton of money and all of the unlocks. I took apart an Atlanta all the way and bought all new parts just so i could experience what rebuilding in this game is like. I tried to drive it but the sterring wheel disappeared and I could only see it in the assemble mode, but I couldn't disassemble it. The car was cool though so i was fine with it. I started on a junkyard car i bought and when i got to the end, I started on the engine, put it on the rack, and then i couldnt turn or leave the rack. I had to quit the game and all my progress was gone. I fell to my floor as the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ music from the radio played from my headset. Now I have to restart it all, and my night is gone."
76561198007266163,Not Recommended,645630,34176263,Posted: 11 August,all,matthew,I really like this game a lot. BUT when you spend hours repairing some customers vehicle and the vehicle wont pass because of one little DISCOVERED part (rubber bushing) something is wrong! If the part is discovered already then why not let us see the bad part so that we can complete the job??? HELP fix this! i'm not playing anymore till this is fixed. its a mojor downer!Matt M
76561198059920688,Recommended,645630,33871690,Posted: 28 July,all,Sanenomore,"So the game has some bugs, but they are already patching day one. I got to a game breaking bug in a story mission that forced me to stop. I went to the bathroom and came back to see my game updating. I then reloaded my save and tried to finish the mission... bang.. bug fixed.Give them a few days to work things out... I mean it's a $20 game not a triple A $65 dollar release. I've been enjoying my time with it. If you liked '15 then this one is a must."
76561198159298958,Recommended,645630,33871850,Posted: 28 July,all,BigShadow,This game is incredibleAbsolutley amazingLot more work to complete tasks more parts needing pre assemblyso more realisticand I have no issues playing at allIs a big learning curve from 2015  but thats part of the challenge of the game  it has to be different to have valueGreat Work Red dot .   any minor issue can always be fixed and they appear to have been already
,Recommended,645630,33874369,Posted: 28 July,all,Pvt. Pyle,"There are some bugs but those can be worked out, for the first day this game has massive potential"
76561198008018479,Recommended,645630,33883675,Posted: 29 July,all,mike4314,"I see there are a lot of people reporting bugs, I was a big fan of 15. I bought the game and having no problems with grpahics or crashes. The only bug I have have come across so far is changing the oil in a car and it not saying I did. Other than that they have included a lot more from Car Mechanic 15, you have to do more with tires, suspension, and body work. No more just buying and putting it on straight away, you have to balance the tires or put the parts together. Anyways the developers are actively participating in the discussions fixing issues. I highly recommend the game if you liked 15."
76561198107395441,Recommended,645630,33884494,Posted: 29 July,all,.SQUIRTLE,"Was going to give it a negative review, But once you finish the tutorial, its flawless on ultra.... For some reason the tutorial is not optimized!! Love it now though! Great new features, added parts to parts. So just take a car out for a test drive in the tutorial and finish it, so you can start playing the game that you paid for!"
76561198079438819,Recommended,645630,33908045,Posted: 30 July,all,Ethan Bradberry,"A much improved version of the 2015 game. Multiple new features and increased depth in repairing, auctioneering and car verieity deserve a recommendation.In the two days since the game's release there has already been 4 patches to address the some of the launch issues. I don't have any performance problems running."
,Recommended,645630,33918305,Posted: 30 July,all,mrdanlb,"As of this review, the game is at Version 1.0.4, so keep that in mind. Will try to update this review as things progress....EDIT: Updated additions added below. Scroll to the bottom to see them....Ok, with that out of the way, the game is currently in a ""bitter-sweet"" state.What I mean is that a good portion of the issues of the game have been worked out, but some still do remain. Lets break it down a bit...Pros:There are a TON of parts/cars in the game.You can purchase/obtain cars from not only auction, but also from the ""barn find"" feature and from the junk yard.The current price of just under $25 USD for the game and both DLC's are not bad at all.The devs/publishers are really giving it all to bring things together and listening to people on the forums.Modding support.Possible multiplayer support in the future.Nice visuals (assuming youre pc specs are close to, or over the recommended requirements).Cons:Bugs, a few of them. Some can force you to force-quit the game and might end up loosing some work.Due to the patch releases/bug fixes, you might have to start completely over depending on the fixes.The recommended system requirements should be more like the minimum requirements for satisfactory gameplay.Lack of config optons (only has bare basic settings options)If I were to try to give it a fair raiting, it would be around the 7.5/10 mark. At the end of the day, the game is still rather fun to play, the devs are active on the forums to help with fixing issues, and modding support. Even if you only get a few hours of enjoyment out of until all the issues are fixed, I feel that is worth the price....I mean, come on, $25 for a few hours of enjoyment is hard to come by these days.UPDATED INFO SECTION:As of patch 1.1.9 ALOT of the bugs/issues have been resolved by now. Granted, there are still some minor bugs/issues to resolve, but they are very minor issues and can easily be worked around. So far nothing game breaking (as of yet) that I have come across. To be clear/honest, there is still a bit of a debate as to what should/supposed to be included in the base game, in particular performance parts/tuning, but as far as I am concerned those could, and probably should, be a DLC along with the additional car packs. Features that have been fixed/added since last review were the car salon (purchase new cars) and the race track. My overall score of the game I think I will bump upto around a 7.8/10. Why such a small bump? Well, the game is very fun, but there are still some minor bugs to work out, but I still highly recommend this title if you enjoy these types of sims."
,Recommended,645630,33936491,Posted: 31 July,all,SIMPLYBEAST1231,"Great i honestly dont understand the bad reviews. Game is the same as CMS 2014 and CMS 2015 in my eyes but with a butt load of awesome additions beggining to become more realistic. I just hope that one day it will reach the ""My Summer Car"" level of realism under the hood."
,Not Recommended,645630,33954547,Posted: 1 August,all,Matrix30815,Can't even use the mouse on the main menu less in game. Will only recommand when devs come through on their promise. I have both 2014 and 2015 car mechanic simulator and have dozens of hours in 2015. Will update when devs keep promise until then wait to buy game. Would not recommend because of the Devs and Publisher bash the gaming community because of what is in store page and nothing in game just enough content to keep their paychecks going. They can't stand the truth. They are liers and cheaters and Steam doesn't care. They even let loose on the Workshop because so other people can add the content at the premise of launch and nothing yet.
,Recommended,645630,33956951,Posted: 1 August,all,MichaelC5000,"I see a lot of negative reviews, and I see no reason for them whatsoever. When I first got the game I read the reviews first (which weren't great) but thought I'd give it a try anyway, as i enjoyed the 2015 version. I'm glad i did, the tutorial suffered with low FPS first time I played it, but I read that if you just leave the tutorial by going to the test track, it will be fine in proper game mode, which it was.I have re-started since and the tutorial seems to work fine now. I haven't actually noticed any bugs at all myself, apart from the low FPS on the tutorial which now seems to be fixed. But either way I have logged onto this game every day since I bought it, and there is an update each time I start it, so the developers are obviosly working on the bugs, and this rate, I see it being fully functional (I seem to find it is already myself) in no time.It is a great game, very realistic, great graphics, and the junkyards, scrapyard and auctions make it even better. If you enjoyed any of the previous titles, or are just curious, personally I'd say GET IT!!!"
,Recommended,645630,34030082,Posted: 4 August,all,hello,i love the game but i have a problem were it does not load when i try to get into the game but the home menu works fine and i think they should add a workshop to download cars please add that and   fix the bug that i have
76561198047009700,Recommended,645630,34036496,Posted: 5 August,all,Wayne,i love this game i would recommend this game
76561198039840227,Recommended,645630,34061300,Posted: 6 August,all,Daerdor,"For quite a long time I've been looking for a game which captures the spirit of Street Rod 1 & 2 i.e. buying old cars, repairing and upgrading them and finally use them for races!CMS 2018 doesn't fill those shoes completely however it scratches my itch.I didn't buy the game on day 1 and checked several forum threads and YouTube vids related to bugs and other issues.The developer's commitment to fix those bugs and the fact that nearly daily a patch is delivered swayed me into buying it and I haven't regretted it!Yes the game has bugs, yes there are some advertised features which I'm still waiting for (dyno & performance parts) however I didn't encounter any game-breaking bug.It took me over 40 hrs to unlock the full garage which gives access to the painting and welding features. That's more than some AAA titles :)At times it feels a bit grindy, however the game proves to be quite addictive: you get the typical feeling of 'one more car' and thus keep playing.The barn finds/junkyard are a nice touch. You buy an old, damaged car, fully tear it apart, repair as much as possible, buy new pieces where needed, paint it etc and sell it for profit.The amount of detail in this game is amazing. I remember in Street Rod an engine block was just that, one block. In CMS 2018 you can completely dismantle it (pistons, piston rings, rod caps, crankshaft caps, rocker caps, rods, ..... you name it). It even led me to watch some vids to refresh my knowledge of how engines work :)The game also comes with a good variety of cars, engines etc.Due to the bugs, daily patches and unfinished content it feels more like an Early Access title however as indicated I'm enjoying it a lot. It's definitely a game I recommend, even in its current state, and when tuning/performance parts get added it will be close to that old Street Rod feeling :)"
76561198333361315,Recommended,645630,34109787,Posted: 8 August,all,ckill,I have gtx1080ti FTW3 edition and Dell sd2716 gsync monitor. I tried to give it a shot. But having low fps and input lag is inacceptable for me sorry.
,Recommended,645630,34110026,Posted: 8 August,all,¥☼Ł☼§₩ᴣᵷᵷ,"Pretty awesome game, i really like the 2015 version and this is a way better version just hope we can install performance parts soon because ive wasted alot of time gathering performance parts from barns and the junkyard and i cant even install them kinda sad but i hope we can do it soon i know it will happen sooner or later overall this game is pretty good i would recomend it to anyone who liked thier last game to get this one. only problem is it can get a little buggy rarely but it does happen but yea other than that its great keep it up devs i can see alot of potential on this game."
76561198047980905,Recommended,645630,34110797,Posted: 8 August,all,Grimisto,"I think CMS should be applauded for their honesty in the early,(well to be honest massively screwing up of a game)they deserve to be commended in admitting their faults as I have not seen any other game developer willing to do.I am not sure if anyone feels as though I do but for this reason I probably will always buy DLC's for this game and even perhaps more games from this company.How often do we see honesty in the gaming industry in fact other companies could learn from Red Dot,Play Game example."
76561198044644696,Recommended,645630,34114043,Posted: 8 August,all,TheSleeper,"dramatically improved since i bought it a few days ago, just very occasional inventory bug, but nothing game breaking, loading has sped up, no ctd or blackscreens like i got the first day or so now.  having fun with it now."
76561198257220718,Recommended,645630,34244318,Posted: 14 August,all,dodgeduster101,i cant get the game to load the screen pops up where u start new game then the little box yes or no to save over the loading bar pops up but thats it it dont do anything eles
76561198193039951,Recommended,645630,34260143,Posted: 15 August,all,leemanjdog,the game scren go's black after one day plaing
76561198321669244,Recommended,645630,34683142,Posted: 2 September,all,Gongas,"The best game to know your way around cars, recomended"
,Recommended,645630,33873786,Posted: 28 July,all,IHeartDirtBikes,"overall a good game but missing some parts. as i was rebuilding an engine from scratch and got to the valve cover, after putting it on i needed a oil fill plug but there isnt one in the store and i cant take one from another vehicle becuase my games freezes. please fix this."
76561198068402749,Recommended,645630,33874812,Posted: 29 July,all,Shinji,"So far not to bad for a game that was just released, I'm running this game off a GTX 275 with an I5-2400 and 12gb of 1666 DDR3 and i'm able to play on medium settings at 35 - 45 fps So i got no clue what these negitive reviews are talking about. But more about the game now. It's pretty fun so far and there are only very Minor issues I've found playing it that don't really bother me. The Junkyard and Auctions are really interesting also. I Would reccomend this game so far and it will only get better with upcoming patches, It's definitely worth a try if you're into cars and rebuilding them."
76561198339643071,Recommended,645630,33877727,Posted: 29 July,all,bushwanker,"yea, i know this game isnt the best right now, its just released. if u dont like it right now, waith a month and then the bugs wil be removed. dont hate cuz this game isnt fully finished at the release. there are sales right now, what ya waiting for: get that game ;-)edit: faultsradio is still not workingstory mission with olson grand club doesnt work : body parts missing ( there arnt any missing ffs)"
,Recommended,645630,33879120,Posted: 29 July,all,Hawk,"I'll be honest, the Launch was like taking a car down a road full of potholes but they fixed some of the issues that popped up already, people wanted the mouse cursor on the menu and added it pretty quick, Overall it is actually a decent game Red dot knows what they are doing and I feel it was worth the wait and im excite to see where it goes from here."
,Recommended,645630,33885604,Posted: 29 July,all,| PT | RafaelRodgers,"Well, lot of upgrades from the last CMS. Its still buggy, but give they time to fix it. good potencial to become a great game, with coop multiplayer."
76561198381998390,Recommended,645630,33886341,Posted: 29 July,all,justinmedeiros85,The game is very good but easy there are bugs .it happens  with every game out there. Yes the first day it was hard playing but the next day I seen on the main menu that they fixed a lot of bugs what company trys there hardest to fix the bugs less then one day. Other companys have teams up to 30 people working on a game... they don't have many people at playway... so for a 30 month project they did a very good job and they are trying the best they can to please every one out there by asking what the want in the game. No other company out there will bend backwards to make there fans happy .. thank you playway for making a very good game . I can't wait till you bring the other parts of the game . I hope you can get some more of Japan's cars in the game..
,Recommended,645630,33896087,Posted: 29 July,all,Coleio100,In its current state its annoying.Game Freezes up for no reason. (not my rig just the game)For example*sells part*FREEZES...I was having a TON of fun playing this but then it began freezing.I will wait for a patch for this but other than that I am thoroughly enjoying this title!
76561198004363328,Recommended,645630,34028959,Posted: 4 August,all,Bjcomings,"I didn't have any problems with the game. the Devs worked hard to fix what they needed to.The bugs are gone (Majority, no game breakers)The game is great (7 or 9 patches since the bad reviews)Highly additctive£15 with change --- I spend more money in Tescos when I go in for dog food..."
76561197984385921,Recommended,645630,34029643,Posted: 4 August,all,glitchsv,Great game just needs some work and their working as best they can to fix the issues all and all still a great game!
76561198252347384,Recommended,645630,34029765,Posted: 4 August,all,BassLeader9,The game is still a little buggy but it is still fun to play never the less.
76561198023531038,Recommended,645630,34031652,Posted: 4 August,all,Vortex6653,i really love the game
76561198095086410,Recommended,645630,34110954,Posted: 8 August,all,dtbatty,I love this game a couple of bugs but they are always fixed
,Not Recommended,645630,34112816,Posted: 8 August,all,FireLord,"Recommend this game, for pc players that have powerful computer the answer is no. It's so laggy that almost crashed my computer. The sound is great and all but I just wait until it's get stable, and fully release."
,Recommended,645630,33877758,Posted: 29 July,all,SVT 1 / WILDCASE.COM,"Really good game, a great game to just sit down and play for hours. Have not been experiensing any issues with the game. Would totaly recomend. Gerat Job developers :)."
,Recommended,645630,33978482,Posted: 2 August,all,Vince,"I love the game.. The radial menu takes some time getting used to, but I noticed after about 2 hours of gameplay it almost feels natural. Now after 8 hours.. I love the radial menu. Also the commitment of the devs is great.Only thing I really noticed is the wheel bolts going in the wrong way in some cases also, wheels still dont line up with the bolts sometimes.. If you're patient en love these kind of games. This game will fulfill your needs."
,Recommended,645630,34094287,Posted: 7 August,all,TNT,I guess the game is full of bugs? I personally havent come across any yet. None the less I really enjoy this game. I couldn't really get into Car mechanic Sim 15 but this game has me hooked and its only going to be getting better as time goes on. I didn't purchase the dlc and will wait for a sale before purchasing it. I dont have a lot fo hours into the game yet but if any game breaking problems arise i will be bummed but will still continue to play it. its a great game to play while listening to podcasts and watching youtube.
76561198067150352,Not Recommended,645630,33975820,Posted: 2 August,all,Slappy,"Stat on a black screen for 20mins. game doesn't even load.still not going to get a refund though because I really want to play the game.Hopefully this ""bug"" will be fixed soon.UPDATE (day 21)....still dosn't work."
76561197993001140,Not Recommended,645630,33976010,Posted: 2 August,all,Chakes,"First, I am only going to review the game and the game only in it's current state.In short, the release of this game is nothing but a scam.Essentially it is early access in it's current state, due to a ton of bugs, translation errors and missing content which was promised. Still, you get to pay the whole thing and even day-one-DLC if you're up to it.Sure, many bugs have been fixed in just a couple days after release, but that doesn't change the fact that the game was released simply unplayable and still misses out on many things.The optimization is straight up poor, bugs are still present, crashes are common.I can not recommend this game right now. Also, I'd recommend to wait until things are fixed before you buy this game, especially to avoid giving the developer and publisher any more credit for their attitude.An apology doesn't help over the fact that they released a game in beta status in my opinion."
,Recommended,645630,34025082,Posted: 4 August,all,KhalifaX,"Not a proper good reviewI really love this game ive played it so much my game became unable which is why i stoppedim waiting for the developers to fix the game so i can play iti feel like theres a lack of things to do with a restored or owned car, you can sell it or drive it in a testtrack? thats it, kinda lame that there isnt not much to do with your car"
,Recommended,645630,34030065,Posted: 4 August,all,Cable master,i like that u can rebuild car and help u learn but we need an race track (drag for me) / can you add an superchrger pls can get super fast or anything
76561198257008723,Recommended,645630,34101752,Posted: 8 August,all,audi4141,"As you can see i only played 45min so far and i uninstalled the game for the moment,i have cms2015 and loved it,i used to be a mechanic myself for 10years,so these are the games for me but this game isn't there yet,for starters you can only play proper on a qwerty keyboard,i have azerty wich sucks,the second thing,i'm stuck in tutorial mode,i can't take jobs,note that this could be my fault and haven't played that much:-) 3th thing they need to fix the engine stand it bugs me alot that the engine stand is wrapped around the crankshaft wich isn't realistic and anoying because it hinders the view when trying to remove the con-rods from the crankshaft,in real life you attach the engine to the engine stand with 4 arms to the holes where the gearbox screws in.Compairing cms2015 to cms2018,in cms2018 the graphics are way nicer and the parts look more realistic and there are a lot more features in the game like tire changes etc.. i gave the game a tumbs up because if it works proper some day this will be one of the best simulators around.I can garantee you that but be patient,the devs are working hard and they have my full support on this, and for the ones who rant bad things about this game, download a program called BLENDER and try to create something and studie some C++ coding then come back and write a review you will have a lot more respect for people who create videogames,i know i have."
76561198037996872,Not Recommended,645630,34279929,Posted: 16 August,all,IBegToDiffer200,"I hope everyone will agree with me if they have played CMS 2015. CMS 2018 is a big upgrade in terms of graphics, realism, parts, vehicles, and just the overall feel of the game has changed. Change is good right?Where this game goes wrong is every bug that has been listed and the idea that a company for all we know who had 3 years to create another CMS game to out perform any other previous CMS game has turned it into a complete dumpster fire. Dont get me wrong, I loved CMS 2015 and I still play it. And I really want to love 2018 but right now it is unplayable for me for one simple reason;I can not group the front shock Absorber with the Front Spring and the Cap.that is the only bug I have encountered and I can not finish the repair and get the damn car off the lift to keep the game progressing. It's one of those blue colored repairs in the order book with the dialog that the person ran over something and it feels funny (which by the way, I do like the added dialog)It's sad to see the only way to fix that is to make a new game under a cheat code to give you more xp to start and more money.FIX THE DAMN GAME."
76561197989073008,Recommended,645630,34114684,Posted: 8 August,all,Sonymystic,This is a very fun game. I recommend anyone who loves working with cars to buy this game and give it a try.
76561198046290128,Recommended,645630,34318990,Posted: 17 August,all,Imakemusic81,"It's a work in progress, but I have found myself hours in with no issues. Every once in a while the fps will drop a few, but I imagine as fast as they are releasing hot fixes, that any issues there are, will be eventually addressed. Thats my hope anyway! Such a fun game as of now, and it has much more potential in the future. Keep up the good work and keep listening to your customers!!!"
76561198314579715,Recommended,645630,34318968,Posted: 17 August,all,joemcgowen45,"Oh my, well where do I start. Okay well don't let the system requirements scare you, I run this game on a laptop with a core i3 cpu with a intel 4k graphics card, not the optimal laptop, yet once I adjusted the settings this game runs smooth as silk, especially when I play it for hours. Addicting, I love cars, my only issue is they don't let you drive the truck to pick up cars nor can you just drive around the town. Devs if you could do that, maybe even add in the change to buy old tow trucks to fix up or buy a vehicle to bring back the car or parts from the junkyard.Nice game, I like how you can grow the shop and get skill points. Totally worth the cash but seriously, try to do some of what I suggested. It's a great game though."
76561197984297413,Recommended,645630,33903477,Posted: 30 July,all,Bill Gartzo,Very good game need some more work but 100% like it!
76561198073623874,Recommended,645630,33904081,Posted: 30 July,all,Ookeek,"I'm a big fan of the previous Car Mechanic Simulators, and got a lot of play time from them.  I've played around with the 2018 version, and here are my thoughts:First, there are bugs.  Quite a few.  Some of them can be finessed, but some bring the game to an unrecoverable state.Second, based on the thorough support of 2014 and 2015 CMS, I fully expect these bugs to be fixed over time.  The developers have been very good about continually polishing the past versions after release, and I expect that will be the case here.Third, the game is enjoyable, with several new tweaks and improvements over the older versions.  For me, it's a worthwhile purchase.In short, the game was released in a buggy state, but the developers have proven themselves willing and capable of polishing the game after release.  Once the bugs are cleaned up, this is a game that's a good addition to the CMS franchise.If bugs are a deal breaker for your enjoyment, though, I'd recommend waiting for a few updates before purchasing."
76561198163837957,Recommended,645630,33904083,Posted: 30 July,all,dbad1988,"Great game so far. Big thanks to Red Dot and PlayWay for all the hard work. Yes there has been a few bugs, but you are doing your best to keep up informed and doing your best to fix the issues. Keep up the good work and thanks again."
,Recommended,645630,33905369,Posted: 30 July,all,Mikdotnice,"such a good game, loved CMS 2015 and all its cars, better graphics, new controls and even more things to do, definently worth every penny"
76561197960459248,Recommended,645630,33905450,Posted: 30 July,all,Czech Monster,"Love the game, huge step up from previous one. Altough some bugs are spoiling great experience the publisher is working overtime to fix them. 4 patches in 2 days. That is unheard of. Keep it up!"
,Recommended,645630,33905047,Posted: 30 July,all,allgunboy1,Fun game when you are not dealing with bugs
76561198246967310,Recommended,645630,33865398,Posted: 28 July,all,ABOOD GAMERS,hey play waynice work red doti played the game and i loved itno matter what happend when the game delayed becuse its finally herei hope if you can relase mercedec dlc as soon as possiblekeep it up.im looking now on house flipper and gold rush .
76561198154336293,Not Recommended,645630,34524122,Posted: 27 August,all,prikol_k,"This game is so awfull!!! Its just impossible to play, i tried to play, and waited for every new update, i closed my eyes when some of my car just disappeared and played further. But now when my account loading no more, that is too much! Level 31 account with 450k and few cars works no more! I will not going to start new game!"
76561198416094357,Not Recommended,645630,34519209,Posted: 26 August,all,padam1,never got to play the game. it basically just froze my computer and wasted my time
76561198151506555,Recommended,645630,34489344,Posted: 25 August,all,Destroyer17000,Is gud
,Recommended,645630,34504050,Posted: 26 August,all,NewGameRelease,"A very good 'game', ('game' being the operative word). Don't buy this game thinking you are going to learn how to be a mechanic! But, do buy this game for some great puzzle fun. Well worth the money £15 I think I paid, I've already had my monies worth time and entertainment wise...For younger players, it will teach you where the parts go, but not always name the parts accurately or let you assemble them in the correct order... YET!- I say 'yet' because they are still working on this game and they will surely want to do things right in the final version.PS - I am (or was), a mechanic in RL!Some of the parts assembly and disassemble orders are out of whack right now at Aug 2017. But don't let that stop you from buying the game.I have more than 50 hours in this game already, so I am reasonably well qualified to say that this is a good game.-  (Unlike some who are complaining about the game and haven’t even played for more than a few hours).This game is a time sucker! Its addictive! It can take up to (or sometimes more than), an hour to strip a car and then source new parts and fit them. If you just choose a car job that is just one issue like body repair, brakes or exhaust, you can do it in under 10 minutes once you know what you are doing.Currently, those quicker jobs seem to be the best way to gain points to level up your garage, (but I cannot say for sure)!In my opinion GTA, COD and BF players will not generally like this game, so if you like a fast pace gamer, give this one a miss and you will save yourself a lot of time complaining about the game. ;-)I have some videos about this game on a new channel.  - Just look for 'Andreas Plays Car Mechanic 2018' on Youtube, where I will welcome you to my garage and be taking you for a spin in some of the cars I'm collecting or repairing...TIP: Never let me repair your car though, as I will drive the 'knuts' off it on the test and race tracks just for fun...Andreas Plays..."
,Recommended,645630,34468415,Posted: 24 August,all,LockdownCZ,i cant put together a whisbone. i dont know what to do.
,Recommended,645630,34508386,Posted: 26 August,all,UlishtheGank,"I'm currently in the navy so its hard to find time to play games anymore, and even when i get the liberty to do so its not enough to get invovled with some of my favorites. This game however, I was able to easily jump into and play.The game has great detail and is constantly being updated with the devs. adding new content. The game also has a strange relaxing feel to it. I can loose myself in the game for a few hours or just jump on for a quick half hour or so, and still feel like I've acomplished somthing in game.That's not to say though that there aren't any faults.The controls are a bit clunky still, and I'll find myself constantly removing a part where i meant to add one, or the hud breaking and the mouse cursor just hovering over the screen (this however is easily fixed, all you have to do is right click and press escape).Over all, however, I feel the game is of decent qaulity (even with a few bugs), and I never get bored while playing it.NOT RECOMMENED FOR GAMERS THAT HAVE NO PATIENTS. GAME IS SLOW AT FIRST."
,Not Recommended,645630,34428107,Posted: 22 August,all,PhantomFilms,"Honestly? I'm a little bit disappointed.My short opinion:Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 should never have existed. CMS 2015 should've been renamed to Car Mechanic Simulator, and PlayWay should've built upon that.My 'What were they thinking' points:- Driving Physics are still garbage.A mechanic simulator should've at least had some more attention put into the driving physics of a game basedupon modifying and tuning your rides.- The UI is garbage.PlayWay had a working and acceptable UI layout in the 2015 edition. But they've botched it up to a point whereyou have to disassemble an interior to actually assemble an interior.- There is some REALLY useless stuff:The Car Salon, for instance. Why on God's earth would you even consider buying a car from a dealership? Whenyou're a mechanic that needs to make money? Come on...- Junkyard - Good idea. Sh*t execution:It's a good idea - yes. But honestly - Whose idea was it to have a junkyard with a load of junk piles, only for acouple of said junk piles to actually contain junk? It's the same with the cars, but the junk piles thing soundedfunnier in my head.In my God's honest opinion, this is a cashgrab. The deal is sealed by the partnerships with Dodge and Mazda; being attempts to try to draw you in. I bit the bullet, and I wish I hadn't in some cases.If you're thinking about picking up CMS 2018: for the love of God, don't. Get yourself CMS 2015 instead. If you enjoy it, invest in the Mercedes and Maserati DLC. Classic cars always were of interest to me.Anyway. Review over. Alcohol consumed. Off to bed with me."
76561197987284111,Not Recommended,645630,33863821,Posted: 28 July,all,Moon Moon,"wow, how bad is this!! this game should be in alpha not main release. it crashes from just using the engine stand... sort this♥♥♥♥♥♥out already."
76561198071893736,Not Recommended,645630,33863303,Posted: 28 July,all,mrjones112972,"First couple of jobs seemed to go ok but then started noticeing things like lug nuts not lining up with the holes they were supposed to go into, fist time i took a car onto the test path I got into the car and started it up but couldn't do anything after that. Had to shut down and restart before I could move the car. Then the when finishing a job the game wouldn't lock up but sometimes I'd go to a black screen where i could hear when i clicked but couldn't see what I was doing. I'd hoped with the extra time they had they could have fixed some of these glitches.... I'd wait awhile before buying this game. It has alot of promise but way too many glitches at the moment."
,Not Recommended,645630,33866286,Posted: 28 July,all,Tolga,I don't think they have tried this game on a regular pc for once
76561198330144514,Not Recommended,645630,33862843,Posted: 28 July,all,bmanf2003,How do the controls work in 2018 ? Can't move anywhere... Extremely chopping graphics too... Cmon guys !!!!
76561198324159520,Not Recommended,645630,33862965,Posted: 28 July,all,Xcrazy_sniper,"So here's my list:1. There's nothing to do other than explore the fully upgraded garage and 2 cars2. Bugs everywhere3. I lose my parts in the paintbooth making me buy more4. i cannot go to the junkyard or auction center5. Many on screen bugs such as a menu being on when it shouldn't be6. There is a few missing parts, one for example is the Air Filter (V8 OHV F) which is needed on the Dodge Charger, which i now cannot get out of my garage so"
76561197972304491,Not Recommended,645630,33864192,Posted: 28 July,all,chipper85,"Buggy, horrible mess of a game. AVOID."
,Not Recommended,645630,33865967,Posted: 28 July,all,Rjohn,"Okay... So far I have a few hours in game (in offline mode).Overall like the last game it's very promising, yet, as you feel it coming... There's a massive but at this point in time.The game has mediocre optimising so far, my high end pc does not run it smoothly. In addition to that, unlike the last CMS title, the controles of this game are very unintuitive, meaning that you are struggling with taking off or putting on parts. This is a massive buzzkill and should be fixed asap, as it actually ruins gameplay. Moreover the game has quite some buggs with putting parts together. For instance when putting the clamps of a brake together some of the parts dissapear. This and many of the other encountered buggs and gameplay issues make me give this game negative review.Please Red Dot, you can do better. Fix it with SPEED AND POWER AND SPEED!Okay... So far I have a few hours in game (in offline mode).Overall like the last game it's very promising, yet, as you feel it coming... There's a massive but at this point in time.The game has mediocre optimising so far, my high end pc does not run it smoothly. In addition to that, unlike the last CMS title, the controles of this game are very unintuitive, meaning that you are struggling with taking off or putting on parts. This is a massive buzzkill and should be fixed asap, as it actually ruins gameplay. Moreover the game has quite some buggs with putting parts together. For instance when putting the clamps of a brake together some of the parts dissapear. This and many of the other encountered buggs and gameplay issues make me give this game negative review.Please Red Dot, you can do better. Fix it with SPEED AND POWER AND SPEED!"
,Not Recommended,645630,33863005,Posted: 28 July,all,DrHouseDK,"Basic game engine is obviously still the one from 15. Consider this a remux with a few addons.As for now, I can't really recommend this game. High graphics enables motion blur, which makes the game feel incredibly laggy. Medium settings runs fine, but lacks a lot of visual fidelity.Interface doesn't really work as smooth or responsive as CMS15. The time you need to hold LMB to activate removal of a part is painfully long.Worst of all? Crash, crash and crash. You can consistently make the game crash by having an engine on the stand and testing fuel pressure (which doesn't make sense anyways with an engine in the stand...)"
,Not Recommended,645630,33863879,Posted: 28 July,all,Fahren,"Super unoptimized.I waited an extra week for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game was so overhyped that it's sad. Maybe PlayWay were just using the languages as a cover-up for how bad the game was going to be on release. I will definately be waiting ages to play this pathetic game that seemed so promising, but was SO flawed in execution.I loved CMS 15 and I was super excited for all the new features... shame you don't even get to use any of them because you can barely walk or look around without your eyes bleeding from how ugly the game looks and preforms.I am one disappointed customer and hope these pathetic game devs actually work 24/7 to fix this poor excuse for a game. It honestly should have been released as an early access title and they should have cleaned the game up WAYYY more before releasing it to the public. Clearly 80 months or what the ♥♥♥♥ ever weren't enough for these devs to create a working game."
76561198066132860,Not Recommended,645630,33864319,Posted: 28 July,all,ALexus,The game is poorly optimized (my system does meet the reccomended specs yet it doesn't run smoothly even at medium settings)within roughly 2 hours of gameplay the game crashed twice causing me to loose all the progress each time.The UI feels very clunky - I miss pressing the number keys to quickly switch between assembly modesI have also encountered a lot of mouse input lag.I hope this all gets fixed with the few next updates.
,Not Recommended,645630,33863205,Posted: 28 July,all,KickinYourBrass,"Really disapointed. The game is unstable, has many glitches, and framerate is horrible. I was real excited when the game came out, but with only a hour play time, it was unplayable."
,Not Recommended,645630,33863386,Posted: 28 July,all,Big Smoke,"All in all; A horrible experience.I wouldn't go as far as saying it lags on my setup, but 6700k with a 1080Ti @ 1440/high should return more than 50 frames. nothing less than 4k is acceptable on a 65"" tv from 7 feet away, which my setup is fine with in almost any other game except GTA V with redux and all cars replaced.. And trust me, this game is nowhere near the former. This will render the minimum and recommended specs useless as they dont reflect reality at all, and thus I can imagine the frustration of all people that bought the game in hope of a finished product that they can play and enjoy.Non-intuitive controls (compared to CMS 15)Buggy to say the least. (honestly more like lack of any QC at all)Weak a** tutorial, if you could call it a tutorial. (which you cant skip and no instructions on how to complete it)No key remappingNo tips for beginners on how to use the new interfaceFor me, as of right now, I'm unable to finish my second job, as the oil wont drain. (call that a bug, shall we)YOU DONT MISS THESE THINGS! THEY ARE LITERALLY THE FIRST THINGS YOU NOTICE!And last but not least, the translation... My god the translation.. It's like they didn't even try.. Brake pump? really???I'm sure they will come up with patches but seeing to the state of the game right now, they have a lot of patching to do before it's enjoyable for everyone.Dont buy this game... yet (let the early adopters, me included, bite the bullet and unleash their rage in the comment/review section first.) keep an eye for positive reviews; I know I will."
76561198340694066,Not Recommended,645630,33863929,Posted: 28 July,all,Lunatic Cultist,"I know there was complaints about poor optimization but THIS, this is ridiculously unoptimized, even at lowest settings this budget computer takes a beating. i mean its great and all but the opimization makes it very choppy rendering it barley playable, this has got to be fixed or this game will be placed in the ""so bad there is hardly anybody playing"" section of the steam store, and the game will become one of those ""games that got so much hype but flopped so bad on release day"" 1/10 for a good attempt, recommend first update be optimization update"
,Recommended,645630,33864081,Posted: 28 July,all,Demuth,"Absolutely love this game..Unfortunately, it's very buggy at the moment, both the UI and some of the game features, this should have been marked as a early access game, it really feels like that.But when that is said, I love the new features this game brings, and I can't wait for them to fix the bugs and hopefully add some coop gameplay !"
,Not Recommended,645630,33858603,Posted: 28 July,all,Cpt.Vegas,"The optimisation of the game is horrible, with a good rig, you still get♥♥♥♥♥♥fps.They also made us wait for a week just to get more languages, which is just bs.Refunded for now."
,Not Recommended,645630,33863770,Posted: 28 July,all,price,"The game doesn't give you any indication in what to do when you first start out, which leaves new players (like myself) confused. It's very poorly optimized, too. If you're considering buying this, I would wait for a few updates to be released.Not recommended in it's current state."
76561198275781975,Not Recommended,645630,33863962,Posted: 28 July,all,YC-CY,"SO MANY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥BUGS, please fix them ASAP"
76561198007981167,Not Recommended,645630,33868491,Posted: 28 July,all,ckok,"Very buggy right now. I can understand if there are a few bugs, but right now there are so many that it makes the game unplayable. I'll try the game again once a patch comes out."
,Recommended,645630,33866465,Posted: 28 July,all,Grin,When or how do i unlock the car auction?
76561198072531839,Not Recommended,645630,33867911,Posted: 28 July,all,lolaap321,"I'll give this game a negative review for now, here is my reasoning:- Pretty much no tutorial- The game is clearly unfinished.There are so many glitches and bugs, some of wich crash the game, or make the game unplayable- Bad optimalisation- Multiple missing animations- Multiple missing parts- Tachometers going backwardsOr twice the speed they're supposed to- Just very unstable in generalIt doesn't take much to crash the game..However! Every game has it's own problems at launch, and one game more so than the other. Even though this game has alot of problems, I do have some hope that it will improve."
76561198138327795,Recommended,645630,34537481,Posted: 27 August,all,bigben42,"The gameplay is fun and it was a great upgrade from the last game. I put in a ton of hours on Car Mechanic Simulator 15 and it appears I will be doing the same on this game as well. Great game for people that like cars, attention to detail is great for the licensed cars. Even though this game had one of the worst launches I have seen, Play Way seems to be trying to rectify this by updating it almost everyday to make sure that the users experience is enhanced."
76561198018501765,Recommended,645630,33867824,Posted: 28 July,all,Grim Reaper,"The game is super detailed and full, despite the small bug at launch it will be updated already a small update has been made (mouse al main screen) otherwise nothing to say just a few improvements to do otherwise super simulation games Of mechanics"
,Recommended,645630,33877513,Posted: 29 July,all,Termnator2000,This game is so fun. Havent had much bugs but the ones i did have i was patient for a patch. The devs are working there♥♥♥♥♥off to make the game bug free and its day 1 there are bugs in games on day 1. What do u expect? Bug free game? We find the bugs and tell the devs. Thank u playway and red dot for making an awesome game. Played over 10 hours and it was rough but i enjoyed it.
,Not Recommended,645630,33888400,Posted: 29 July,all,ogentor,"Right now, this gets my review as negative purely for one reason; The devs don't seem to have learned.I'm not experiencing any gamebreaking performance issues, but the sheer lack of amenities in this game is almost mindboggling.No control options (Yes, no keybinds nor mouse sensitivity options) no in game options, no help page/tutorial to go back to after you end the first one early to avoid rumoured performance issues, no real explanation of the controls, the ""game settings"" tab in the options menu is literally just languages. Oh, and not to forget the fact that the video settings tab has 4 options; Resolution, full screen, vsync and ""Graphics quality"" which is nothing but ""Low, medium, high and ultra"".Yes, all of these may be minor issues to some, because some people will adapt, but the lack of all these options is absolutely sub-standard for a 2017 release, especially one that labels itself as 2018. And for someone like me who jumps between different games all the time, i don't feel like spending half an hour getting used to unusual controls, everytime i want to play.And i like seeing what graphical options i have, and the ability to single out or reduce settings like AA and shadows quality (did i mention the shadows in this game looks like absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥) to further improve how my PC will run the game.These options should be standard for most games, and they are, but for some reason not for Playway, not even after all the complaints they got for similar issues trough CMS14 and 15.Playway prides themselves their own label of ""44 development teams in one firm"", but please, put more than one of those teams on developing your largest, best selling game next time. Cause the lack of amenities in this game is superbly sub-par, and my negative review will remain until these issues are improved on.Oh, and let's not forget this game has day one DLC and AT LEAST TEN more DLCs planned, publically. From release!That said, i've been playing this series since CMS14 and i genuinely enjoy it. The larger addition of tuning features/options, the scrapyard and etc are things i enjoy, but it's hard to overlook the important backend stuff as a player, even if all these cool new features and DLCs are drizzled on top."
76561198126815489,Not Recommended,645630,33891788,Posted: 29 July,all,iceman053,get to main menu then nothing works. its not my pc so dont ask about my specs. WANT A REFUND NOW *****
,Not Recommended,645630,33892219,Posted: 29 July,all,UltimateBMWfan,"The release so far has been a disaster. Optimization failures and bugs left and right (My 1080 runs on high at 20fps, great!), and missing features advertised in the description.Looking for tuning, the race track, or the car salon? They're greyed out, not unlocked yet. No way to, because I'm guessing they haven't been implemented yet. Oh dear. Let's not advertise features that haven't been added into the game shall we?Time will tell if CMS18 will get fixed, but from the get go, it doesn't look good."
,Not Recommended,645630,33892239,Posted: 29 July,all,Rosen,I actually want to rip my eyes out waiting for the tire swapper and balancer J E S U S
76561198127094765,Recommended,645630,33924767,Posted: 31 July,all,DriftKing180sx,when is the tuning shop and body tuning shop coming
,Not Recommended,645630,33928966,Posted: 31 July,all,CowboySheriff,"At this point, there are so many glitches in the game that it is impossible for me to play."
,Recommended,645630,33982507,Posted: 2 August,all,Ates Yiğit,This a good game but so much bugs for now. Hope they fix that soon. I was removing the fuel pump and game gone black screen then crashed. Please fix them and it will be great.
76561198038782787,Recommended,645630,33999594,Posted: 3 August,all,"Jessica branston ""リンジン""","Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 my honest review after 2 and a half hours on my own account and a few more from a friends account.This game was released under a week ago and there has been a lot of reviews from gamers aswell as curators. And they all differ from telling you to not buy the game and some that tell you to buy the game. To be honest if you are really into the earlier games of this series than buy it.This game is diffrent on a huge level but still the same old gold. So i just want to tell you about the pros and the cons that might be around this time.The way i will write the pros and cons is that i will take each subject that i think that matters and tell you the pros and the cons about it in each category.(The game itself)Pro: The game differs its huge in comparison to what earlier versions have been and it is so much more fun know that you can imagine. If you like ganes like this than you will love it. You can do so much now and you have more areas to go to like the, Test track, Auction house, Barns, Race track, parking garage and lastly the car salon.Con: The game at the current state isn`t fantastic but it is good enough. There is framerate drops, and the game can sometimes lag when you fix on the car and this might be a small pain sometimes. One thing that is kinda sad is that the map is huge but you cannot just drive around it and go to the junk yard or barns on your own, this would be something that would be a fantastic thing to do.(The Garage)Pro: So much fun and so much diffrent to do, you have everything from a small garage to a the bigger garage as you progress and this make you feel that you have been working your♥♥♥♥♥of and made some sweet dough.Con: It takes a long time to get a huge garage but seriously this ain`t really a big con because it makes the game much more fun.(Leveling)Pro: So much fun, you learn as you live. i have had so much fun just getting to the next leveling upgrade and it kinda keeps me working harder and faster as well you have to think more because you get to choose from a big tree branch of what to upgrade giving you more of a choice as well making it a thougher choice.Con: it is a tree branch as i said and when it comes to the aspect of unlocking different parts of the garage except the weldign and learning aspect i dont like it, if i want to buy myself to more lifts i dont think upgrading a skill point is actually realistic. you dont just learn how to upgrade a garage you pay for it, so they should think about this.(Parts in the game)Pro: There is so many parts (over 1000) and a great thing about this game is you can actually find parts on the junk yard or in the barn finds that vary from bad parts to actually good parts that you can profit over. If you thought that the last game got kinda the same because you had to buy everything the same over and over again then this will differ and be more fun.Con: I think because there is so much parts in the game, the game ruins itself when it comes to the performance of the game, this is because the game can get laggy when you get a lot of parts in you inventory.(Cars in the game)Pro: There is so many different cars + some real branded car like Dodge and Mazda.Con: There ain`t really so many things that is bad except that it would be more fun to see more licensed cars like in the previous game.But all this said, if you like these types of game and can fight your way trough the perfomance drop sometimes than buy it, it will most likely be fixed later in the game and this game gives you a huge challene but is completely awesome and fun to play."
,Recommended,645630,34019956,Posted: 4 August,all,consun,i dont feel like typing a huge review but i feel like it need all the thumbs up it can get and so far so good. THE biggest con though is the pie chart menue is a horrible creation and needs to be changed.
76561198024050847,Recommended,645630,34049653,Posted: 5 August,all,stroke,"Well i purchased this game and have spent 24 usd layed for 15 hours and no bugs so far except the ones cars bring in needing repaired.So all said a decent simulator.Also i value my games in a time to money return and so far im happy with the $1.67 a hour spent.Well with more updates and time in game im still as happy maby a little more so than before.And im finaly lerning something about whats under the hood making it interesting, that and im runing iinto problems i have had in real life with a number of cars. had i known then what i know now well i might still have them and had less of a repair bill making them junk bound."
76561198284848622,Recommended,645630,34051844,Posted: 5 August,all,GothicCorpses,Good game has some bugs but they are working on them rather fast worth a buy
76561197966125683,Recommended,645630,34055638,Posted: 6 August,all,Panda,"Though this game had a rocky start and that there are still more things to iron out, I'm going to have to give this game a postive score due to how proactive the development team has been and how much fun I've had so far. I do think they should of just delayed the game longer to iron out these issues and spare themselves the negitive reviews upon release but its nice to see one or two patches every day resolving bugs. I do advise waiting a bit longer if you're wanting to avoid any issues but I wouldn't worry about this game ending up abandoned and full of bugs if you want to take the plunge now."
76561198337838260,Recommended,645630,33893727,Posted: 29 July,all,jjeff1955,"Started this Game with Version 1.0.2 and to my Surprise it is running very Good.Black Screens seems to be the Norm for waiting for the Game to load.Settings on Ultra GTX 1080 Ti SC2, FX 8370 CPU, 32 Gigs DDR3 Memory.Frame rates are Smooth during the Tutorial Section.Created a Profile and everything is still running Smooth.Details of this Game is very very Good for all of the Tools you get in this Game.I like it so far. I have Faith in the Devolpers to finish this Game to Perfection.Latest Patches, this Game has come a long ways in a very short amount of Time.I am now playing this Game, and I am getting in deep, and it is running very Good.FPS is good in all areas of this Game, average of 48 fps to 60 fps Vsync Locked.Very Fun to finally play this Game.Thank You to all of the Dev Teams for making this possible!"
76561198024501029,Recommended,645630,33898002,Posted: 29 July,all,CrazyFool,"Let me begin by saying that this game should either have spent more time in development or else should've been released as EA.With regards the countless negative reviews, I have to say that I bought this game when it was V1.0.02, and other than the tutorial being laggy, I was pleased to find that on my aged system the lagginess wasn't so visble in the main game. I've only suffered one crash in, what, 7 hours of playing? The negative reviews were off-putting, but I figured if it was so bad within the first hour or so of playing it, I'd just ask for a refund. And obviously I haven't asked for one and I've missed the deadline.The game is a bit of a grind-fest for me at the moment. Lots of jobs are pretty much the same (okay, so that's what mechanics deal with - endlessly changing brakes or oil filters) but more variety in the way the ""customer"" reports their problems would be nice. I'm hoping that this initial grind-fest is only as you're slowy levelling up, and that customers will come in with more serious problems. Lots of the jobs are, naturally, over-simplied, but it's a relaxing game to play, and makes a change from quick-fire FPSs where you're blithely murdering the enemy.The in-game cars (the base cars that come with the game) are fakes, but that doesn't detract from the gameplay. Some of the cars are rusted and battered (they seem to be pretty much the only cars I'm getting at the moment) and the graphics are fine for this time of game.There are, of course, a few annoying things with the game (sometimes, you must remove a part to find out how damaged it is, after which there doesn't seem to be any way of adding that item to the shopping list; if you have a few worn items in your inventory, you can't just ""sell"" them or ""bin"" them en masse; and also, it doesn't tell you which parts came from the car you're working on, so you can theoretically run the risk of adding a part that is more worn than the part you removed; also, if your cack-handed and accidentally hit the ` key, it brings up some kind of debugging screen, though usually you just hit ` again and it disappears), but hey, it's just a bit of fun at the end of the day. It's a game. It won't teach you to be a mechanic!One aspect which is a bit naff is when you take the car to the test-track. I have got a steering wheel, but for the majority of time, you're working with a mouse and occasionally the keyboard, and it's a pain having the steering wheel stuck in the way, and as a consequence I'm controlling the car using the keyboard. The handling physics are super-bad, which is a bit of a shame.Now for the tricky part. Would I recommend it? Well, I haven't experienced any game breaking bugs as yet, and it seems as though the developers are working to fix the problems that were evident on the game's release. So, I'm going to tentatively say ""yes"", although it's still early days, and it's possible I may alter my views if and when I get access to the junkyard and the auction and find it doesn't live up to my expectations. I would add that if you're interested in leisurely games such as CMS2018, give it a go. So long as you don't spend more than 2 hours in the game, you can always get a refund. So, really, what have you got to lose?"
76561198031391744,Recommended,645630,33900849,Posted: 30 July,all,leetghostdriver,"okay so this is my review as the game stands now V1.0.3 (i think the inital version uploaded was V0.9.9) with according to steam 16 hours of gameplaynow to get this out of the way right now, this game is not in a ""finished state"" as most reviews will tell you, it is not really optimised graphically as at least for me the game still can chug even if you have graphics settings on the minimum level with a decent computer to run it, add to that the fact it ""crashes"" like after every 3 completed cars (fortunately you can still pause the game, save and quit to menu and reload and it continues to work, little things like the ""apply"" and ""back"" buttons in the options menu not being capitalised some wheels that have off-center wheels that get installed with the nuts faceing the wrong way may put some people off however this developer does have a reputation for making their games better and fixing bugs in a timly manner (i mean releaseing 3 patches in 24 hours, one like 2 hours after the game was released) so like most games today, launch was a♥♥♥♥♥♥show, and it will probably be more stable in a week or sobut all that aside when you get right to the gameplay they certainly have followed the tradition of this series, expanding upon the base game giving you even more stuff to do to add to your car, such as fitting bushings to controll arms having to assemble shock absorbers outside the car before installation adding piston rings to pistons, and finally unlocking a garage with 3 lifts. the return of ""story missions"" (mission where you have a character with a story, like the guy that just needs you to change the oil, or the guy who needs new rims because they make him go faster) and the new ""barn finds"" (which you just go to another location finding random parts and/or a new project car) and being able to chage the interior of your car, more upgrades for your character. there is a lot of addional stuff here for those interestedthough again learning curve on this game is higher than the last, but. when you think about it this series could would as a prolonged tutorial, CMS 2014 for the beginner then once that is complete onto CMS2015 for the intermediate stage, then 2018 for ""advanced"" players... makes you think how detailed the next will beat the end of the day i will still reccomend this game, but not at its current state. wait till the build is more stable and the kinks have been ironed out, maybe even play the previous game to see what this game could, be but is currently not."
,Recommended,645630,33931898,Posted: 31 July,all,bulletgamer,"Its a great game still a few bugs here and there but what do you expect its only been out for alittle while. there has been a lot of changes since cms15 and i actually really like them, theres the barn finds now as well as the scrap yard. i would really recomend this game to any one that loves cars. the DLC with mazda and dodge could be really promising if they add more cars in to the packs too. im really keen to see what comes of this game.I brought the game and then spent 3 hours streight playing it in one go, maily because i didnt realise what the time was and it kinda just got away from me too but i love cms15 so heres to cms18 and everything it will be able to eventualy over the next year or years"
,Recommended,645630,33932943,Posted: 31 July,all,CamyHunt,"This game is really fun! It also runs great on my dads pc, i am able to play at medium settings with a constant 60fps on an intel pentium g4560 and a gtx 1050.I would recommend this game to all."
76561198100492367,Recommended,645630,34008829,Posted: 3 August,all,gggwild,"Don't miss out, buy it during the great promo price! - It plays better with each new patch they do. They are working like mad men to make us happy. IF if u liked CMS 2015 and have a half decent computer dont hesitate to get this one. Heck I use a 4 year old Quadcore 2.6 ghz, with an older AMD 7850 2GB video card, and run on low detail to get good frame rate, but man  it still looks great... Better car details and much faster loading times! - I thought I'd really hate the new 'wheel' menu (slower than keys) but it's not bad once u get used to it and works pretty quick. I love the new places u can go to, longer test track, barns, and cool junk yard picking. - So ignore early reviews and get the game. Gotta give thanks to those guys fixing many issues quickly, the remaining bugs are not game breaking, and will get squashed in time. Cheers!"
76561198132362866,Recommended,645630,34048805,Posted: 5 August,all,Masonator_89,"While the game is full of bugs currently, it was only just released. And the developers are doing all they can to get it up and running smoothly.The game right now is fantastic though. Lots of new features, graphics are looking much better (yet everything is still a bit too shiny for me) and everything is just straight up upgraded from the previous games.I don't have that many hours loaded, but have been enjoying my time currently and can't wait to start restoring cars.If you're thinking of buying it right now, well, go ahead. Get started on the game early. But if bugs bug you, then hold off for another month or so.EDIT: 2 weeks later and an update comes out pretty much everyday, and they fix more and more and add more and more. The developers work non stop and are so sincere with the fans, it's really nice and it's great what they are doing. Where the game is right now, works fine, and I haven't personally experienced game-save threatening bugs. Only thing I see every now and then are a few typos, but it doesn't bother me.Good enough to buy it right now!"
76561197964542705,Recommended,645630,34067387,Posted: 6 August,all,Al,The game itself is good and its being updated all the time so am gonna give it a thumbs up. Just hope they do something with performance of the game sometime soon.
,Recommended,645630,34070253,Posted: 6 August,all,Enomonopio,"the last few quick updates fixed aloooot of the major problems. as of right now it is quite playable. you may still get a bug here and there, but its nothing gamebreaking like it was. 8/10 i would recommend for 20 bucks, the two dlc's would be worth if you like those specific styles of cars."
,Recommended,645630,34078046,Posted: 7 August,all,Arenton,"I really like this game, only thing with it is that right now the game is a bit glitchy and buggy, theres no control setup for example a steering wheel in the game and the car salon and race track are not implemented in the game yet, and the minimum graphics required are a bit high, my pc can handle it np, but its a bit high for those who cant afford to build/buy a pc thats can handle this game. Otherwise its a really good game and i really recommend it"
,Recommended,645630,34085380,Posted: 7 August,all,Evilworm,"I love it! Graphics looks nice, game mechanics are cool. UI could be better, and I wish it was easier to use the tablet to order parts when you are zoomed in on and adding or removing parts. Some stuff are still missing and there are a few bugs, as of August 7th 2017, but the developers are on it. They apologized for the mistakes and bugs, and new stuff are fixed every day. Some times even two times a day.This is a game I have no trouble recommending!"
76561197984804101,Recommended,645630,34151139,Posted: 10 August,all,SmokeydaBandit,"I started playing this game about two weeks after it was released and I have had no problems playing the game. The devs worked quickly to fix the bugs and glitches that previous reviewers had mentioned. With that said, this game is a nice improvement over the last two games which both I enjoyed. They added many new tools and modes as well as tons of new cars giving the player plenty to do.  If you enjoyed any of the last car mechanic simulators then you will enjoy this one too."
,Recommended,645630,34155528,Posted: 10 August,all,Goths don't run,"Very good game, a total overhaul on the previous game. The bugs have been a major issue to many but each occasion on which i have played the quality is better than before. This is a game where the developers care enough to actually fix the errors. WOULD RECOMMEND"
76561197961312710,Recommended,645630,34158812,Posted: 10 August,all,^Subliminal,"I played the game a week or two post launch, and things are fine.  There are some kinks that need to be worked out, but no showstopper bugs.  Runs a bit sluggish for what it is, but I can give that a pass.  This is a step up from the previous version for sure."
,Recommended,645630,33872828,Posted: 28 July,all,Cameron (CSGORumble.com),"Alot of people are worried about very choppy gameplay and bugs. Since this game has been released, there has been an update that has fixed 10+ bugs already and it is only the first day of the release. If you put this game on low graphics and fullscreen off it can run smooth even with a PC meeting minimum requirements."
76561198367219340,Recommended,645630,33984131,Posted: 2 August,all,chrisdurham492,I like the game ya its buggy at points but they have ben working everyday on it sense release and they release a patch everyday thays more then u can day about most games nowdays.
,Recommended,645630,33988520,Posted: 3 August,all,dazzy2343,"Very good and time consuming , i havent played the older games but i am very impressed with this one already even though its only in its early stages.i very much look forward to seeing whats in store with patches and updates."
,Recommended,645630,33989992,Posted: 3 August,all,David Tear,"This game is amazing as is, though incomplete. Fortunatly the quick response from the Dev's gives hope for a more complete experience, but as it stands, even just begining the journey through the first few missions, earning money and experiance while learning the game is detailed yet simplistic.The controls are optimal with a controller and mouse, as the controller is usefull for quickly inputting commands without having to remember kinda random keyboard inputs, and using the mouse occasionally for quicker precision aiming.When the bugs are ironed out, this game will earn a clear 10/10 for the advancements over the old games, but as it stands it's sitting squarely on a 5/10. Either get it now, with a clear understanding that the game is not complete, or wait until its finalised. I can't give advice on how to make your experience match mine, and it's really up to you to decide when to get it."
,Recommended,645630,34055751,Posted: 6 August,all,Palisade,"Pros: PBR, beautiful graphics, great gameplay, realism, cars! Cons: Bugs and crashes. But, the devs have fixed some showstoppers already and it's getting better each patch."
76561198126635758,Recommended,645630,34076072,Posted: 6 August,all,Sharkkiller,This is a fun game it seems like it will get more fun as I get into it more from the videos of going to the junkyard and restoring your own car and selling it.
76561198047866219,Recommended,645630,33908820,Posted: 30 July,all,pugg138,"I am no game reviewer. With that said I feel like I should put my 2 cents in on this game.I know there is a lot of bugs in the game right now, but I am seeing that the devs are working to fix them as fast as they can.I know they are keep in touch with the community also to let us know what they are doing and about how long it will be to get another update to the game to fix as many bugs as they can with that update.What I like about the game is the new interface. I like that it is very simple to use.What I don't like it that seems like some things does not get explained enough, like when I have to replace the front shock absorber, there is noting in the game to let you know you need to use the spring supresion to take apart and put it back together.  There should be something some where that lets you know you should use that.They just need to fix the bugs and tweek the totoral a little, but focuse on the bug first.Well that is all I have to say about the game it will be one of my favorit sim games when they get all the bugs fixed."
,Not Recommended,645630,33910234,Posted: 30 July,all,markeyes,13 hrs  l played  works one min and gos bugy sale whats a lafe save money dont bye it
76561198202247572,Recommended,645630,33928675,Posted: 31 July,all,BIG BROWN,need supercharge
76561198021406907,Recommended,645630,33981552,Posted: 2 August,all,Smithy,"Okay guys hear me out! This game is an amazing game with already huge potential. All these negetive reviews are wrong, im sorry but they are wrong! If you want to fix cars and even build your own car then this is the game for you!! Absaloute brilliant game so far and i cant thank the Devs enough for the constant updates! 10/10 would pay double the price!-Smithy"
76561198211486109,Recommended,645630,33989977,Posted: 3 August,all,matt.deluca,"Great game so far being a fan of CMS15 and been really looking forward to CMS18.Much more involved making you feel like a real mechanic. However still very buggy. Might only be me but I spent almost 3 hours in “Tutorial” mode last night rebuilding what I think was a Cape that was there and still didn’t progress on from the tutorial. There should be an option to skip the tutorial especially if you have already played CMS15. I restored the Cape in tutorial mode as I couldn’t see anyway to progress onto the actual game but in the “Car Status” section, it still has question marks against parts that I either repaired or replaced causing my restoration not to be 100%. When I attempted to sell the car hoping it would move me on from the tutorial, I was presented with a black screen and that’s where it stayed.Am I missing something?"
76561198097751665,Recommended,645630,34004504,Posted: 3 August,all,devencollins,"I love these mechanic sim games, they get better every time! I understand it has just been released and has some issues.... but Playway is being very quick with updates and repairs to the game. 10/10 will buy more games from PlayWay."
76561198347623866,Recommended,645630,34050092,Posted: 5 August,all,PrimOmnivore911,it keeps on crashing after i go out of the car menu
76561198004508705,Recommended,645630,34050681,Posted: 5 August,all,IS0lat1ON,"Lets start this by a simple upfront statement.CMS 2018 released pretty buggy but the core experience is wonderful.I have played 8.3 hours as of this moment and within that time frame I have come across at least 3 or 4 bugs. In saying that, they have thus far been promptly fixed. While the bugs are there at the moment they are getting harder to come by with each patch. I have woke almost everyday to a new patch fixing bugs so some serious effort is going into this game to get it up to scratch.Moving onto the gameplay.To CMS 2015 veterans: Many new parts, customisible features, tools and leveling system based off XP to get you those faster screwing/unscrewing stats and more. The right click pie menu will take some getting use to though but does feel more fluid once you do.To new players: I was never a car person before I started playing this series, I tended to appreciate they worked but that was the end of it. Since playing though I have begun to appreciate cars much more and started tinkering a little with my own car (small time at the moment and with some video help).Overall I would recommend this game"
76561198210078525,Recommended,645630,34055678,Posted: 6 August,all,ChumpyKnuckle,"This game is a great improvement to 2015. Yes it has a few bugs here and there, many of which are constantly being worked on and updated every day. I would strongly recommend this game to anyone who has played and enjoyed cms 2015.All i can say is keep up the good work Red Dot!!"
76561198024270997,Recommended,645630,34066254,Posted: 6 August,all,loupfu,HOTFIX SIMULATOR !
76561198105624722,Recommended,645630,34071780,Posted: 6 August,all,Iceberg,"Have played for almost an hour now. Although I have heard of many people complaining about performance issues on their ends, I myself am getting 40 to 60 steady fps. It will be a bit sluggish at times in certain areas but far from enough to keep me from enjoying this game. My system is by no means top notch, it has an old 2500k i5 intel with a z68 chipset asus board and 16 gb of ddr3 ram. Only thing worth anything in my system is my 6gb 1060. And again I repeat the game is running darn good for me.I have been following this series for years and I would say the devs have far exceeded my expectations with one. Everything down to detailing the vehicle has been added. Graphics are great, vehicle details, and immersion is top notch.This day and age we have impataint gamers who do not know the meaning of release bugs. Boy you guys would have blown your brains out back in the day when most games were released borderline unplayable. Even in their ""finished"" states bugs and crashes were a given.Other seed of gamer these days are a bunch of people who throw an xbox level amount of money into a system and wonder why it struggles. Never taking time to learn how to tune or what/why speed specs arent worth near what people think.Deadlines and budgets on top of need for player feedback for troubleshooting are just some of the justifiable reasons behind releasing a game not ""polished"".Irregardless boys and girls most games worth anything will be patched to playable condition soon enough and this game is far from below that standard.All and all I say buy it. It and the DLCs. If this is your type of game and are a fan of the series then I have no doubt this one will not disappoint."
76561198241502488,Recommended,645630,34136543,Posted: 9 August,all,simsjoshua213,i loved the older versions of the game and it still isnt to everyones expectations but honestly i think they can fix it fast enough
76561197970958288,Recommended,645630,34164986,Posted: 11 August,all,SlayerOne,"Fabulous game for serious gearheads and car nuts. if mindless bolts and fixing things is something you find compelling, this is your simulator. They really need to get Top Gear's James May to endorse this product. It's mind numbing tedium for those who need to unwind with some serious tinkering."
76561197966866668,Recommended,645630,34166145,Posted: 11 August,all,Mablez,I would recomend this game. the devs are working hard on the few bugs but the game works fine for me.
,Recommended,645630,34242346,Posted: 14 August,all,Luke,"It's a brilliant game don't get me wrong, but it lags sooooo much, it's like playing the game on a 10 year old laptop (which my PC isn't). I have a gaming PC and it should be able to run the game no problem... it ran cms 2015 no problem! This isn't a rant because the game itself is amazing and I love it so much I play the game even with lag, but its starting to get lil bit annoying!!!"
76561198129415471,Recommended,645630,33878677,Posted: 29 July,all,PugzNotDrugz,♥♥♥♥ all the haters this game is awsome and looks stunning! My rig not even that powerful only got a 690 and im gettin 60fps on high settings and a few stutters here and there but no game breaking bugs for me yet. Plus it costs ♥♥♥♥ all and you get an extra 10% off if you own any of the previous games
,Recommended,645630,33885926,Posted: 29 July,all,03lundgren,"This game is getting mostly negative reviews on steam because people with i7 and 1080 ti are experiencing low fps even on lowest settings, I have no idea what they are talking about because I'm sitting here playing with 65-155 fps and I have a 35$ CPU and a GPU I bought from Facebook. 10/10 I recommend this game to any car guy and if you're going to pick it up do it NOW because you get a 10% discount. I am not saying this is a bug free game by any means but considering the price tag and the fact that they will patch most of these bugs I seriously think its worth it. Ive played for 7 hours now and its the best 7 hours I've ever had in a sim game."
,Recommended,645630,33895606,Posted: 29 July,all,Alf Stewart,"No clue what to do, went into the game and created a new profile and was put in with 2 cars? sold one and spent the rest trying to put a supercharger on the other but no luck so now im broke and have 1 car that doesn't even run"
76561198054389960,Not Recommended,645630,33910027,Posted: 30 July,all,Dan,"Good game, bad console port."
,Recommended,645630,33919518,Posted: 30 July,all,Stickyricky,"I waited 2 days for Dev's to send out Patchs, been playing for 3+ hrs nothing wrong so far, getting 60 fps with vsync 3.4GHz, 1070, 16gb ram. its fun, alot to do vs CMS 15"
76561198176774111,Recommended,645630,34056586,Posted: 6 August,all,ukd777,I like CMS 18 and the few bugs/ not function yet don't bother me that much as 1 week after release. There is nearly every day a update. Compared to CMS15 it has overall some improvement like instead of 4 joboffers you have now 6 and they are on timer rotation so no need to run to the phone all the time as before. Looks to me also there are much more cars in the base game.
76561198407715267,Recommended,645630,34071424,Posted: 6 August,all,drewmos,"Love this game, played it for 5 hours non stop just restoring cars, only issues I have is that I can't seem to buy an engine to put into a car, I accidentally sold the engine that was in my barn find and was unable to put another engine in it, so instead I had to buy another barn find just for the engine. I would love to be able to add a supercharger to an engine aswell they are purchasable."
76561198401746092,Recommended,645630,34072952,Posted: 6 August,all,UmtoldProzz,"I really enjoy this game! Its pretty unique, I myself havent experienced many bugs or gliches. Personally the only thing i think it needs is something to tell you when you just picked up a part from the replacement list. Its a little annoying having to constantly check the list after picking something up."
76561198117391735,Recommended,645630,34132783,Posted: 9 August,all,Snake008,It's getting better missing radiator hoses and wiring makes the car look dull wish they'd focus more on the car and key aspects of being a mechanic rather then trying to do too much at once ie. The racing part of the game a 1/4 track would be fine anyway great potential should have sold as an EA game at first
76561198306011136,Recommended,645630,34136355,Posted: 9 August,all,Slick Rick,"This game is good if you like cars. Sure it has its bugs, but so do tons of other games. The devs are trying to fix them and I give them credit. However, it does have plenty of typos and annoying things. Overall I give it a 8/10."
,Recommended,645630,34148857,Posted: 10 August,all,sRA,"Yeah, the game was buggy when it came out. Yeah the game is still buggy.Who the ♥♥♥♥ cares? I don't know how cars work, but this game is amazing.The devs are actually acknowledged their mistake for releasing it early.And they are working hard to fix the bugs ..I also spent 3 hours on restaurate a Mustang .. Best 3 hours spent on cars (virtually).10/10 would build a mustang again from 0."
,Recommended,645630,34212994,Posted: 13 August,all,BakerKC,"The game is finally playable with no major glitches. It is still missing some key features, but the Devs have been on top of patching and updating.  Much improvement from 2015 including more parts, and more importantly, more tools for examining and tools for spring compression/decompression and rim changer+tire balancer is a nice addition, though a bit tedious (but hey, if you're playing this game, you probably got plenty of free time).For all Devs out there, THIS IS NOT HOW TO RELEASE A ♥♥♥♥ING GAME.  FINISH THE GAME FIRST."
,Recommended,645630,33988808,Posted: 3 August,all,[TG]Granolian Mongolian,"Saying ""recommend"" or ""not recommend"" isn't good enough for this game, not at this stage, it needs stars. right nor it's kinda 2/5 or 3/5.The game has come a very beautiful way from 2015 however its gameplay flow has turned to slow, the wheel is a cool idea but slows down gameplay A LOT due to not having the easy short cuts like last time, or at least I haven't found them because they are different to 2015.The tutorial is kinda cool, does need a little work, like maybe show us a bit more of how to work on the cars for players new to the series.As for new things you can do I love it, spring compressor, battery charger, tyre change and balancing, finally I have the machine and can actually use it, the test track is kinda nice being a mini race strip, much better than the old one, however controlling the car still seems a bit clunky cause I can't do any nifto drifto but maybe I just suck at it.The lack of game option in the main menu really sucks, basic visual and audio controls, and as many people have already pointed out it is missing the main options PC users love, REMAP KEY BINDINGS. Would also love an option to turn off motion blur cause I hate that effect. What annoys me the most is that I can't change any of those options in game, it is main menu or nothing which is kinda irritating if I find the game a little laggy and now have to leave to the main menu to lower or raise graphics or sound options.I do recommend this 2/5 star game kinda, because I know the devs are already working hard to fix all the little problems... even while the game was delayed 3 or so times and came out looking like an unpolished turd I know they will polish it and then upgrade it from a turd to well, I don't know something better hopefully."
76561198150469926,Recommended,645630,34019094,Posted: 4 August,all,TremoR,"All the people saying this game sucks because of all the bugs, clearly have no patience whats so ever. Sure the game has quite a few bugs but the developers have been really good about fixing them almost immediately after their found. As far as gameplay goes the game is absolutely amazing, you can search through barns for those forgotten rides, rummage through junkyards for worn parts to fix up and use on your own project or sell at a profit. The opportunitys are endless. I'm really excited to see what new DLCs will come out for the game!Anyway recommended 10/10"
,Recommended,645630,34071591,Posted: 6 August,all,ChaosViking,They have fixed alot I've had vary few issues. Fun game to play when your board.
76561198137632340,Recommended,645630,34134520,Posted: 9 August,all,CaptainSo,"Bought this game when it first come out. Extremely buggy and laggy. However, after couple patches this game has turned from the wrost game in my library to one of my favorite game. Graphics is nice, physics in this game is nicely done."
76561198375742338,Recommended,645630,34136040,Posted: 9 August,all,Killem506,Love it!!
76561198048820182,Recommended,645630,34153710,Posted: 10 August,all,Monkeyswass,"I was on the fence whether or not to purchase this game between the optimization issues and the apparent game breaking bugs. I gave it a shot because I really enjoyed the last iteration of this game.With that being said, I'm running on a late model i5 processor and a 1050TI card and I have no performance issues at all. Even during the tutorial where most of the complaints come from. I also haven't encountered any bugs yet, but just shy of three hours doesn't say much on that front.Overall, I'm glad I took the plunge and I'm enjoying 2018 as much as I did with 2015. The pie menu did take some time to get used to, but it's starting to feel more intuitive."
76561198159669559,Recommended,645630,34191634,Posted: 12 August,all,TFDL,İ like this game a lot. İ was rebuild cars in 2015 i remaked cars but now in this game i cant remake cars because of my pc，im having 20 25 fps in low graphics i would love to play this game in 2015 graphics can you make lowest graphics for everyone getting low fps like me
76561198198524971,Recommended,645630,33883042,Posted: 29 July,all,mikeyjbartlett,"Weird glitch that my Y axis on my mouse is inverted.  Only on the game and not in Windows.  Bit slow, but other than that, looks okay. Probably a first release glitch I hope it gets sorted soon."
76561198067652841,Recommended,645630,33884944,Posted: 29 July,all,Thion84,I know that there is stuff in the game that needs to be fixed. But for me i like the game there has all ready been so patch work done. I have played all the car mechanic simulators. And this one i can see all ready is going to have me hooked. Playing the game with a i7 and 970 gtx and the game runs smooth and looks good. Have not had it crash on me at all and did 6 hours right away.
76561198120187325,Recommended,645630,33905736,Posted: 30 July,all,truckermat,"so i have followed CMS since 2014 and have seen some major changes as the games have developed and squales have been released, how the games have gone from been very basic and only slightly realistic to been much more acurate (not 100% but a lot more then before).anyway on to CMS18. the games uses some stroy scenario's which enable you to be given a description of what is wrong and you must repair the car. also it uses randomly generated missions which enable you to be given a parts list or a brief description ie (loud clanging noise). furthormore you are able to buy your own cars and repair them (a bit like wheeler dealers). there are many more oprtunities in the way of tools and parts compared to CMS15 and i would most certainly recommend it (well worth the delay)"
76561198098629718,Recommended,645630,33905829,Posted: 30 July,all,grey,i'am a mechanic and this game quite helpful to me
76561198138843381,Recommended,645630,33941076,Posted: 31 July,all,eZ_Mageez,its fun but needs optimization
,Recommended,645630,33948235,Posted: 1 August,all,Grulaxo,10/10 got stuck in tutorial for one hour
76561198036341134,Recommended,645630,33958216,Posted: 1 August,all,Phalanx,"Version 1.0.1 was very difficult to play if playable at all. BUT, since the release on 7/28, there has been a patch every day to address bugs and make improvements. I have games from EA that cost 3 times as much and the bugs never go away but the excuses keep coming. There is solid momentum here in a positive direction. I give the devs a high five for owning the flaws and taking them head on. I greatly look forward to more fixing, polishing and onto add-ons from the dev team. For the current owners and would be buyers, show some perseverance and patience, the addiction to it will be second nature."
76561197975000755,Recommended,645630,33960475,Posted: 1 August,all,Shade,"Whew buddy... this game is... buggy. I mean buggier than an entomologists convention. At this point people need to send this game's bug reports to Orkin.Once the bugs get patched this looks to be a solid addition to the CMS franchise. Yes, it's a bad start.  Like falling on your face straight down into a sewage manhole. Mostly it's crash bugs, you put a few hours work in and *poof* it's gone. And not in the cool ""Where Did It Go?"" way like David Blaine. More like ""Something that I invested time in disappointed the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta me"" kind of way, like David Blaine.I can't put ""I don't recommend now, but once  the bugs are ironed out it'll be great"" So I'm just gonna put recommend. Hey, the devs will never have the money to afford the debugging if we the consumer don't help them finance it. On other hand you could also say ""Why should I fund them? They sent a sick cow to market and shouldn't be surprised no one's buying."" If you like CMS and you can look past the bugs, pick it up."
,Recommended,645630,33967651,Posted: 2 August,all,~¤ Trucker Tom ¤~,"Let me first start off by stating, anyone buying this game will immediately and for the unforseeable future, have issues, either being stuck in menus, game crashing, unable to ""put a car back together"" causing the whole save profile to be corrupt, etc etc.However that said, I didn't immediately think ""omg i'm refunding"" what does work on this game is brilliant, and I've loved the time I've played on it so far. It's clearly a great game what's shameful is the people who work for the developers that didn't test this game, as anyone with a 5 year old brain can see this had problems instantly, and those problems don't just stem from because it's downloaded from steam, these problems were problems before release and shouldn't have even been released.The game itself is awesome, it's got the story behind the reason the cars need fixing for the story mode, with extra on the side jobs for extra money and exp, the junk yards / barns are interesting and the auction is actually set up so you're not literally bidding for yourself, you really do have to pay for cars there, they aren't on the cheap!Great game, enjoying it and soon it'll be up to par with the previous verions."
76561198338595483,Recommended,645630,33976389,Posted: 2 August,all,foxy 5001,i have fun its a glich for me or not i cant play story mode
,Recommended,645630,33977167,Posted: 2 August,all,Dr.Heinz,"Its a bit buggy but nothing game breaking, they are already working on patches, the community wanted them to RUSH the game and release it early so thats what you get lol."
76561198005353825,Recommended,645630,34213080,Posted: 13 August,all,benkphoenix,"Great game so far. Lots of fun,"
76561198141354133,Recommended,645630,34225846,Posted: 13 August,all,billy_bob22,I really want to play this game and my computer meets all requirerments so I got it but can't get past loading screen and it shows that i have played for 2.5 hrs what is going on...?
76561198178595847,Recommended,645630,34272736,Posted: 16 August,all,GhostBusta,First time writing a steam review. This game is massively under rated. It is an early access game so expect bugs and glitches and yes it does take a while to level up but once you get into the game it's fun. The game has the potential to be amazing and the Devs ar doing their best.If you like simulators that require a grind then get this game!!!!!!
76561198073312890,Not Recommended,645630,34283382,Posted: 16 August,all,martingiles2009,the game will not lauch try everything to get it to work nuffin work
76561198046101167,Recommended,645630,34650530,Posted: 31 August,all,Dragan,"I don't know what all these whinny weekend warriors are talking about, ""its a bad game""?, people give your head a shake, this game is awsome. ""but every game has it's pros and cons"" just hold your horses i will get to that in a min. i have played plenty of simulators in my time, but non quite like this one. its more hands on, with plenty of challenges along the way. I like how the break down of each part is very detailed and interactive unlike a game they had for the DSi back in the day called touch mechanic, very dull, boring and repetitive. i mean there is just so many things to do in this game. you got Barn finds, the junk yard, car auctions, the test track exc. The more i play this game, the more i wanna go out and buy a heap of junk car and restore it. but as i said before every game has it's pros and cons. First the pros.....gameplay is fluent with very few hick-ups, graphics are by far the most attractive feature in this game. cons, not being able to engine swap, not yet anyways. i feel that the game needs more community activities, like drag races, show N' shine comps where the steam community are the judges based on real life categories such as best dressed, best original classic, best future classic exc. more interactive options while sitting in your own restoration project car/s. a walk around while car is running to hear for any knocks or engine timing problems. lastly more customization options, air bag suspensions, lift kits for trucks and suv's. after market body kits. well there you have it, would i recommend this game to the next gear head? you damn stait i would!!!!!"
76561198400196677,Recommended,645630,34668122,Posted: 1 September,all,Smokiemcbud,"Hello Peeps,Love this game,Did have an issue when i first got it, but they have been very good on keeping up on and taking care of the bugs and updates. One thing i would like to see in game, is being able to customize your motor, putting turbos and supercharger parts needed in motors other then the motors already having them listed in game. Blowing up the motor just to rebuild it to perfection would be awesome! Then possibly able to have car meets online. This game is a must have, very detailed. Would also like to be able being able to put lift kits on or lowering kits. If you haven't played this game you should."
,Not Recommended,645630,34784030,Posted: 6 September,all,DamonnBlandd,"One of the most repatitive and most boring games out there, do not recommend."
76561198067209983,Recommended,645630,33886113,Posted: 29 July,all,N1tromad,top game 2 weeks on  it now a ggame worth buying and play :)
,Recommended,645630,33891774,Posted: 29 July,all,zephyr67,"Update: Solid batch of patches.  Much improved.Love it.  Yes, it has some issues, which the devs are working very hard to fix.  It's only been out a day and they have two updates out and a third on the way.If you are someone who gets a lot of heartburn over bugs, please wait.  But I'm been having a blast and have only run into a single issue.  This game is fun and it will only get better.There is too much wailing and fist pounding going on in the discussion board ... beware of the vitriol there.Red Dot, if you read this, I loved CMS 2015 and I am enjoying this.  I'm positive that it will join 2015 in my Favorites.  Keep up the great work."
76561198699190503,Recommended,645630,33917842,Posted: 30 July,all,shockteam666,i love this game
76561198124113012,Recommended,645630,33948521,Posted: 1 August,all,stuarts55racing,One of the best games ever made. Yes it has some bugs like every new game does. Playway is working nonstop to fix it. Thats dedication right there. Most companys would not care. Playway has did an awsome job. I recomend if your a car nut like me then get this game..... You have car auctions barn finds and junkyard what is there not to like. We have been dreaming of this in a game for years and they listend and gave it to us...
,Recommended,645630,33953050,Posted: 1 August,all,MachinedHead,So its obvious this game shouldnt have been released yet.. but it was.Its obvious there are a TON of fixes and patches needed to make this game great. They are working on it. (actually working on it)This is the way I look at... The other car mechanic games are awesome and this one WILL BE awesome too. It just might take a little while. Im willing to wait it out. The game itself is playable and in fact I personally have not run into any game crashing/cant progress/ect. I havent played that long though. If you are a fan of the series this game will no doubt be the best yet. Its just not quite there at this moment. DEVS-- Please make it so we can just use hotkeys to swap what we want to do. ergo remove/install part ect.
,Recommended,645630,33957876,Posted: 1 August,all,PickleChunks,"Despite the bugs, I love it!"
,Recommended,645630,33974558,Posted: 2 August,all,Max,"You know while people might be upset at its current state. The game is still fun. Bugs suck? Yes. Should it have been released in better shape? yes. Are they working on the game still? Yes.All that said. Its a great game. The methodic mind numbing tasks of repetitive car repairs is exactly what I wanted. The ability to find those small little challenges as I build up my garage. The time spent picturing myself in those barns looking at these destroyed classic cards. The smell of the junkyard...I mean the look of the junkyard as I wander about looking for hidden gems. Its all wonderful.In my mind, the game is great. Its fun. Its what I want. Bugs aside (which will be fixed at some point mind you) its worth its current price on sale. Its even worth the price not on sale."
,Recommended,645630,34226559,Posted: 13 August,all,TurboMonkey87,Awesome game! Very addictive!
76561198015801641,Recommended,645630,33887704,Posted: 29 July,all,[1stTX.H] Pvt. Obermann,"So, I have 3 hours in the game so far.I'd have to say I recommend the game.It was $17.99 for me, and I think that's worth the price.  The game does need some optimization done to it, but I can run the game on Ultra at 65+ fps.  It does fluctuate from 75 down to 65.  (I have an I7 6700k, 980GTX, 32gb RAM, and 850 SSD).  Also, I have not had any crashes.  One bug so far, which dealt with a rim/tire.  I saved, went back to main menu, re-loaded the game and the problem was resolved.Also, the game does do better fps wise after you leave the tutorial.  I was getting 35 or so fps in there.Otherwise, I'd have to say the game is more of the good stuff I liked about CMS 15, but CMS 18 has better graphics, and more of the things I wanted.  Backstock for parts though I haven't unlocked that yet.  Also I really like the idea of being able to go to a boneyard.Not happy about the lack of optimization, but I'll give the devs time.  The games playable for me, and that's what matters.  Overall, I'd recommend folks watch youtube videos on it, and purchase from there.  If you buy it and it's not what you want for performance, get a refund.  It comes down to what each person expects their experience, and their rigs performance to be like, so gauge it by that, and go from there."
76561198288075318,Recommended,645630,33891637,Posted: 29 July,all,Mr Fox.,this game is amazing. mostly because they have a better sytem for upgrades and new non dlc cars that look amazing.
,Recommended,645630,33944419,Posted: 1 August,all,Tye,"Really awesome fun indepth gaming experience, loving this Simulator so far. Perfect for people wanting to learn car anatomy. Few bugs yeah but full faith you guys will mend to those. A lot of negative reviews which is understandable but the more I play this, like when I first started playing, the optimization was a little weird and I kept getting things wrong and I thought maybe those were bugs, but I learned real quick that I just wasn't playing the game the way it was made. It just came down to the optimization for me, but I kinda understand why its made that way now..I'm still yet to come across a bug that will stop me from working on/finishing cars, that is why I'm giving a positive review because it's still playable and it's awesome."
76561198174931434,Recommended,645630,33979930,Posted: 2 August,all,Kobus,"This is my first review ever. I hesitated to buy this game based on the reviews. I took a chance and was quite surprized. I expected black screens and issues loading. I know I have only played a couple of hours, but I have not experienced any glitches or bugs or whatever thus far.I played CM 15 a while ago and didn't think much of it, but CM 18 has grabbed me and I will definitely spend a lot of time on this. To add I am an Automotive teacher at a college, with roughly 10 years experience in the Auto trade. For this game to appeal to me, it has to be good and some what realistic. I enjoy the fact that I can actually do what I love and not have greasy and cut hands   after completing a job. I am not saying this game will teach you how to be a mechanic, but it will surely give you a good idea of how it all fits together and having fun while learning. If this game keep on impressing me, I will probably use it in my classes for basic suspension and engine construction.It seems that the Devs are working hard at fixing what went wrong. I say give it a chance!!! it can only get better from here!"
76561198297416411,Recommended,645630,33906258,Posted: 30 July,all,Voodoo_Donuts,The dev is actually working hard to fix the problem give it time.
,Recommended,645630,33906334,Posted: 30 July,all,Tobeus,"Wow, the devs must be on super caf drinks or something.  They have somehow managed to push out a patch every day since launch fixing a TON of bugs.  We are slated for yet another patch today.Once 1.0.6 goes live I think we will be good for recommending the game.  I would not buy it if you have issues playing a buggy game, but it doesn't bother me too much.  The game works plenty fine now for the most part."
,Recommended,645630,33950338,Posted: 1 August,all,Athos,"The game did have some bugs in the begining, but they are all being fixed and should soon be all out of the game. The game is great despite of the bugs it is still fun to play."
76561197989218046,Recommended,645630,33954955,Posted: 1 August,all,WarMachineZ,I've been a fan of CMS series since the release of 2014 and i loved everyone of them. CMS 2018 have great potential and its a very fun game. Sure it have some bugs and optimization problems but the devs have been working so hard since the release its incredible! They released 5 patches in just a few days and the game gets much more stable for every day that passes. I recommend this game cause i know this will be the ultimate CMS when its finished!
76561198150305621,Recommended,645630,33955354,Posted: 1 August,all,Snugrot,"At launch, was veyr buggy; my game wouldn't even start. Now, with fixes that have come out and stuff, the game runs fine and is a good game. Trust these devs, they have a history of good games and a history of working hard. Maybe wait a bit before buying it, but as it is now, it is certainly enjoyable."
76561198238300212,Recommended,645630,34284263,Posted: 16 August,all,KRO,the game is very good i hope its gets even better
,Recommended,645630,33885445,Posted: 29 July,all,Dark Chocolate,"All these people complaining saying the games unoptimized must have♥♥♥♥♥♥computers, im playing on a 1050 Ti with a i3-6100 and its running fine for me."
76561198045791716,Recommended,645630,33943566,Posted: 1 August,all,[OG]DankCheese,"Great game, started off easy doing about 5ish brake changes then i found out if you find the option in the ""pie wheel"" as they call to save there is also a button right next to it that exits straight to main menu WITHOUT SAVING!5 out of 5! would do 5 extra brake changes for nothing! YAY"
76561198002416419,Recommended,645630,33950748,Posted: 1 August,all,Prolit,"It seems alot of the issues, I and others were dealing prior to the last number of patches, are getting resolved. I think overall this will be a better game than 2015. It took some getting used to, but now that I have trained myself to work with the changes from 2015 I am enjoying myself again. That being said, a note of warning, the tutorial does not flow into the normal game. I spent the last 3 hours working on the old beater in the tutorial and picking up a level in the process. None of that progress or money goes past the tutorial. For anyone doing the tutorial just run around the shop and read all of the popups and go to the test track with the working vehicle.  Also you have everything unlocked in the tutorial so you will be used to everything going fast, and when you are out it will feel like you took a huge step backward.9/10 would spoil myself in tutorial again"
,Recommended,645630,33956182,Posted: 1 August,all,monkeydude7230,"This CMS is in my opinion, way better than the previous CMSs, it has its flaws, but so does every game when it first comes out, but they need the community to report bugs and other issues to the Devs so that they can meke the game as good as possible for people, if you just have a go at them saying 'Your game is crap, i cant play it' or 'I'm gong to return this game because it unplayable because you devs are♥♥♥♥♥♥at your job', thats not how you treat devs that have given us a long awaited game in the series that has a few bugs that you can bypass quite easilly, if you're stuck at a black screen, try pressing escape and moving youre mouse around untill you hear the clicking of the menu items, move your cursor to the top of the three, and click, this is the return to menu button, when you click continue, you will return to your game at a recent point where the game did an autosave, then you can continue with what you were doing, easy as flicking youre nipple!"
76561198203351649,Recommended,645630,34266471,Posted: 15 August,all,jordan_cornett2007,good game with developers actually trying to fix the issues
76561198154627316,Not Recommended,645630,34704763,Posted: 3 September,all,Protocol_Z,"I really want to enjoy this game, but there are too many bugs and other problems that the development team need to address. I have 17 hours on what should be a some-what stable game....but in those 17 hours I've had to start 9 new games because my saves get corrupted.I'm stuck in beginner, brake changing hell and honestly tired of all my work being reset. I did enjoy the game for the first several hours but wait before buying this or you'll be deleting and restarting all your save games back to the beginning."
76561198059298931,Recommended,645630,33871968,Posted: 28 July,all,TheAzureAK92,"Few things i must say up front:I got this game for 10% off.I only played 3.6hrs at writing this.I had to wait 3-4 days past the initial release date to play this game.I had several issues when i was finally able to play it.But Guess what? They already fixed several issues Day One of launch!Yes its typical for reviewers to immediately talk trash about something that has had a bad day one launch. So i'm going to spare you the drama, and give you a game focused review today.For those of you today that are looking at this game and wondering if its worth you money; especially if you have already paid for the DLCs for the 2015 edition. I can assure you right out of the box the value is there if you don't mind reworking your way to having no idea what needs replacing.Most of you who are looking at this game's screen shots might see some of the UI and be wondering the changes. This game is designed to be console/controller friendly. You won't have to line-up the Oil-catch manually but this make oil changes all the faster to do. The radial menu will take some getting used to. I found myself constantly opening it up since right click used to be for interacting (assembling/disassembling) with the parts. With some practice whole actions can be done with some quick mouse clicks.This brings us to the next change i like with this version: which i will call ""complex parts"". Things like the tires, brake calipers, and even the entire engine block can be removed and have smaller pieces fixed. The total vehicle is more complex to diagnose and the equipment used to handle tires are time consuming to use for better or for worse. Thesepieces assume an overall condition based on the total average.All and all, once you get used to the new UI and short cuts this game is just as good as it's predecessor. Coupled with the buy-in-bulk shopping options and the revisited upgrade system, you'll start to feel like your garage is ever evolving rather then just becoming more comfortable to work in."
76561198115961162,Recommended,645630,33883159,Posted: 29 July,all,Hamsteren,"Can some please fix the issue were, if one mounts a part and then presses escape the part bugs out and goes into NaN% status, then no part of the same kind can be mounted.It's really anoying."
,Recommended,645630,33884508,Posted: 29 July,all,Another Sad Day hellcase.com,"This game is great, but I have a few issues:-FOV, please fix this. I get easily motionsick from low FOV and would like to have the option to change it.-Sensitivity, it is a bit high at times and a bit wibbly-wobbly. Also a setting that I would like to have the abillity to change.-I want to be able to press Esc to get out of the cake menu as well as the ability to press 1, 2 or 3 for the different modes like in the last game.-A general lack of settings to play with. Not necessarily a bad thing, but still a point that I would like changed.-More engines, Boxer (Porsche, Subaru) and V4 (Ford Taunus)So far the game runs like a potato, so do not expect to be able to play this on ultra high settings (unless you have a really really good GPU). It is just like the last one, but a lot better with a lot more stuff to play arround with."
76561198006715661,Recommended,645630,33891652,Posted: 29 July,all,Cromium,"Yes this game has unexcusable bugs at launch, but that doesnt take away that this game is insanely fun.Put all the bugs aside, and you will see a jewel of a game."
76561198193167158,Recommended,645630,33884976,Posted: 29 July,all,kingofthedepths,Good game.its a little buggy but hopefully will be fixed soon
76561198257029719,Recommended,645630,33885698,Posted: 29 July,all,simsboy221,This is an amazing game setting all bugs aside
76561198023598497,Recommended,645630,33887052,Posted: 29 July,all,MourningStar,"UPDATE 8/12/2017Most of the game is now squared away. Though having to reach level 30 to repair cars you can start buying at level 12 is a little silly. But other than that the skill tree structure is awesome. The junkyard is still amazing. I am really enjoying this game now that they fixed everything.UPDATE August 4, 2017Sooooo they droped a huge patch and it fixed A LOT of the problems. A LOT. The enter bug I mentioned. Gone. Still some remain, like doubling of parts that are not actually there. But they just released a new patch as I wrote this, so maybe that is fixed too. The game is infinitely more playable now.The Junkyard is LOVE <3. So many good trinkets and cars to be found. My garage is two lifts wide now, working towrds the paintbooth and a third. I had been running it on High performance against the advice of some... and things are running smooth. The glare on some of the cars can be odd at times, but that's about it. Hope these updates help! I recommend the game as always! Especially now!#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorDear All,we are deeply sorry for all those problems with the game.There are way too many bugs, We are aware of that.That kind of situation never should happend.CMS 14 and CMS 15 have around 90% steam review scores, so we are really disappointed by CMS 18 score.Mostly - by our actions. We made too many mistakes on release.You have full right to be angry at us, to be disappointed. To make refunds. We deserved it.We - are disappointed. We worked on CMS 18 since 2015, right after CMS 15.Whole this series, each part - it's like a baby to us. We love those cars.All mistakes we made, are very painful.But if you still have a little faith in us, please wait a few minutes, hours, days - we are working on fixes 24/7. We won't stop until CMS 18 will be perfect.Please give us a chance to fix our faults.We can't find words to express how much your support means to us, at these difficult times.We owe you a great game. And we will deliver it.----------------------------------------Red Dot Games / PlayWayUPDATE: So apparently if you play for too long, the game will eventually ""freeze"". You will complete an order, but all the graphics will be frozen in place. You can open the radial menu but the graphics glitch and the frames are displayed in a psycadelic trippy way... however cool it may look, it breaks the game and you are thankfully able to save, exit, and reload the game where you left off. So yeah, more bugs. But the game is still fun... when it works. Also, reverse bolts on the tires, they come out the right way, but when you drill 'em back in.... they are backwards and screw from the inside out. They'll get this fixed though, as there has been a constant stream of patches since I have purchased the game fixing many of the issues people have voted the game down for. I still recommend!END UPDATE:Beautiful game. The graphics are amazing. There is an improved skill tree that has even more unlocks and paths to choose from. The cars look really polished in the game and sound great. I love being able to expand your garage the new tools like the Tire Balancer and an actually functioning oil catch pan are a great touch..... Now.... for the bad.There are still bugs. BUGS. Bugs.Be very careful when you hit <Enter> in a menu to accept something, most of the time it works just fine... but there are times it glitche the games camera settings. Like when using the Tire Balancer. If you click Accept with the mouse, it is fine... but when using the <Enter/Return> key.... the camera freaks out and I have to hit ESC to solve it. There are other bugs too, like on the test path. Once these get ironed out though, and they will be ironed out.... the game is going to be spectacular instead of just good... which is what it is now.So, if you played CMS 2015 and have racked up a ton of hours, much like myself, I am pleased with the game. Very pleased... and I can tell it is something I am going to spend even more time on than '15 because of the additional features and beautiful graphics."
76561198161973456,Recommended,645630,33891949,Posted: 29 July,all,propilot2002,its a good game very buggy now but still good
76561198050076856,Recommended,645630,33948384,Posted: 1 August,all,Bravo_two_Six,"This is a great improvement over CMS15, however at current there are a few bugs and issues that need resolving, none of which are game breaking.The graphics are excellent, far better than they need to be but I'm not complaining!The improved UI is a 50/50. I like how its been reworked, but its lacking in changeable settings, you can't turn off motion blur, which tanks my frames.Cons are mostly minor. The in game radio doesn't seem to work, along with a few features, such as the engine hoist or the repair table. But the developer is very good at rectifying these issues, as they where in the other CMS games.Its also not explained how you can unlock the auction & scrap yard. or maybe I missed it?Current score. 7 / 10 :)"
,Recommended,645630,34112183,Posted: 8 August,all,VCR Thunder,"This game has potential, however. the controls are very clunky at best. i hope they go back to the old tool system. i hate that i have to assemble the brake cylinder in the brake caliper all the time.(i have never needed to take out the brake cylinder IRL). it should choose two combination automatic. and if you don't like them, then you'll change them. i should also be able to just press enter if the selection is good. instead of having to click on the button. really gives the game mechanics a bad flowThat said. i think this is a good game."
76561198032402303,Recommended,645630,34242504,Posted: 14 August,all,Vonemar,"The game is good, I am finding it enjoyable and innovative. I live in a family of car mechanics so I can tell you that it is more arcade than realistic, but well done and fun. Nice graphic, interesting game design and a few limits that I guess they can cancel with the next patches and mods. A couple of things that I like and dislike.PROS- It is really cool when you serch for pieces and cars in the scrapjard.- Quite easy and fun to make money, you have soon no big economical problems.- To restore a shining car from a block of rust is simply amazing, if you are searching for this, CMS is the game for you.CONS- Testing circuit and Race circuit are quite useless. C'mon guys it is 2017, I don't ask for something like Gran Turismo, but it was not so diffucult I guess to add a couple of circuits and some AI...- Forget about free roaming, you cannot use your car to move on the map, this is a shame.- No customizations, are you serious? I've finished my rx7 and I cannot add neither a spoiler? I am not asking body kits and tousands of pieces, but a few spoilers and lights could have given that personal touch to the restored cars that makes the difference.Final Opinion: potentially a great game, it feels a bit unfinished like the dev. team has finished the budget before completing the game. 7/10"
,Recommended,645630,34265817,Posted: 15 August,all,FullyDoved,The UI is a bit clunky to move around but once you get used to it you can do a full tear down of almost any suspension or engine component in only a few minutes.I've enjoyed it and look forward to what the dev's can come do with this title!
76561198179646587,Not Recommended,645630,34282627,Posted: 16 August,all,BlerStar95,Right now it's dosn't work for me and i can't refund it now because steam has miss calculated the time played this sucks
76561198061372910,Recommended,645630,33882694,Posted: 29 July,all,MoonMoon,the game is nice and i cant understand why ppl have fps problems. i was now stopped from playing anymore cus of a bug that hinders me from putting some wheel on. but at the end i realy like the game but i'd recommend ppl to wait abit til they've fixed the bugs
76561198032474815,Recommended,645630,33882922,Posted: 29 July,all,Joni Kanoni,"I only played a few hours. But I have to say: I really enjoy playing the game. Looks like there are some new features compared to the 2015 version. I can't say anything more at the moment, but my first impression is positive. Maybe I'll redo the review and go into detail, when I got further into the game."
,Recommended,645630,33885734,Posted: 29 July,all,Sujitsu,"Usually you get what you pay for. This isn't the case with CMS18, few bugs and kinks here and there, but I'm not going to complain. This game runs fairly well and will only get better. Cars are detailed and look great even on medium settings. The amount of parts, tools and upgrades will keep me playing for a very long time. I got into CMS15 a while back to learn more about cars and CMS18 expands on the learning experience in a very positive way. If you want to purchase a flawless game, give it a few weeks, but if you can deal with a very few bugs, which almost all of them can be worked around without any real fuss, it is certainly worth picking up."
76561197994486693,Recommended,645630,33886095,Posted: 29 July,all,ADF-Snake,"This game is amazing. It's got so many more tools and parts compared to CMS15 and different licensed cars, Dodge and Mazda! It's good fun for simulator fans. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,645630,33887026,Posted: 29 July,all,Rizaza,Great game made it about 2 hours in with some minor bugs ( had to buy new rims cuz the old ones just vanished).Anyway now i need to replace an air filter on a dodge which is not available from the store? :(
,Recommended,645630,33976231,Posted: 2 August,all,2013 Ford Fiesta GT,"The game should not have been released in it's current state but, the devs update the game like it is in early access. It is a lot of grinding though to get upgrades and what not. I overall enjoy the game even though I came into it with no knowledge  of cars."
,Recommended,645630,34267577,Posted: 15 August,all,KorbenDallas,"Game has a lot of room for improvement, and can be very satisfying to restore classics.  Would love to see ability to engine swap, supercharged modern v8 in a Challenger please."
76561198014992575,Recommended,645630,34740183,Posted: 4 September,all,admiral392,Funnest and most satisfying installment of the series yet.
76561198081806437,Recommended,645630,34285716,Posted: 16 August,all,Customised,"Started playing at version 1.1.9, only bugs I have experienced have been a couple of duplication erros and getting stuck on the crane requiring esc out and going back in. Otherwise plays fine so far.I really enjoyed CMS15 so it was disappointing to see a the game being taken to market without being ready, and without even being early access to justify it. This is just not on. The pie menu system is pretty crap and would benefit from the old keyboard shortcuts, and an xp restoration bonus is a must. On the plus side, the new content and particularly the new oil drain system are great improvements!The community has been really vocal with excellent suggestions for new features, and I feel that as long as the devs are willing to listen and provide ongoing base game feature updates and support to an ETS2/ATS level,  it will eventually be brilliant. I'm willing to stick it out and see this game come to fruition based on their previous release. Let's just hope it's before 2018."
,Recommended,645630,34770824,Posted: 6 September,all,glottis_theill,Controller support is not actualy working as intended I guess. Other than that game is nice and addictive. Should improve. 6/10
,Recommended,645630,33891593,Posted: 29 July,all,furrerere;_;,"Poor optimization.Alot of bugs, lag."
,Recommended,645630,34511465,Posted: 26 August,all,SpecG,"So Far So Good. I encounter some minor bugs but its fine, probably will be fix soon. i hope in the future they will release some multiplayer features like carshow or coop . For now im enjoying it."
,Recommended,645630,34476822,Posted: 25 August,all,Letras78,"Very good game in general. Some bugs every once in a while but they get fixed in the next patch.Developers are making a great work. 23 updtates in less than one month.The game should have been Alpha and Beta tested.Never the less, it is a great game, already have a few hours in it and never had big problems (touching wood right now).I recommend you buy this game and leave a good review, since it is the only Car Mechanic Simulator we have and it is a very good game to start."
76561198064832783,Recommended,645630,34211365,Posted: 13 August,all,rechtmasta,"This is my very first review for steam.Why I picked up this game? Because I feel that this game need a justice for all of fun its gave me for the past hours. This game is like Zen garden for me, its make me think, calming myself and feel satisfied. All in one package.Yes it is full of bugs and hiccups since its release, however...I notice that every week (if I cannot say every day it is), the developer launched some fixes for this game, even for quite some negative reviews the had received since the launching. This kind of developer is what we need nowadays, not some sort like cowaardice bunch that after several negative reviews they throw out their games into recycle bin even though there already peoples bought their games.What I need now from the deveoper is more customization for the car, especially when we rebuilt a junk car. Please give us some sort of methods to alternate its body type, engine (put a turbo/supercharge into a default N/A machine, etc).Keep up the good works!"
,Recommended,645630,34430807,Posted: 22 August,all,adman4898,Great game with lots detail
76561198345953013,Not Recommended,645630,35154218,Posted: 23 September,all,bob the gamer yt,it wont load and when it does it crashes
76561198361323691,Recommended,645630,34585456,Posted: 29 August,all,firezombie528,this game is moddable but how do you get mods for it but other than that its a great game
76561198007881716,Not Recommended,645630,35050451,Posted: 18 September,all,tubros,"Liked 2015 version, but this have issues though devs are patching it is along way from 2015.In late september 2017:I had microstuddering (lag) constantly, the controls and userinterface is clunky, unintuitive and just strange.Requested refund, maybe worth testing again in 2018."
76561198091732658,Recommended,645630,33867208,Posted: 28 July,all,stoneyd85,"Fantastic game, love the new features.There are a few bugs and glitches (not many games these days release without them though), none of which are game breaking in anyway. Full credit to the developers who have been rolling out updates to address these too, very good to see.(Running on a i7-4790 and a 750ti just fine)"
76561198063131584,Recommended,645630,33866443,Posted: 28 July,all,Colton,"Brought my GTX 1060 6GB to its knees. holy bad optimization batman, this game is really buggy!cant get a constant good 60FPS on even 1080 MINIMUM SETTINGS! :( used to running all my games in 4k. I have hope in the future this will be fixed. its still a good game."
76561198033481135,Recommended,645630,33868706,Posted: 28 July,all,xplregulator,"Exactly how i thought it would be, love being able to pull motors in one shot, and you finally get to pair tires and rims."
76561198015926050,Recommended,645630,33869350,Posted: 28 July,all,Muddlez,amazing game 5 star
76561198054562272,Recommended,645630,33870088,Posted: 28 July,all,Crazeslash,"I have bought this game the first day it came out. I do not have anything bad to say about it like most of the butthurt people who were so hyped about this game and disappointed when they got it. OBVIOUSLY there will be issues, glitches,  etc. The game just came out. The developers will fix them, its not the end of the world. Developers were already under pressure for delaying the game. The game is great and reasonably priced. If you want a good game experience, wait a week or 2 before buying this game to have the devs fix the current issues."
76561197996107667,Not Recommended,645630,33870719,Posted: 28 July,all,DWIGHT K. SCHRUTE,"Have alot of experience with their games but the games is brokenvirtually no graphics settings, jagged graphics, horrible lag and stuttering.It will be good but for now just steer clearGTX1080I7 7700k16 ddr4"
76561198003653026,Not Recommended,645630,33861550,Posted: 28 July,all,Major Payne,Unfinished. Unpolished. Shame. Game crashed and can't continue. Why do you release a broken game???????????????
76561198071886084,Not Recommended,645630,33865279,Posted: 28 July,all,Triacylglycerol,"Framerate issues abound - i7, GTX 1070. Yeah.However, they haven't done proper QA on their menu systems. There are still some options that are in their native language I cannot read so I have no idea what to do.I eagerly await the game and will give it a chance - but wait for a patch or two for them to flesh out things that should have been caught in their PROPER testing/QA cycles.Spelling errors in the UI? Really guys?No slider bar for the volume controls? I have to click to increment past 100 to 0?There are literally 0 options under game customization."
,Not Recommended,645630,33861646,Posted: 28 July,all,aula1,Not optimized. Hopefully a patch will come soon but I would wait for other reviews after the patch before buying.
76561198134436635,Not Recommended,645630,33860109,Posted: 28 July,all,ikbarrass,i will not get it let the frame wate is to low
76561198272039022,Recommended,645630,33859948,Posted: 28 July,all,AC/DC ROCKS,For the people that say no mouse in the start menu just use the ♥♥♥♥ing arrow keys dip♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198044600613,Not Recommended,645630,33868038,Posted: 28 July,all,Steve Govaerts,Ok so after playing for 2.9 hrs I would say that I have to start all over because when I went to the test path the game frose with me in the car and could not get out of it. I had to kill the process of the game and then found out that it didnt save.  I have also had to buy more parts because the parts just keep disapering.  The game is also very laggy for something that has been worked on for so long. If you plan I buying it dont untill they figure everything out whenever that may happen. I will not be playing this anymore till it is fixed and then if I am happy I will be changing my review untill then my review stays. The Test Path is not working for some cars so be careful otherwise if you did not save you will loose everything.https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/852722169826961912/D365BCECBD9FD48042F20651DD75E324FF4DE29B/
76561198100014043,Not Recommended,645630,33868348,Posted: 28 July,all,firepheonix2,"So ive played for 2 hours and here are the issues. No mouse sensitivity setting. Poor optimization. I have a gtx 1080 and the game doesnt run well. No option menu for setting while in game. There are a lot of annoying bugs.  I still havent recieved a call for any jobs to do to make money. somehow ill buy 8 new pistons for the v8 and once im installing them some of the new pistons i bought dissapear. i had to buy 13 pistons for 1 car because they kept dissapearing when installing. also idk if there is a proper way to install bushing into control arms but when i install a new control arm with new bushing somehow when i assemble the control arms and bushings it manages to destroy the quailty of the bushing, this also happens with the brake calipers and the brake psitons, ive had calipers dissapear from the inventory too when trying to assemble them. the game should have a tutorial mode to get you used to all the new equipment in the game. I also used the welder to fix the body of the car but the window trims still show up rusted. game also doesnt tell you what rims and tires to buy to replace on the car. it doesnt tell you what size, offset and tire info  to replace on the car.  Also the lift is annoying to work with. it has 3 stages. on the ground, lifted to just get tires of the ground and the third being raised up all the way. now clicking on the lift will raise the car up but the second click will either randomly lift it up all the way or drop it back down. also the toolbox leveling system doesn't make sense. it says later level lets you unlock different rooms but from the start i already have access to those rooms. so all in all i see a lot of potential but im just not too happy with the state of the game right now.  I will update my review once i see improvements."
76561197970515679,Recommended,645630,33868733,Posted: 28 July,all,titusda,"Great game, runs great, and is all the fun you can have without pouring a court of oil over your girlfriend and calling her bruno.At the time of writing this review I've got just under 2 hours into the game I've progressed to the point I've done a ew of the story cars and am leveling up my virtual Jimmy (My IRL mechanic).I really like how you now have to combine parts to do certain tasks i.e. when putting pistons in the engine you need both a piston, and rings or brake calipers need a brake cylinder.  This is a great game and it runs great on my AMD FX-8320 with a AMD 480 Vid card I've been getting an average of 90FPS but it has spiked up to around 120-130 and as low as 75-80.   Red Dot has made a great game and I'll be enjoying this one for a few years to come and highly reccomend it to any virtual mechanics."
76561198134539936,Recommended,645630,33864422,Posted: 28 July,all,^4 Jake,"Where to start? The game feels so unfinished. The tutorial isn't the best and could be improved alot. The upgrade points don't even work? Or if they do, the game doesn't tell you how to use them. You can't even use the dlc that you purchase until you've leveled up alot more in the game, which takes a long time. The loading screens take too long to load simple things like adding a car to the lift. Apart from that, the graphics are insane and it's a very smooth game. I will keep grinding so I can get that RX-7 eventually :P Few things to be worked on, but apart from that a very good solid game."
,Not Recommended,645630,33865020,Posted: 28 July,all,Mr.Mad,"Do not buy this game.This game is an awful, buggy mess.The developers of this game are making every kind of excuse in the book to blame the problems of the game on the player, instead of the clearly faulty software. Just read their FAQ, it's almost funny how they try to blame all the optimization issues on the user. They even tell you to ""change the textures"" which isn't even  an option in the games settings.But the real culprit in this disaster is steam themselves, how in the world would this game get a full release in the condition it is presented in now?"
,Not Recommended,645630,33868085,Posted: 28 July,all,Swat3Sniper,"Well, after finally getting the game to load its still a disaster.Nothing works.. Screens freeze, game play is buggy and almost impossible to do anything with. They release a patch to fix one or two things and break 3 or 4 more in the process. This game is a complete joke and we (the players) are the punch line..I don't know at this point that I will ever change my rating for this game.. I bought the Deluxe edition as soon as it was available and jokes on me, none of the DLC works.. Its like the game doesn't even see that it is there.This is not even justifiable as an ""early release"" game.. It is GTA-V Online all over again.. Except that R* evenutally got the game to work so this is even worse.. Better than half of the promised features are missing or broken. The graphics on ultra look like something from 1918 . . .If you are interested in this sort of game I IMPLORE you to just keep looking!!!This is not a game, its an externship for PlayWay and RedDot that YOU have to PAY to be a part of..The only plus side to this game is everyone who has purchased it and tried to run it can now add software development to their resume cause we're all doing the work while the game devs sit back and laugh."
,Recommended,645630,34426867,Posted: 22 August,all,bennett_fain,"Love this game! The developers are doing a great job rolling out updates/patches and i've had minimal issues. If they do end up adding tuning, the dyno and more parking for personal cars this game will easily be worth $20! Good job Red Dot!"
,Not Recommended,645630,34787058,Posted: 6 September,all,hunterkiller_92,"From the little bit I have played this game it is a waste of money. The older ones are better. Poor optomization, I cant even load the game in 4k as when Im in 4k res, I get a black screen on every load of the game. I have no problem playing GTA V, Withcer III, Skyrim Remastered, and many other AAA tittles in 4k. But this game wont ever load into menu. I load it up and instantly am meet with a black screen. Not worth the money regardless."
,Recommended,645630,33863814,Posted: 28 July,all,Simon,"WARNING: Be aware that currently (July 28th, 20:30 UTC) the game is more in an early access state than a final game.It is a bit bug ridden, parts disappear on assembly are the quality of a new part is reverted to it's original quality (happens with rubber bushings that need to be combined with other parts e.g. suspension arms)Regarding the gameplay itself there are some new features that I really like. Compared to CMS 2015 you now have part groups that need extra tools to be disassembled/joined like rim+tire, shock absorber+spring+cap.Thanks to abovementioned bugs I couldn't proceed too far to check the new auctions, barn findings, engine removal etc."
76561198177104991,Recommended,645630,34654752,Posted: 1 September,all,Belenyer77,"Kind of confusing at first so take your time and explore the garage and you will be ok.if u want more cars get the dlc'sgreat gamemultiplayer racing is something this game really needs and a lot more vehiclestinted windows would be nice to see but again i hope they are still working in this gamei know its supposed to be a mechanic simulator but honestly drag racing against other players would be amazingbeing able to tune your engine, change your tire pressure, and even adding a nos kit or supercharged systemSpeaking about cosmetics....neon lights for sure and interior color customization"
76561198215820188,Recommended,645630,34673991,Posted: 1 September,all,nateohart,I like the game so far but umm. My game crashed and when I got back in all of my customer cars became my cars and I had a car in my test path that is now in the middle of the office
76561198397109897,Recommended,645630,34472581,Posted: 24 August,all,tylerblizzacc2121,"im having problems with game not getting to or right past the part where i createa game, any ideas how to fix that? I have a good pc well able to run this game."
76561198095544608,Recommended,645630,34530717,Posted: 27 August,all,Tschami,"I've been a gun person all of my life, and I have always had an interest in most things mechanical. There was, for quite some time however, a notable exception: cars. I've always liked them, but I never made any effort to understand them. Here lately, I've developed an interest and have been grabbing anything I think will help me familiarize myself with them. When I saw this game, I figured It may be worth it. Having only played about 2 hours as of writing this review, my initial impressions are good. The game is fairly simple, reminiscent of some gun disassembly games I played on my iPod Touch when I was younger. It doesn't hold your hand too much, but still has an arcade-ish feel in that you can get to some parts without removing others that you would absolutely have to in the real world. Despite this, I applaud the game for allowing me to see how some of these parts interact with one another, and how and where they fit within the overall machine. The jobs I've taken have been on many of the same make of cars, but hopefully as I expand my shop, I'll see more variety. Overall, I like the game, and I hope development continues at a quick pace."
76561198206341023,Recommended,645630,34557233,Posted: 28 August,all,Tylerppjay,I think its a great game yes there are some bugs from time to time but overall its  a great time im happy they have fixed the problem with not being able to go to the car salon and all the other bugs that they have fixed so far.
,Recommended,645630,34595590,Posted: 29 August,all,Excalllibur!,"Wow. Yes, I know Optimastion of this sucks. But its still a great game!"
76561198414430701,Recommended,645630,34520200,Posted: 26 August,all,timellison20,"I love love love this game, its alot of fun, but the glichs' of having to buy the same part time and time again has cost me alot of in game money. To the point where I have to right a review for the first time on any game."
76561197969792273,Not Recommended,645630,33864650,Posted: 28 July,all,toughy,"I'm a bit disappointed (for now).The game currently seems to be riddled with bugs (including loosing/breaking items!). But more disappointing is, that they didn't see that coming. Postponing it for 7 days didn't really help, and after all, that move feels more like an emergency break on the last minute. And I don't really believe it was either steam's approval nor the 2 languages which originally lead to the 7 days delay. It was more an excuse to ""polish"" the game further in the meantime. (that's why it took exact 7 days ironically...)Anyway, I know the last title and the patches and updates very well, and I think Red Dot will deliver them here as well, but for now I would suggest to wait before you buy. Your experience of a maybe soon beautiful game (like the previous title is) could be ruined. But if you wanna help the developers, consider the current state of the game as an early access title and buy it, I'm sure it will be really good sooner or later.I'm a software developer myself and I know how hard that business can be, but sometimes you need to be honest to your customers, and more important, honest to yourself. And if the need arise, delay the project (but much earlier and for more than 7 days) Or even make it an early access title! As an early access title it would have been considered solid in the current state. Rushing out a potentially great game never helps anybody, instead it only hurts your reputation...However, I'm looking forward to the patches and especially the multiplayer mode. If they do it right, they will definitely get a thumbs up."
,Recommended,645630,34844557,Posted: 9 September,all,Bipsy,"I'm a mekanik.I'm a mecanick.I fix stuff.Don't gett offended, I saw this on a coffee mug once.You may play this thinking ""I can learn the basics of stuff""  Heh.What drugs are you smoking to be so enthusiastic?It'll teach you general locations of bolts & nuts.Not the tools you need, or preperation that needs to be done.SO, before you get overzealous, be sure to do research before trying to fix the wife's minivan and finding out there's an adjuster that wasn't shown in the game and sit there like an idiot not being able to set the drum brake rotor back on.Don't judge me.  You don't know me.  You're not my real mom!!!Overall, it's enjoyable and is a good game to play when you're just in the mood to sit down, and relax."
,Recommended,645630,34886705,Posted: 11 September,all,Deamon,its a great game to play. i like that you can find a crap off a car on the junkyard and restore it to perfect condtion and sel it.Only what i like to see in the future is that you can by tuning parts for the looks off the cars and also for the engine.
,Recommended,645630,34792076,Posted: 7 September,all,BlackBeetle,"Awful released tainted this game. However, it's running (mostly) completely fine. If you were hesitant of buying this due to bugs and whatnot, you can buy it now.The game itself is a very solid improvement over the last iteration, def worth the 20-€"
76561198068477991,Recommended,645630,34797577,Posted: 7 September,all,chris,"Not a bad game but could be alot better if these could be added, more types of cars, be able to custom build , hire staff and better way of selling either car parts or restored cars"
76561198276860160,Recommended,645630,34883780,Posted: 11 September,all,Juhotuoma,"This game is super awesome! Lot of things to do and realstic part and car prices.-You can change parts of your car-You can remove rust-You can paint a car-You can charge batteries-You can do a path test, to test your car brakes or suspension-You can park your cars to your own car parking place-You can use interior detailing kit to clean your interior-You can go to: Racetrack, test track, barn and junkyard and you can find a car for you and buy it, you can buy junk parts from barns and from junkyard, you can go to the car salon and buy a brand new car for you, you can even go to the car auction!I am very proud of this game, and the quality-price ratio is great!"
76561198090599056,Recommended,645630,35169093,Posted: 23 September,all,ALLiSWell,Addicted games ever !
76561197966342181,Not Recommended,645630,33867398,Posted: 28 July,all,NicoliZero,"I highly do not recommend this game. I purchased it going against the other reviews on here. This game is not optimized and has glitches/crashes all over the place. After repairing the 3rd ""story vehicle"" the screen goes black and you are forced to close the game using task manager. This causes a full reset since you are unable to save at that point.The graphics menu is limited to ultra/high/medium/low, the developers are recommending that everyone run the game on medium To ""fix"" their lack of optimization. This is for a supposedly complete game, wow!! Stay away from this game please!! I only hope I can get my refund since I put in slightly over 3 hours!"
76561198141819742,Recommended,645630,33860400,Posted: 28 July,all,[ISFYLG]HenchmanAce,"Sep 28 @ 12:42The last review I wrote was 2 months ago and boy has this game really come far. As of now, it's pretty well optimized; I'm able to crank out 30-40 fps on low settings with my current system(i7-2600, 12GB RAM, GT420), and I haven't found any bugs in a long time. So as far as optimization and bugs/glitches go, it's pretty much fixed! :) The game has almost all the settings and options needed and of course the content, oh the content is lovely! The only thing that the game is missing is the option to save a game without having to go back to the main menu. Seriously, props to Red Dot and Play Way, you guys have really turned this game around. Just remember to add the option to save a game without going back to the main menu. 9/10 from me.Jul 28 @ 1:27So here's an update from my last review; they've already released a new patch which is great. It fixed some, NOT ALL, but some of the bugs. I also feel like the game runs a tiny bit smoother. From 12 FPS I now get 15-16. They've also added a mouse cursor to the menu. My rating goes up to a 5.5/10. However, the game still crashes really easily and it's still not optimized. The only reason I'm being nice with this game is because of the developer. The developer of this game is generally really responsible with thier games and I remember posting a bug report on their forums for CMS2015 a few months ago, they replied in 20 minutes and had a patch out roughly 1 hour later. If that's not responsability, I don't know what is! Since CMS2018 is their first really hickup, I'm willing to be very forgiving. As of now, I can recommend it but with a hitch; It's still not optimized and fully fixed!!Jul 28 @ 1:03The game adds alot. It's definitely a massive upgrade from CMS2015. However, it also has some serious problem that would have really warranted an early access release! The game is horribly unoptimized. Even though my computer is quite old and outdated, (i7-2600 3.4GHz, 12 GB RAM, and la piece de resistance Nvidia GT420), I've been able to run games like Rust, CS:GO, etc, you know hard games to run on low settings and get satisfactory frame rates. However, here, I've seen reviews where people who have i7-7700K, 16GB RAM, and a GTX1080 weren't able to run this game on its highest settings. The game also has a lot, and I do mean a LOT of GAME BREAKING bugs! Screen goes black when exiting something, main menu doesn't have a mouse cursor so you have to use arrow keys and enter, and not to mention that the in game GUI is broken as there are no ""back"" or ""exit"" options. As of now, I cannot recommend this game. Again, it would be 10/10 material; it's got better textures, it's gameplay is very deep detailed, it's a great game! But, it's broken and unoptimized. Once it is fixed, I will change my recommendation and give the game the rating it deserves. But as of now, it only gets a 4/10 from me."
76561197976591567,Not Recommended,645630,33859964,Posted: 28 July,all,Inositol,"***Updated 31/07/17  v1.04***Ok first off I will start by saying the game is actually good unfortunately, I cannot in good continence recommend a full release game on the promise that the game breaking bugs and features that were supposed to be in the game will be added.Here is the reason that I will not recommend the game in its current state.1) Game breaking bugs. (Lots have been fixed not all).2) Missing features.3) There are still some minor annoying bugs (not so important).4) No optimisation and lack of video options.5) Tutorial that is well not really a tutorial.Now if you can put up with some game breaking bugs possibly corrupt saves and the hope the missing features are added in the future.The game is actually very similar to CMS 15 however they have added a fair amount of extra content that is good when the game is patched and features added maybe more the game would be as good if not better then CMS 15.The added extra content makes the game seem to have a little more to do, unfortunately it left me a little wanting more, not that I am saying it is bad I think it comes down to price is it worth $20?Yes. I think with the content replay ability and mod support it is worth the money. I would have been happy paying $30 - $40 and having a game with more features and things to do, but I will have to wait and see when all the features have been added."
,Not Recommended,645630,33868305,Posted: 28 July,all,Egoon,"wanted to give this a try, even do seeing the negatives and my conclusion is: REFUNDED....-mouse acceleration in the menu. and the rest of the game and no way to turn it off...-no control menu ... so f U if you have AZERTY...-walking is very strange if you let go of the controls it walks for 1 sec longer, turning left or right is almost imposible you have to turn your vision first?-crashes when you use the electrode meter. so this is what ended it for me...."
,Not Recommended,645630,33869426,Posted: 28 July,all,Steven Liu,poor so far. lots of bugs and poorly optimized.
76561198134829389,Not Recommended,645630,33871497,Posted: 28 July,all,jhedeye,"Game is not optimized at all and has some game breaking bugs. First game I started I had two cars on the lift with no info on what repairs were needed. In fact I was able to sell one for $70k and replaced every part on the other car but even after this I got no new jobs. In addition some parts of the car get bugged. Replacing an  upper arm with two bushings at 100% they somehow revert back to under 25%. When I remove the part and try to put it back on it disappears from my inventory. Even if I buy a whole new assembly the same thing happens. Some parts repaired to 100% also are not useable as new parts. The game doesn't recognize them in your inventory. Until issues are resolved, cannot play or recommend purchase."
76561198203583936,Not Recommended,645630,33866704,Posted: 28 July,all,SOLIGER: BEST 97,i was waiting awhile for this and hypted then the optimization was crap its so lagy i have an amazing computer 16 GB and i7 still lagy
76561198151215708,Not Recommended,645630,33868281,Posted: 28 July,all,Youtube/Wahoo TV,"So literally, start the game and already start with a full garage. Completely upgraded. Ruined my fun of going forward. I keep restarting and keeps on giving me a maxed garage with 2 cars completely restored...... and no one is calling the phone so I can make money..... So literally don't release a game unless youve patched a majority of the glitches and problems. I shouldnt be fighting a game I can't truly play"
,Not Recommended,645630,33870561,Posted: 28 July,all,The Dude,"At this version, meh..."
76561198167205604,Not Recommended,645630,33870751,Posted: 28 July,all,Stalin Senpai Balin in Hyundai,HorribleHow can you make a 20$ game so demandingRuns at 3fps on minHow why that hype f#ucked usGame is good thoUn playable because of displayGet 2015 it's actually a working and good looking game
,Not Recommended,645630,33858367,Posted: 28 July,all,I'm Poppy,My save got corrupted after 3 hours. dont buy it
76561198124049732,Not Recommended,645630,33859366,Posted: 28 July,all,Minerals,"As of July 28, 2017, the game is between 30 and 50 fps, studdering, and graphically blurry on my overclocked gtx960m, where most games run well on medium to high and look great. Do not concider purchasing until it's patched. If it is not completely fixed soon I will refund the game."
,Not Recommended,645630,33859602,Posted: 28 July,all,EvilToaster,"(Mouse is not working in menu. therefor i can't start a game. not playable for me at this moment.) Game is now playable but still poorly optimized, they should've waited for release and really made the game good and playable right away."
,Not Recommended,645630,33859651,Posted: 28 July,all,Riley2142,Garbage
,Not Recommended,645630,33859784,Posted: 28 July,all,Nonbinary Polyamorous Wolfling,"HORRIFICALLY BUGGY at the moment. i have been stuck in a low reolution mode after exiting the car menu every single time. the screen has turned black on certain selections, random crashes etc. NO options from 2015.. very simplistick graphics options (low med high etc) and minimal game options (language only) feels like a seriouds step down gameplay wise from 2015, really dissapointing."
76561198048735959,Not Recommended,645630,33867099,Posted: 28 July,all,BOOMSUCKA,do not recommand this game at this stage... very buggy and frame rate is awful
76561198322919831,Not Recommended,645630,33869007,Posted: 28 July,all,okan90902,very bad game
,Not Recommended,645630,33870432,Posted: 28 July,all,Disposable1138,"As of this moment, I would NOT recommend this game. The game has numerous bugs, specifically, game breaking bugs where you get stuck and cannot access any menus and you actually have to tab out to force it closed.Additionally, fundamental mechanics don't seem to work, for example you may get a car that needs an easy tire job, but the rim/tire combo for the car is not actually available in the store.Parts will just completely disappear when changing them from various stations.The game is a major resource hog when it should be able to run on 7 out of 10 potatos.The game has a lot of potential but I highly advise NOT getting it currently."
76561197969678550,Not Recommended,645630,33859075,Posted: 28 July,all,enchanter100,"Within .3 hours I've had 2 game crashing bugs where I've had to alt+f4 to exit out of a blank screen.  I don't mind playing in medium to get good fps because I didn't notice much difference in graphics anyways..  But until this is fixed up, don't recommend..."
,Not Recommended,645630,33860455,Posted: 28 July,all,LoneManWolf,Very buggy. Poorly optimized. Delayed because of stupidity of developers... wait for a huge discount to buy this.
,Not Recommended,645630,33860790,Posted: 28 July,all,Definitely Phil,"Awful optimization, awful mouse acceleration, awful video options/gameplay options(there are almost none)..How did this happen?I'll be back in a month to see if it got better :("
,Not Recommended,645630,33866032,Posted: 28 July,all,Marty!!!11!!1!,"Unplayable.This game has more bugs than I have skin cells. Parts dissapearing, the test range not functioning and forcing me to Alt + F4. I had to buy 6 lower suspension arms and 10 rubber bushings just to replace 2 arms! These bugs don't even begin to scrape the surface.So far, all this game has done is infuriate me. If you want a game that involves car building then I advise My Summer Car. That game is in early access and it works flawlessly. This game is supposed to be completed. There are missing parts in it on top of all the bugs! Who was this tested by? Bear in mind this game was also delayed.I want to like this game. I really do. I adored the previous games. It needs to be fixed really, really quickly."
76561198140005344,Not Recommended,645630,33866870,Posted: 28 July,all,KrisDatGuyツ,Cant repair cars because to much bugs
,Not Recommended,645630,33867162,Posted: 28 July,all,L1nksss,"I loved CMS 15 and started to love this game. I was so ready to give this a great review until i minor bug turned into an unplayable and unacceptable bug. I could not install a front shock absorber where it was clearly meant to go, so i saved, exited to the menu, and restarted the game. I come back to have my same profile completely reset back to level 1 and $4000. I had saved an exited plenty of times today to know that my save should be fine but it wasnt. 4-5 hours down the drain."
76561198137633616,Not Recommended,645630,33868673,Posted: 28 July,all,andrew12172,"I have been waiing for this game to come out and i expected it to be very ironed out since it was pushed back a week.....but it is more like an early access game. It is hard to run, has pently of bugs, like parts disappearing after you buy them and it has even stopped me from playing because it is so bugged i cant repair the car. requesting a refund and will maybe consider this game after a few patches. i loved csm 15 but this...this is a disappointment and im disguised i paid for this game even with the discount. Wait awhile before buying this game"
76561198026073696,Not Recommended,645630,33868998,Posted: 28 July,all,LizardK101,"I can't recommend this game as it is released. This game should be really titled as ""Early Access"" as there are so many bugs and issues with it. There's the awful controller based UI which when using a mouse and keyboard feels like it shouldn't be there, especially as this game is launching first on Steam and is yet to be given a release date for consoles. Making it console based control system does it some discredit and is a pain to use. The performance issues are what you'd expect from a new release but to the point where most Graphics cards are having to be put on medium or low settings to run it really makes it pointless to play on a PC, why have customisable graphics if it's limited no matter the capability? There's (ironically) mechanical problems with the game from parts going missing from inventory items, to parts appearing in the middle of the garage on the floor randomly and save games being deleted or corrupted after taking on DLC cars. It's not playable now but there's some good ideas, some gameplay that looks posiustive but at the moment it should be classed as ""Early Access"" because the devs have still got a lot of work to do and I'm hoping it won't take too long."
76561198082439142,Not Recommended,645630,33870003,Posted: 28 July,all,sauretturrets,Great concept but the game is lacking optimization. I cannot run this game for longer than 5 minutes and then it freezes and lags terribly. I have high hopes for this game but it needs some work first. not trying to degrade the game being it is launch day. Just wanna be able to play it.
,Not Recommended,645630,33858585,Posted: 28 July,all,ACuBe,"car bug sim 2018.When the firtst thing that hits me when i start a game is a massive load of game breaking bugs, u get dissapointed. they had the time and the means to make a great game, it feels like yet another consol ported game. witch is sad,and my biggest problem is the lack of settings and a decent tutorial. looks like they have used the time to cram inn as many fetures as possible.all i have to say at this point is go and play Transport Fever. or another game off your liking. and lett this one wait."
76561198063883664,Not Recommended,645630,33858830,Posted: 28 July,all,loganmadden,"my complaint is that the graphics settings require you have a super computer, and there is no low graphics setting, if you go on low graphics it barely changes"
76561198119514053,Not Recommended,645630,33859041,Posted: 28 July,all,Z!P0,this game is ♥♥♥♥ed
76561197987027019,Not Recommended,645630,33859421,Posted: 28 July,all,zOmbIE,"""Tutorial"" is laughable, they have you look at the new tools, but don't do anything to explain the new user interface, which is horrible, game feels laggy regardless of settings.Odd that there were no reviews showing when I bought it a few minutes ago and now it's ""very negative"".Avoid like the plague.*edited for spelling*How on earth are the fanboys writing entire reviews saying how poorly this game runs on powerful systems, and then giving the game a positive review?THIS IS NOT AN EARLY ACCESS TITLE!"
,Not Recommended,645630,33860181,Posted: 28 July,all,Bepis,"THE GAME HAS BEEN OPTIMIZED AND ITS PLAYABLE!However there are still some really big issues for example the limited settings and the pie wheel menu system is clunky and awkward, its like it was made for a console then ported over."
,Not Recommended,645630,33861264,Posted: 28 July,all,Azylum,very very buggy
76561198202797274,Not Recommended,645630,33866793,Posted: 28 July,all,snarevandamm,"i have about a lifetime logged on CMS2015. great way to unwind. THIS however, has undone all that relaxation in a few hours. this needs to be patched NOW.GOOD:*access to Mazda - a personal fave*new garage, new look is pleasing*more indepth tools and partsBAD:*game is slow and menu is made for controllers. 'simulation' my behind.*items disappear from your inventory, cannot sell some items*menus are irritating*no key rebindings*parts seem to degrade even when you replace with parts that are 100%, making some jobs un-complete-able*'story' mission descriptions are squeezed into one small line, meaning that you have no bloomin idea what you are supposed to do!*no quick keys for the various modes like CMS 2015.*using the test path REQUIRES a controller to function. no joke.I wish this QA would stop happening to games on release. unacceptable. i would strongly recommend waiting for a patch - because this game has/had potential, but it is a broken mess on release."
76561198040325676,Not Recommended,645630,33869565,Posted: 28 July,all,DieselRam2500,Cant finish a repair on a truck... Need to put on the timing belt... but guess what.... it wants me to put the timing cover on first..... FIX IT!!! MEOW!!!  ALSO cant access the engine on a Charger... have to click on the rad first then more to the engine... Then i tried to remove the air filter base... says i cant access it from the top... Serously? its on top of the engine!!!
,Not Recommended,645630,33869928,Posted: 28 July,all,Gibson,"Their QA team is full of Goats, because this game is Baaaaaaaaaddd."
76561198289162322,Not Recommended,645630,33859064,Posted: 28 July,all,✪ Oliver,plz don't buy
76561198102566667,Not Recommended,645630,33861135,Posted: 28 July,all,DangerZone,Game keeps crashing. I have a gtx 970 and it's running around 80 degrees on medium settings.  Soo many bugs. And they had an extra week. Love the series but it's another waiting game to be able to play. Game is currently frozen.
76561198033568589,Not Recommended,645630,33866170,Posted: 28 July,all,Life needs lemons,"I've bought this game seeing lots of negative reviews so i says F it...Well yes the FPS is bad but i just lowered the settings but there is still bad FPS loss.THE WORST PART OF THE GAME!!!! - When trying to replace parts, the game if failed. Will take away another part of the same type!!! Say you bought 8 bushings. You apply them to your car. Replace one and you lose one. WTF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. If you don't replace the lower suspension PROPERLY you lose EVERYTHING!!!!.Do not buy this game like I did. Not worth it untill they fix EVERY SINGLE PROBLEM!!!"
76561197970159801,Not Recommended,645630,33869134,Posted: 28 July,all,Pops,In its current state stay far far away. I haven't experienced the optimization issues others are experiencing which would be expected day1. But all the other bugs should have been ironed or at least reduced. This is at best a late alpha or early access state. Major bugs are parts within parts will reproduce or get deleted depending on being uninstalled or installed into the car. Path Tester is broke or so unintuitive you can't use it.The GUI is a mess. Some things have no text but error messages. Others are displaying the incorrect message. Not a bug but huge design flaw is the GUI very unintuitive. You use escape back out of some things while others you use right click. Played for 2 hours and still couldn't get my hand to cooperate with the GUI.  Some things you click once and others you hold and click.Like I said earlier on stay far far away from this unless you're into late alpha testing.  But other than this major flaws and some other annoyances this is a pretty fun game if you're into this or like Car Mechanic Simulator 15.Probably will change my review if this game gets updated. Really dispassioned such a developer pushing a game to full release state when it is not even out of late alpha.
76561198390091332,Not Recommended,645630,33870008,Posted: 28 July,all,charles.compher,"This i ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T I paid for this game but yet can't even play it,. It puts my computer into sleep mode. I'm so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥how do I get A refund?"
76561198138791102,Not Recommended,645630,33871186,Posted: 28 July,all,Bunta,"This game is incredibly unoptimized.Im playing on a computer with a gtx 1060 6gb and a i5 6600k and it runs 40-50 fps on medium settings.Theres also countless bugs in the gameI would not recommend it in this current state, this is more like a early access"
76561198030787406,Not Recommended,645630,33858953,Posted: 28 July,all,SomeBoredGuy,"- No mouse on main menu screen???- WOW!!  Big downgrade in graphics performance from previous version!  I had to set it to ""Low"" to get a consistant 60 fps just walking around the garage.  Don't even think of setting it to ""Ultra""!!  Unless you want to have siezures from screen freezing and blurs.  Really guys?!  Your game is nowhere near the level of a game that would be considered a graphic intensive game.  It is not even with in the same relm of such games.  Yet you are not able to get a 60 fps performace even at ""Medium""?  I  hope they address this very soon.- So far I have only noticed one bug.  Items removed from a car disapear.  Same is true for items purchased.  They are nowhere to be found in the inventory.Win10i7-5820k16gb mem2x GTX980Update:  The mouse is now working on the main menu."
76561198009763115,Not Recommended,645630,33860682,Posted: 28 July,all,Andy,"Not properly optimized as other people have already said, and i feel like there is a little bit of a lack of guidance about the game unlike cms 15. suppose the optimization will be fixed in due time but a little bit disapointed about the mechanics of the game its self personally."
76561197993662363,Not Recommended,645630,33866154,Posted: 28 July,all,johnsonch,"This game is a buggy mess.  Some are game breaking, IE the test path failes completely when entering.  Some just do not allow you to complete missions perfectly, like there are now combined parts that when you put them back together keep the old values of the parts when put in even if new.  The sad part is I really liked car mechanic simulator 2015 and I am sure they will fix the bugs in this one, but right now it is a do not buy until they at least get the first patch out."
76561198004742391,Not Recommended,645630,33867028,Posted: 28 July,all,rens100,"I rated this game a NO for now. But this just for this moment. The devs told us that it'll be better.Pro's- The other two games of this series were great.- This game has potentialCons- If you do not have a high end pc, don't buy this game (for now).- This game is not finished- It's extremly laggyWell, I give this game a mwahh for now. I love the previous CMS, but for now.... it's  a mwahh"
,Not Recommended,645630,34823044,Posted: 8 September,all,SwiftTropz,Not worth any money.Full of bugs and the graphics are damn ugly...I've refunded my money.
,Recommended,645630,33860417,Posted: 28 July,all,Fortuna,Great game only bug so far was mouse cursor wouldnt work but soon fixed by clicking on a tool. Have not encountered other bugs mentioned in reviews - it is release day so people should except bugs and i have also not had any problems with graphics or performance - in its current state i would give 7/10 - well done and thank you for a great game i look forward to seeing it improved.
76561198003425277,Recommended,645630,34186636,Posted: 12 August,all,Attila[DK],"game is much more fun once u get used to the Ui (which sucks)but its a real paun to get where the fun is... u have to be leve 35 to actually dont need to fix Mrs Robinsons old rust bucket... the game wins on patienceoriginalLooks pretty detailed...but its UI amateur-night! Lots of clicking with very little instruction and intuitiveness. on the brink of giving up....but it looks too detailed to leave behind....will go back and try again...but UI is just...ridiculious...the tutorial is HORRIBLE!! cant leave it...google...you must go to ""test track"".. .ok fine.... how to get to test track ...google ""you must drvie a car"" ... ok...""car needs oil""...ok how to fill oil in ...gooogle...ok...drive the stupid, childish testdrive where you cant ruin the car....lol...finally finished it.. and a dialogue box occurs, where the idiots switched yes and no so that I hit NO and I start all over ... NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODear developers: Get help from a UI expert.... DELETE THE TUTORIAL ...ITS TORTURE....Finally got out of ""TORTUREIAL!"" Went to car salon...cant get out...oh hit ESCAPE and then select ""return to garage""....what to do??? oh a car needs new brakes....""make some space in front of main gate to make room for car""..??????? OH MOVE YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥AWAY....WHAT A HORRIBLE UI .........HORRIBLE..."
76561198041053762,Recommended,645630,33869327,Posted: 28 July,all,Low Key_Loki,"I've not had any issues with the optimization (running an i3-7100, gtx 1050ti, and 8gb ram) Been great for the first hour and havent seen any glitches. Will update if anything changes."
76561198002779741,Not Recommended,645630,33869211,Posted: 28 July,all,AlexV,"Quality currently is complete crap - mouse unusable, no key hints, performance sucks even on 1080 etc. Should wait for patches..."
,Not Recommended,645630,33869171,Posted: 28 July,all,HSGingerBiscuit,How they decided to release this game in this state I don't know. Completely unplayable. Did a fantastic job with CMS15 and to release this has ruined their rep big style. Wouldn't recommed downloading untill they have fixed most of the issues.
,Recommended,645630,33862532,Posted: 28 July,all,TheBluePoneWithRainbows,amazing fun
76561198067093270,Recommended,645630,33884644,Posted: 29 July,all,HyperSpaceDude,Great game and all ways being updated to fix small things
76561198325440664,Recommended,645630,33887355,Posted: 29 July,all,KTunedSleeper,"The game is not really tht buggy like a lot of people say. yes it has bugs, its been 2 days, give it time because it has potential and it does have tons of new features you will really like. I would recommend buying it foe the discount and waiting for updates  because they have been doing a lot of fixes, dont be hard on them. I run this on medium on a 940mx and a i5 6200u"
,Recommended,645630,33888026,Posted: 29 July,all,JohnBart,"NOTE: Review is based on version 1.1.9.I am happy to change my negative review of CMS2018 into a positive one. While I still think that the disastrous launch of the game is unacceptable from any game company regardless of their size, Red Dot Games proved that their promise of working hard to fix the game were more than sincere. They pushed out a patch almost every day since the release, each making the game more stable, better, and more fun to play. There is of course always some room for improvement, so let me start with some cons, continuting with the pros (of which there is, thankfully, much more now).CONS:---------- CMS2018 generally runs well (at least much better than it did on launch day), but it's still quite a resource hog. It's more annoying though that the overall visual quality and size of the levels simply doesn't warrant the recommended specs needed for the game. While the Garage work area and the cars themselves look very nice, the garage and the drivable tracks are small, the latter looking just a tad better than GTA IV. Which might be a compliment if GTA IV wasn't an almost ten-year-old game with a massive, AI-laden level about 100x bigger than all the maps currently available in CMS2018 combined. I guess you get the idea: I still think that the game could use some optimization, especially with CMS2015 in hindsight, which was much better in this respect (except its loading times).- Some occassional bugs (mostly tool- and part-related) pop up sometimes, but nothing serious. I'm sure that the team will keep ironing those out with the daily hotfixes.- The tutorial still feels to be an afterthought. Mind you, I didn't have any problems getting into the game, but that's rather because I played a lot of CMS2015, so I had the required practice already. At the same time, I don't think that throwing a fully-upgraded garage to a newcomer along with a couple dozen pop-up tips would really help them properly get started. The tutorial of CMS2015 was more helpful, I think.- The mouse sensitivity settings feel odd, mostly because the game is using a much higher sensitivity when walking, and a lower one when being in Assemble-Disassemble Modes. I suggest using the same sensitivity the whole game, as is the case with CMS2015.- I still miss the assemble, disassemble and examine tool hotkeys from CMS2015. It would make gameplay more comfortable I think.- The English and Hungarian localizations could use a little proof-reading. I've sent several corrections to Red Dot, I hope they'll consider updating them.PROS:---------- I cannot overstate how laudable is the post-release diligence of Red Dot Games. Not only did they admit that the release was rushed, and apologized to all the players waiting for the new episode, but more importantly, they kept their word, and worked basically non-stop in the past two weeks to patch it. As much as I was disappointed two weeks ago, I really do admire them now. Kudos for not leaving the game in the junkyard, and making it better every day!- The new garage looks very atmospheric and very detailed. It's a joy to work in and expanding it.- The core gameplay is the same as in CMS2015, and works just as well. I won't claim that by playing this game, you'll become an expert gearhead (the cars simply aren't detailed enough for that, even though all of them consists of hundreds of parts), but it provides a pretty solid basic understanding for every layman on how car's work, and where the most important parts are located. The solid puzzle-simulation gameplay is just the icing on the cake.- The game contains lots of new cars, and all of the (unlicensed) cars from the previous episode, even the ones added in CMS2015 in post-release paid DLCs. Kudos for this!- Interior detailing is a new nice restoration feature. Benches, seats and steering wheels can also be replaced.- License plates are a nice plus. Though they break immersion a bit, as we get to repair cars from every corner of the world, so we cannot really specify where our garage is located. :D- The career mode and career progression is much more streamlined, with a more extensive tech tree and a lot more nice stuff to unlock via XP points.- Lots of new tools in the garage compared to CMS2015 to play with (wheel balancer, wheel repair tool, spring loader, engine crane, etc.). The complex parts consisting of sub-components are also a nice plus.- Besides the auctions, cars can now be bought from showrooms, junkyards and barn visits as well. They don't really reinvent the endgame of complete car restoration, but spice up gameplay and make it more diverse.- Besides the test track, cars can now be taken to a race track for joydriving, and a drift track is also in the works. I hope we'll also get to see a drag track as in CMS2015.- Lots of good music, and an in-game player that also supports user music as well.In short, I'm happy to change my original review, and recommend this game as a must-have for gearheads, people who love LEGO Technic, and basically every casual sim fan. I'm by no means a gearhead, but can't stop playing CMS2018. Keep up the great work, Red Dot Games!"
,Recommended,645630,33892928,Posted: 29 July,all,PussyCat,"This is a really good looking game, and i like all the new features and i like the new controls (when you just get use to them) BUT! i hate there is nothing you can change in the settings menu. There is so many glitches, i can't play the game cause i'm stuck i need to change the oil filter on my barnfind and everytime i try to do that the screen just turn black.. Just fix the game A.S.A.P.I recommend the game.. But don't buy it now"
,Recommended,645630,33912132,Posted: 30 July,all,Frosty :>,Changed my opinion on this game.They worked hard on getting rid of the most crucial bugs etc.In its current state its playable but there is still minor bugs in the game.
76561198152127793,Recommended,645630,33916616,Posted: 30 July,all,John Entwurfe,Its really captivating and it really has a lot to do compared to Car Mechanic Simulator 2015. If you loved the last one buy this. its great! Performance issues are being fixed and when they get it done this game will be fantastic for everyone.
76561198083110490,Recommended,645630,33929840,Posted: 31 July,all,MartNezz,"I love the new additions to the game.  So far I only got to Level 9 So i have yet to experience everything the game has to offer.As far as it being a newer released I find the games runs pretty good but I have had some issues with the game freezing up when I got to complete a job.  Not a big deal as the game still lets me save and return to the main menu and I just load up again and pick up where I left off.WARNING.....if you are already progressing through a game and press the ""new game"" button by mistake(when in main menu) it does not ask to over write the current game... it just does so I have lost all of my game from my first game.  Had to start right back from scratch."
76561198003206630,Recommended,645630,33930599,Posted: 31 July,all,Dhelv,"Second round of edits.I fixed five cars in a row on Sunday without any crashes or glitching.They're REALLY working hard on making this right. I think that's fantastic. Good work, Devs - please keep it up!Recommendation changed to a thumbs up, because I really enjoy this game and genre, and since it now seems to be recovering to a state where I can play without losing progress any more, I'm really happy with it right now.(For those playing along at home - I bought the DLCs separately, because why not. They're honestly trying - and succeeding! - at fixing the game. I might have saved a few quid had I waited, and that's a little annoying, but for how much I enjoy the game I don't mind all that much.)---EDIT: So they're really honestly trying, it seems, to fix the issues with the game. It's getting better with every patch (=every two to three days), but I'm still having loss-of-progress crashes, menu hell, and all sorts of guff like that.I'm an early adopter, so I get that this is going to happen. This one's had a real rocky start though, but I'm enthusiastic to see it restored to its true potential.It'll get a thumbs up from me the first time I can actually play through two hours without losing progress or having screwy stuff happen.Edit ends.----So I bought this on launch with 10% discount. There's now two more DLCs out with 10% discount, a week after release. That people in those reviews are complaining about as incomplete.If I bought it in a bundle with those DLCs I'd get 19% discount.I feel like I'm being punished for my enthusiasm. Disappointed, Playway SA."
76561198274519161,Recommended,645630,33930656,Posted: 31 July,all,Cornwell,this game is great but i wish their was a 32 bit versionof the game
76561198263454819,Recommended,645630,33945539,Posted: 1 August,all,StunnedBro,"First of all, yeah, its way too buggy, but also, the devs team is working hard to make it bugs free, which is something we cant deny .... anyway, away from the bugs and their never ending stories, i find this game addicting, intuitive and fun to play ... i do recommend it , but if bugs you are sensitive to bugs or got some allergic reactions to them, wait for a month or so ....EDIT> this is ANNGER MANAGEMENT SIMULATOR 2018EDIT> Now i can actually call it a playable game, thans devs for making it better"
76561198034066892,Recommended,645630,34004490,Posted: 3 August,all,Jon Raptorthrust,"Edit: Major improvements with patch 1.1.  Tools now work, textures are improved.  Still needs some work here and there, but I'm now recommending this game.I want to love this game very much.  CMS15 is one of my most-played PC games.  So when I saw CMS18 had been released, I clicked the Purchase button with the intensity of a supernova.  Having played for several hours now, I can say, with some regret, that I cannot recommend this game in it's current state.At it's core, there is a great game here.  The foundation is clearly built on previous iterations, but more detail has been added, with many components having sub-components (pistons have piston rings, wheels can be broken down into rims and tires, etc).  There's a lot of customization options as well, and with the introduction of the Mazda DLC, we now have rotary engines in the mix.  Throw in barn finds to mix with the auction system, and this should be a recipe for success.There are two major issues here that I can see.  First, I'm not a fan of the new interface.  It looks like it was introduced for console versions, but on PC it feels clunky and unwieldy.  Switching from Remove to Install to Examination mode is tedious, particularly as most of the keyboard shortcuts don't seem to work anymore (the tablet shortcut is still working, thank god).  I'll probably get used to this (it already doesn't bother me as much as it first did), so this isn't much of an issue.The real problem is the glitchy bug-riddled state it's been released in.  Diagnostic tools like the tire tread depth gauge and fuel pressure tester do not work at all.  Components will sometimes just hang in the air when re-installed, not quite aligned the right way.  Textures are all over the place.  Most annoying is the black screen that appears after finishing a job (necessitating a return to the main menu and reloading).The good news here is the devs are acting in a very responsible manner.  There have been multiple patches released, and I've seen several issues solved already.  They're basically being the Anti-Warner Brothers, patching and fixing a broken product.  While it is shameful that the game was released in such a state, it is reassuring to see them cleaning their mess.Will update after the next few patches have been released after progress is made, and reevaluate my recommendation."
,Recommended,645630,34082201,Posted: 7 August,all,WaffledandDangerous,"Obviously this game is still lacking a bit in polish, but based on the  how fast the devs have been addressing issues, I'm not too concerned about it.It definitely seems like a lot of bugs have been addressed, I played yesterday for the first time (new to the series) and got maybe 8 hrs. in with no serious bugs at all.I actually like the radial menus as well, they're extremely awkward at first but after an hour or two you'll learn to navigate them at lightning speed.The graphics are smooth, and the performance is good, other than the loading times when switching areas, which seems like it still needs improvement.The jobs are fun, I like how there's a mix of ones where it's just ""these parts are broken, replace them"" for some quick money and ones that involve diagnostics like ""my car makes funny sounds, fix it"" for when you're feeling amibtiousThe leveling system is nice as well.Overall, I think it's just a great game and it'll get even better as Devs continue to fix the issues."
,Recommended,645630,33887720,Posted: 29 July,all,7TacoKing7,"I don't know why people are complaining about the bugs and the issues, the game was released a YEAR before the expected launch (2018). We probably haven't developed the necessary technology to unlock this game's maximum potential."
,Recommended,645630,33893724,Posted: 29 July,all,langbakk,"I was looking forward to this game. The previous installment, Car Mechanic 2015, was fun, albeit a bit limited, and I was looking forward to a developer taking all the positive and negative input and making a bigger, better and more involved game.Unfortunately, that's not what happened.Currently, CM 2018 is more or less unplayable, with a ton of bugs, and something that feels like it should be in beta-stages more than anything else. Unfortunately, this has been released as a full game, at full cost (with some incentives if you owned the older ones) - and for the money, this game is NOT WORTH IT, currently.I am still a fan of the game-play (when it works), but I'm NOT a fan of a developer releasing something this shoddy, and not even updating with information about what is being done, nor warning new customers. That is just bad form, and not something I can condone.The devs have obviously been working overtime. There are still a few bugs, but none of them (at least for me) is game-breaking. The achievements don't work (yet), and there are minor issues plenty of places (misaligned parts, minor nuisances like missing graphics, a DLC that is hit or miss, and more), but the devs are really trying. Hence, I'm changing my vote torecommendalthough if you haven't bought it yet, I would still maybe wait for a week or so, to let them update it a couple more times."
,Recommended,645630,33916334,Posted: 30 July,all,postwarpreston,"So first off I started with two random cars in my garage. My skill points are a negative 29 for some reason. And I’m not getting any phone calls, I can’t go to the auction, junkyard, or anything else besides test track and my garage. Other then that the game is nice but I have no cars to work on and can’t get anymore. What am I supposed to do??"
,Recommended,645630,34170101,Posted: 11 August,all,Nation of Noobs,"Car Mechanic Simulator 2018.... I've had the game since launch and although the lanuch was extremely buggy and there were a multitude of game breaking glitches, they have been almost entirely fixed. The developers actually do care about this game and are pumping out patches on almost a daily basis at this point. Kudos on them for reconizing that they made a mistake at launch and are doing everything they possibly can to make this the best car mechanic sim  ever. There is still a couple glitches here and there but nothing that I've found to break the game right now.So, my suggestion is that if you're on the fence about purchasing this game, do it!"
,Recommended,645630,34171032,Posted: 11 August,all,Randy,"I was very happy with the commands of CMS15, but here they moved everything into menus accessible through the mouse; I keep pressing always the same keys and buttons. It's frustrating they had to change everything. I though my computer would play it neatly but apparently it doesn't: 2x HD5870 aren't enough.Oddly enough I didn't encounted any buggines the others experiences."
,Recommended,645630,34171431,Posted: 11 August,all,nathansmith2009,So i am finally going to write this review.After 2 weeks of playing the game for a combined total of 73.3 hrs (at the time of this review)I can finally say Red Dot Games/ Play Way have a great game.Yes the first few days was rather rocky what with all the bugs and that but the developers have made me proud and happy i brought the game. As they show complete dedication to the game as they worked day and night to patch up all the wrongs in the game as well as this they listened to suggestions and even improved the game in certain areas and that shows that they have our best interests in mind. I like the way the game plays and its certainly an improvement over the CMS15 game. Barn finds and junkyard are also a great addition to the game as it allows me to go find parts to repair the cars and buy junk cars to either part out or repair to mint condition i tell you there is nothing like taking a totalled car and making it usable again. My only problem with the game this far is it takes to long to level up so you dont get the welder and paint shop which you need to complete your car builds so its kinda pointless until your about level 30 im not going to lie i skipped this with the cheats the developers supplied as i had lost a level 20 save and couldnt be bothered with trying to work my way up again. i do have a another level 16 account which i may return to in the future but its going to be hard to let go of the paint shop and welder as i like building the cars up and leaving my own mark on them. ill say this now its a better time than any to go buy this game as it wont leave you disappointed you can see it didnt leave me disappointed especially with the hours ive played so far
,Recommended,645630,34171504,Posted: 11 August,all,Nxth Howes,"This game had a rough start but only weeks after the release it is much better and polished to play, avoid the day one negative reviews as they are obsolete now with the many game updates that have fixed the majority of bugs and added more features into the game. The devs have been working non stop to give us customers the best experience possible and they have succeeded in my eyes. This game is very much worth the purchase if you enjoy cars."
76561197972381114,Recommended,645630,34177226,Posted: 11 August,all,aell,"Overall a great game...Yes there were problems with the game at launch, but the developer has been dropping patches daily and while some bugs do still exist, many have been patched.  We're starting to see new features now where placeholders have been and more are on the way.  While these should have been in the game at launch, I agree with the developers choice to prioritize bug fixes over additional features which could introduce additonal issues.I'm not a fan of the ""wheel"" interface the developer chose to implement.  Assuming this was done for the console releases this time around.  It still needs a little polish in some areas, but it's definately playable."
,Recommended,645630,34177565,Posted: 11 August,all,Lagkill,"The initial release was a bit rocky, which is probably why there are so many reviews, but the devs have done right by the community. They've been delivering daily patches and haven't been in hiding. Their presence is felt in the forums.That being said, if you liked the other CMS games, you'll like this one too. It's not just more of the same, although let's be honest, there is a lot more of the same as well. New tools in the garage make certain processes more realistic. There is also a lot more skills to be gained by leveling up and a few ""story"" jobs that add some color to the experience of simulating fixing cars.This isn't a huge improvement over CMS 15, but it is an improvement,"
76561198195143033,Recommended,645630,34182239,Posted: 11 August,all,patch.7,"Very impressed with the post release support this game has received, the game did release to a rocky start but it has come leaps and bounds since then.If you're the type of person that likes to tinker and see how things work, this is a fantastic game. Lots of attention to detail in the mechanical modelling, lots to fix, and lots of different options of car to work on, from basic family hatchbacks to muscle cars and luxury European models. Additions of the engine crane, barn finds, various engines and trim levels for different models, removable glass and license plates, story missions, and tyre changing/balancing were a pleasant surprise having come from CMS2015.The UI was quite different at first (cms2015 was full of keyboard shortcuts, this is more graphical), did take some time to adjust but I feel I have the hang of it now. Have played it with my Xbox One controller as well and it seems to work nicely. Test driving is definitely a nicer experience with a controller.I am looking forward to seeing what improvements and add ons the developers have in store for CMS2018. Will easily sink hundreds of hours into this."
,Recommended,645630,34191229,Posted: 12 August,all,kNOwofTHekING,"Only tried this out for a few minutes and my first job because of work and my vehicles IRL, and it does play a weird.-BUT-I've been keeping tabs on what the devs are doing, and God Dayhm are they working themselves trying to fix it.I can definitly see myself sinking a lot more time into this game, and am glad the devs are trying to make the game better than at launch.Here's to hoping for a Ford Ranger DLC lol"
,Recommended,645630,34201280,Posted: 12 August,all,Coding Carl,"Quick and Simple: Comparing to CMS 2015.Pros:Better Graphics,New Garage,Expansive Leveling system,New Locations,New Features,Devs constantly patching game,Cheap.Cons:Buggy,Bad Tutorial,Wonky controls,No manual.If you like the game series, then I would recommend the game. The Devs released the game in a sad state, but they work on it everyday and it shows. It is quite playable now. Furthermore they are quite active with the players in deciding what features to make and what to improve."
,Recommended,645630,33871499,Posted: 28 July,all,Omgplease,HYPE KILLING STEPSSTEP1:Read comments about low FPSSTEP2:Buy the game anywaySTEP3:Get frustrated and think about refunding
,Recommended,645630,33872173,Posted: 28 July,all,GhostSniperPro94,"Thank you Devs for rolling out the updates needed to make this game some what playable, BUT the game still black screens. it black screen while moving the jeep suv to the car lift, this bug is very annoying because you loose all progress in the game up to the last save. I went from 1000xp to 395xp because of it. TIP if you buy this game save everytime you finish a car, TIP for the DEVs add an auto save when you all get a chance please.I recommend this game BUT be aware that it has its major bugs atm sadly.System specs:windows 10 pro32 gb rami7-7700kGTX 1080Ti"
76561198036810210,Recommended,645630,33879669,Posted: 29 July,all,deaddemondude,"*Review Altered due to patches being made*Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 is a supped up version of CMS15. There is the same basic get a job and fix the car that was in CMS15. There are new parts added, like Caliper Cylinders inside the brake calipers. The menu interface has changed and now brings up a pie menu with all of your options which can be a bit clunky to use at first.Some improvements over CMS2015:~Engine Crane has been added, making working on the engine easier~Oil drip pan auto moves, so you wont accidentally misalign it~Stat upgrades are more numerous and it has more variety~Tire seperator and Tire balancer have been added~INTERIOR PARTS~You can now paint individual parts~Story based jobs give a bit of variety~Barnyard Finds give a new meaning to project cars"
,Recommended,645630,33882823,Posted: 29 July,all,Dhall243,"Very Buggy out of the gate, really wish there was atleast a little car modification, like RX7 Rotary engine in the RX3 or change to another style wheel. Maybe in the future."
76561198040552578,Recommended,645630,33886964,Posted: 29 July,all,Tanzier,"So far this proves an admirable successor to CMS2015.  The level of detail is definitely amped up, which I thought was going to be cumbersome but it hasn't really made it much longer to restore a car.  It does make it a little more challenging to achieve 100% restoration though as it's hard to find problems or missing parts.  I love it though and in fact would love to see even more.  Let's get some hoses in there .. fuel & brake lines, fluid reservoirs.Love the new paint shop liveries, and ability to choose different rim and tire sizesI would like to see body customization options, which is noticeably absent vs 2015, and am really looking forward to performance mods.Despite the launch issues, this is a great game and well worth the price.  Looking forward to some more DLCs and community car mods."
,Recommended,645630,33888049,Posted: 29 July,all,EVO (how to fix turbo lag),"I truely like this game, i put a review a few days ago and later found some interesting fixes i will leave here. Be patient and they will eventually work out the bugs, but it is still very enjoyable. I was very excited for this game, and i refused to let a few bugs cause me to refund it. I am very happy i didnt, cause now i have a BA rx7 i just rebuild entirely. woot.:Performance hitches, weird solution for low fps bugs, when you launch the game, go to video settings and simply click apply. for some reason graphics options default when reloading the game, but your settings still show, upon loading simply click apply in graphics and itll smooth out.:A little update to my review, on my concern that the brake calipers breaking made it unplayable, i later figured out the bug, in which after selecting thecaliper and cylander to be combined, pressing enter to accept it rather than clicking yes with the mouse turned out to be the issue. Do not use the enter button say yesto anything, this also was a problem for me with the test path, pressing enter seemed to lock you inside the car and it being un-movable. once i figured out this, the game is actually fairly smooth and enjoyable on my low end integrated graphics laptop."
,Recommended,645630,33891591,Posted: 29 July,all,BrianMWrong,"*UPDATE 8/2/17*With a few patches, this game is now playable. I've put a ton of hours into it, and I do in fact recommend it now. I have experienced no further crashes, the frame rate is smooth, and I've had no glitches requiring a restart of the game.-Original Review-I was a huge fan of Car Mechanic Simulator 2015, it was a super fun game but merely scratched the surface of the automotive repair process. I had no idea this was coming out, I was super excited when I saw the store page go live with a $20 price tag. I saw the negative reviews, but decided to just bite the bullet.Yes, the tutorial is buggy. I followed another reviewer's advice and skipped it (see the review by Macdo__ for steps involved). I put a good 2 to 2.5 hours into the game before I hit my first game breaking bug. I earned enough money to expand my shop, and put a car on the test area. I initiated the test, got in the car, but could not move at all. I then found that I couldn't move the car, exit the car, quit the tutorial, or even quit to the menu. I had to force close the application, and re-load... I didn't save my game recently.I will wait until the game is patched further, and update my review. So far, this game seems like a beefed up version of the 2015 edition, with better graphics. I will gladly recommend it once the issues are fixed."
76561198104675671,Recommended,645630,33892798,Posted: 29 July,all,austinmaloney93,"i flip trucks as a hobbie and this game is super realistic! for all the haters out there if you have never worked on a car in your life this is not your kinda game i could see why you guys might get frustrated, also i play this game on ultra settings 1080p at 60fps no problem, its a little buggy but they will fix it. overall i give it a 7 out of 10 :) fun casual game and its cheep."
,Recommended,645630,33893141,Posted: 29 July,all,Mazi73,"Updated Review:As of the last patch (1.4) All of the game breaking bugs have been fixed at least for me.If you were a fan of the previous version of CMS you will probably like this one.  The new features added and the upgraded graphics, while not extraordinary are a decent improvement over the prior games.At the time I am writing this not all is perfect, there are still a few bugs in the order of certain parts and I have still had the game crash out a couple times but it is very playable.  Performance wise its far from what it really should be and there are still frame drops from time to time but no where near as bad as during launch.If you get frustrated quickly by small bugs I would still hold off until they finish patching the game but if you can put up with the occasional glitch here and there this is a much more engaging version of CMS and worth your time."
,Recommended,645630,33929392,Posted: 31 July,all,Luminous For Life,"End of tutorial. tried to sell off the Bolt Cape, game freeze."
76561198049828969,Recommended,645630,33929868,Posted: 31 July,all,|MTG| SirFluffyBottom,"Yes this game has had an abundance of glitches but these guys are doing more to fix their game than the huge game companies. I mean look at how glitchy gta, COD and battlefield are and it takes those guys even longer to release patches to fix them. SO all in all i would recommend this game because these guys are trying their hardest to fix their mistakes and this game is a ton of fun!"
,Recommended,645630,33935967,Posted: 31 July,all,Dark_Unity,AWSOME JOB  the dev team is awsome i know the game came out with a lot of bugs but they have worked around the clock to fix all bugs in this game there is hours of time to injoy this game .i would recommend any game by this dev team awsome work guys thank-you for an awsome game and all the time you put in to making this game great.
76561198061275146,Recommended,645630,33961976,Posted: 1 August,all,Dreamblade,"I've changed my review since I originally reviewed the game. Some of my gripes remain however, and the game needs some serious Quality of Life improvements. However, it shows that the developer cares and has been working tirelessly to address the game stopper issues.Remaining Cons since posting my review1. Grind. After grinding to level 30 (about 250 or so cars), the allure of the game and its appeal began to wear off. This is mostly to do with how simplistic the entire process became and how automated and repetitive all the jobs and parts are.Sadly, in order to get to the crux of the game, you have to get to 30 which is when the Paint Shop and Welder unlock which enables you to fully restore cars. I'll be honest, the main appeal of the game is the adventure, discovery, ""Lego-like"", and creative potential it provides. Sadly this feature is locked behind a steep barrier to entry.Because the game lacks any meaningful content from levels 10 upwards until 30, monotony as well as the charm of the game wears off.Fortunately the Developer is aware of this as more players bring up the grind being a serious issue.2. Some major show stopper bugs remain. There is a chance that you will lose a car if you move one from the Parking Lot to the Garage and Garage Entrance 1 is unavailable (another car parked at it). Saves can mysteriously be lost, especially if using Steam Cloud, so it's highly advized that you keep backups in case (user/appdata/LocalLow/RedDot/CarSimulator2018) Backup your Profiles found here.3. Major Content and Features shown in promotional images, in-game UI elements, and Facebook posts by the Developer, remain missing.- Notice the image shown on the Upper-Right of the Store page with the Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 Logo. There is no Ford Mustang or Plymouth Barracuda and there iscurrently no options to add hood scoop carburators or any performance options.-Performance Parts can be found but are unusable. The Developer has mentioned that this is an option in the future and some performance parts can be found in the game but remain unusable.-Race Track is disabled until further notice. This feature will take advantage of the performance parts or so it is claimed. The Engine Dyno which is shown in the UI but is disabled is also a planned feature. Although it is unclear whether the Developer originally promised this feature or not.-Interior components are very spartan, some even float within the body cavity (Fuel Filter) since there are no hoses, brake lines, or filter ducting.Conversely, numerous cars use the exact same parts further hitting home the lack of focus the developer had. Is this a car mechanic game focusing on various makes? Or is it simply a puzzle game with limited pieces which you rearrange over and over with some minor variations?Because of that, the creative charm, and adventure a game like this could provide is lost after several hours of play. And it doesn't help that the limited tools available that do legitimately allow you to be creative, remain locked away behind a serious grind.4. Quality of Life improvements are sorely lacking.-For example, you can't hop from Barn to Barn; you must load the Garage, select the map, load the next barn, exit the barn to the Garage before you can visit another Barn. Rather-You can't simply take a car from your Parking Lot and drive it in the Test Track. Instead you must load into the Parking Lot, select the car, move it to the Garage, make sure Garage Entrance 1 is clear, load the Garage and then select the door to get to the map in order to take it out to the Test Track.-Part Ordering UI (the mail order computer or Tablet), remains seperate from the player's Inventory, causing Unity to have to load and unload two seperate assets. Rather than unifying these two so the player can simply order missing, broken, replacement, or desired parts. This becomes a serious chore particularly when you wish to speed-grind to level 30 to unlock the core aspects of the game.Pros1. The Developers remain comited to not only fixing the current issues, offering patches nearly daily, and theyarelistenning to feedback. Now its just a matter of seeing if they are true to their word regarding lack of content, delivering on promised features, and handling Quality of Life improvements.2. Numerous hours of gameplay. It has a sandbox ""Lego"" nature to it similar to the feeling you get from Minecraft. It's always interesting to discover a new car you wish to restore, or a new engine build.-With the addition of Performance parts, alternate car builds, Race Track, and Car Salon, these missing elements of the game shouldl provide the core content that will finally make this game a solid experience.-The Developer is already adding alternate car builds and versions of the same vehicles (as would be in Real Life) to hopefully break up the grindy monotony. However, the jobs that come up still nearly always ask for the exact same parts to be replaced."
,Recommended,645630,33970574,Posted: 2 August,all,jasonbriggs,"This would be a half decent attempt for an early accesss release. As a full release, very poor.Edit: The game has been updated a few times and I can see a huge improvement. Had the game been delayed for a week and these updates completed, the initial reaction to the game would have been much better. I feel I can now recommend this game.I haven't really experienced the other issues players have found with low frame rates and black screens etc however the bugs (and game breaking bugs) are many:Test Track:I sent a car to the test track, unfortunately there was a part missing so I couldn't test it, however the car does not return to the garage, I can't see a way to get the car to return back to the garge - So the test track cannot be used now.I gave up with this save game and started again.I then spent hours stripping and rebuilding a car. I accidentally sent the car to the test track (I was trying to avoid using it due to above), the car was fully complete so I could test it, I thought I was ok, I completed the tests and again it does not return to the garage, so I have lost access to a fully 100% rebuilt car and the test tack again!Edit: This is now fixed, I have been able to send an incomplete car to TT and it is returned. I have also been able to send a complete car, test it and it returns correctly.Engine RackAs part of taking the car apart I removed the engine and put it on the stand, I took it apart and rebuilt it, however I wasn't able to remove the engine from the stand to then place it back in the car, I can't see a way to get the eninge back off the rack to be able to install it back in the car, it just doesn't let you move it back to the engine lift. I had to take the engine apart again and just rebuild it in the car, so now I can now no longer use the engine stand as it has the blueprint of a V8 on it!Tyres BugFor some reason I experienced a bug where the wheel would not install, I got the blueprint to then select parts, however it bugged out and wouldn't allow me to select a wheel. I found it in my inventory, there was a tyre with null condition and no image, guessed that was the reason so I sold the wheel and repurchased a new one in order for the game to work.Edit: I have not been able to recreate this - maybe fixed.Barn FindsAfter some time and after when the Test Track bugged out I was unable to visit any barn locations.Edit: I have not been able to recreate this - maybe fixed.Exhaust BugOn one of the cars I was fixing (it had two exhausts) the front exhaust pipes don't even line up with the exhaust manifolds, only visual, but made me laugh as the fault was 'car sounds loud', no kidding, your engine isn't conneted to a an exhaust system!Car Park BugI have found I can send cars to the car parking area, but they refuse to return. Selecting the car in the car park and selecting send to garage does nothing.Edit: Fixed - I can now send and return cars from the parking without issue.Menu BugsThere is an option to filter inventory - the selector is all orange so you are unable to read the selections. They don't work properly either. One is to sort by order they arrived in the inventory, no idea how this is determined as the last items to be added are never first or last!For the warehouse there is a selector to change the wrehouse you are viewing, this does nothing! There appears to be a button to change the name of the warehouse too, this does nothing!Moving items to the warehouse doesn't seem to do anything, everything still appears in your iventory. Sometimes moving items back from the warehouse they get duplicated. Great way to get free parts!So far it has been very poor experience and if these major bugs aren't addressed I would be looking for a refund.DO NOT BUY YET - Leave it awhile and come back to see if the bugs are fixed!I will update if I find any of these are fixed.Edit: Some bugs I have tested have been fixed. Others to test.I feel I can now recommend the game as it is playable."
76561198087154878,Recommended,645630,34005659,Posted: 3 August,all,msmspro20,They really need a setting for head bobbing.
76561198015951634,Recommended,645630,34172346,Posted: 11 August,all,Thekicker,"Awesome game! I feel it goes a bit slow xp-wise after a while and there are a couple annoying bugs to iron out, but they are working hard. So many patches since release it's insane. They are working hard to make the game better every day it seems like, and that bodes very well for the future of the game. All the positive things about the game are too long to list. The best positive for me is that they managed to land a license with Dodge to work on the Challenger and Charger.However. This game is awesome. Such a timesink and you just want to fix one more car before you have to log off to do something else. Greatly recommended game."
76561198035354739,Recommended,645630,34177978,Posted: 11 August,all,EpicZoo,The devs have killed themselfs making this a great game! I appreciate the work put into it and so far have had a ton of fun!
76561198021218708,Recommended,645630,34178092,Posted: 11 August,all,scottswen,"Before buying this game I read all the horrible reviews it was getting and was very hesitant to order it, after further investigation I found that most of the major game breaking bugs had been worked out by this point so I took a chance and bought the game. I have found only a few minor bugs that are not game breaking by any means, no black screens or freezing up for me at all, and by the way there is an autosave now so your progess is being saved as you go. I get about 75 fps maxed out so I would imagine that most the problems that people are having is due to having an outdated system or not having the most current drivers installed. I run 16g corsair vengeance gaming ram, I7 processor, RX580 GPU, windows 10 with all the latest updates and a 27"" gaming monitor with vsync, and I have not had any issues with frame rates what so ever. They just patched in the race track and car salon today, so I will see how that goes soon. The game is great, the graphics are amazing, these guys have done a great job . So don't buy into all the negative reiviews and just buy the game, after all if you have issues Steam will refund you."
76561198080621165,Recommended,645630,34178273,Posted: 11 August,all,dimpledesign,"I'm not a car nut or have I played any of the previous games in the series but I felt compelled to write this review for two reasons.Firstly because of the state of the game at release. I read all of the reviews, but because of the scope and the potential of the game I thought I would give it a punt. After a few hours of gameplay, the glitches and bugs that had been highlighted became more and more apparent. Although I can totally understand the negative reviews - the problems never took away the fact that I was totally enjoying the game. The game is huge - and maybe the developers took on too much because the game should never have been released with so many issues. How many times have we seen this happen before? Way too many times. But there was one big difference with this game and this developer - which leads me onto my second point.With 19 patches issued in just a few days since release - you could quite easily determine that the game is a mess and the devlopers have slaughtered a very successful franchise. I tend to look at it differently. This developer realised how bad it was (albeit a tad late), listened to the gamers and more importantly - they responded. They have done whatever they possibly could to sort out the problems - and for that I commend them. You can have a well deserved break now!I highly recommend this game and urge potential ""mechanics"" to focus more on the post patch reviews if they are thinking of buying. I'm off now to try and get that spray booth sorted!!!"
76561198058203974,Recommended,645630,34179070,Posted: 11 August,all,burrhead78,i Like it the game has some problems but its playable they are patching the game every day and only fault i see is it looks like it was released early keep up the work on content and fixes and will be great game
76561198385984799,Recommended,645630,34179735,Posted: 11 August,all,karlhill28,i personally enjoy it and i havent had many issues with it. also amazing to see how frequantly the game is being patched
,Recommended,645630,34180060,Posted: 11 August,all,REEEEEEEE,Awsome game so much better than the last hopfully they add as much dlc as the last one
76561198127564653,Recommended,645630,34182053,Posted: 11 August,all,ac455,The Devs have really outdone themselves with removing the bugs since the first day. Glad to see that more and more features are also being added. You can spend lots of hours in one night in this game because it is very fun and very in-depth with pretty much everything. Anyone that has Car Mechanic Simulator 2014 or 2015 I highly recommend getting this one too as it takes the experience of those games and takes to to another level.
76561198151599356,Recommended,645630,34182747,Posted: 11 August,all,joe111571,"I love this game, so much fun and things to do. The devs are working their butts off for it. I recommend you buy this game if you like cars and racing. Thanks devs for making a lovely game. :)"
,Recommended,645630,34194253,Posted: 12 August,all,Biohazard2191,"Only been messing with this for a few hours seeing I've been working. Holy crap guys what a game. I don't want to say 'improvement', I enjoy CMS15 very much, but this really just got in depth. Sure a few controls are different; uncomfortable, but still playable. I imagine most purchasers have at least played CMS in one way or another so it's a really nice upgrade.One of few ideas would be to do a small tutorial or short video clip of how to use the new tools in the garage. Other than that I'm about to jump back on now and playLove the new game, not to mention you always have half my iTunes library for music, love it!"
76561198113508777,Recommended,645630,34195431,Posted: 12 August,all,JamesYuhen,This is a good game for boring time！Really!
76561198009705539,Recommended,645630,34196285,Posted: 12 August,all,Hitman488,"I love this game!It s a lot more playable then it was 2 weeks ago. Even though my framerate felt like 0.5 during my first session... i spent 12 hours in a row on this game. I started right after it launched. This game has a lot of potential and i am confident that it will be downright awesome! For now; it is playable - very much indeed!Should you buy it if you liked the CMS15?- YesWhy?- It is getting better everyday. And experiencing the disappearance of annoying bugs, one after another, is quite satisfying. Yesterday i played for 8 hours and only experienced 1(!!!) bug that was easily fixed by going to the main menu and back into the game.PS: To all the devs; Your dedication is wonderful! Keep up the good work, just remember to take a break once in a while! (19 patches in 2 weeks? record?)"
76561198141507939,Recommended,645630,34197140,Posted: 12 August,all,Exibon69,"Well it was released early, and was (still is) very buggy. Needs much optimizing too. But developer have put out 19 patches already and they're working very hard to make game playable, points for that.If you buy it now and think its too buggy, leave it alone and give it second chance later, game deserves it and has really huge potential."
76561198134814776,Recommended,645630,33893047,Posted: 29 July,all,ZPΞLLY,"I enjoy this game it is very much like CMS 2015 just with ALOT more to do it makes it alot more fun.Pros: Game runs smooth (Low/Medium Graphics)Alot more to do then CMS 2015Added areas + Barns that have parts and cars you can buyCons: As every new game it nees work, Its a little laggy with the higher graphicsThere are glitches with the game when you take parts off and put them on sometimes they spaz out or you get a black screen and have to restartThe music is broken in game thus leaving you with only the sounds of walking and turning wrenchesThe Computers do not have all the parts for vehicles (Spectre Fastback, Dodge Charger and Dodge Challenger sofar known)Overall I think this game has GREAT potential just its early stages you gotta wait and stick with it!"
,Recommended,645630,33893684,Posted: 29 July,all,Mango,"This Game just needs a Bunch of Fixes and i would prefer the controls of Car Mechanic Simulator 2015. They were much better. But the Graphics are pretty nice, but of course individual settings would be better. If this game works fine, it will be my game for the next years :DEDIT: The new Patch is amazing. I cant play the game anymore because it instant crashed :DPls fix this :D"
76561198358782814,Recommended,645630,33909550,Posted: 30 July,all,popamadalin444,Can be better
76561198038222494,Recommended,645630,33929918,Posted: 31 July,all,cheezeapple,I read the reviews on this game before I purchased and it made me nervous to buy it. I must say the revies are unfair and unnecessarily mean. Yes this game needs work but the leaps this game made from 2015 is worth it in my eyes. Its insane how much more indepth it is. WAs the game released to early...maybe but you know what if the didnt relaese it now people would be complaining its not out. so either way they get crap from people. Id rather play the game while they work on it making it a great game. So in my Personal opinion its worth the $20 but the dlc is bs. Low blow guys. Not cool.But all in all worth the buy and just be patient on the bug patchs.
76561198070878375,Recommended,645630,33930325,Posted: 31 July,all,skodarap,"Ok, my main reason for writing the review is so many bad reviews.I'll give it a thumbs up, since in 3 days it was out most of the bugs I've personally experienced have been resolved, although none were as dramatic as some of the people make it out to be (at least not to me), but lots were either funny or illogical. Although I did restart my game after some of the fixes since there was no way to undo some of the exploits that were present in initial versions.There are still some optimization problems as we speak, but for most of the time for me it runs nice and smooth on max settings on 8Gb RX480 and no crashes or lags - it does lag after a while, but then just save and exit to main menu and reload and it should be fine again.As far as content and general feel goes, In my opinion it's a huge improvement over CMS15."
,Recommended,645630,33930515,Posted: 31 July,all,Ch0da,"The game is pretty good, but it needs some work. I know that in some weeks the game will be perfect and i don't give a crap about that guys saying the game is very bad, if they wait, they'll see what is a good game :D. Good Job"
76561198074694349,Recommended,645630,33934135,Posted: 31 July,all,NutleR,"After glitches and bugs were patched. Finally i can write a proper review for this game.Pros:- Very nice sound effects. I really love screw's cranking sounds in this game.- Finally, can play your own music with radio.- More tools to play with.- More cars, more fun- Devs still update and patch thier game daily.Cons:- Mouse smoothing still can't be disabled.- I like the control from CMS2015 more than this game but it probably because I'm still not get used to it.- Can be very grindy and repeatitive.- If you played CMS2015 a lot, you may get bored because the gameplay feels very similar at some points."
76561198318065698,Recommended,645630,33948785,Posted: 1 August,all,[AUT] CosmicFireTitan,"I have a question. Is there like a ""original bonus"" so when u buy the original parts from a car does this give u more money than every other?PS. I love this game"
76561198141364778,Recommended,645630,33954306,Posted: 1 August,all,Emu ❤,"Thank God for patch 1.1.9Finally playable and a great game. Performance is great too.Now this is a must-have for everyone, who loves CMS2015.I can´t wait for the optical- and performance- tuningdlcs"
,Recommended,645630,33977930,Posted: 2 August,all,Gabriel,"The game is nice. You can do all the things from Car Mechanic 2015 and much more.It is not new player friendly and the menus are console style with dials, icons and a lot of ""select"" and ""back"" clicks. It can be quite annoying not to see the ""x"" button for closing the certain windows and always remeber to hit Esc key.Graphically the game is looking cool but i saw that the best performace with very little quaility loss is when you have the game on low. It puts away the motion blur tooIF you dont have any other Car Mechanic games, buy this one and watch some videos on youtube for how to play the first missions. Than you will know what to do in the game too and it will become more easy to learn it"
,Recommended,645630,33978823,Posted: 2 August,all,TheBomber43,Great game but this rating will only change when the bugs are gone...SadlyEdit: O.k. so most of the errors were fixed within a couple of days but the fact the game obviously wasn't checked is a little agrovating..
76561198022945709,Recommended,645630,34082050,Posted: 7 August,all,river4175,fun game
76561198350065051,Recommended,645630,34140286,Posted: 9 August,all,MrCrowley,"Im glad the bugs are fixed, thankyou developers.....also id like to see the option of changing the controls to arrow keys from W,A,S,D, as this should be an option for those who are more habituated in using arrow keys"
76561198048048796,Recommended,645630,34149329,Posted: 10 August,all,kierankent,good game
,Recommended,645630,34169687,Posted: 11 August,all,drxakx,"Great game with alot of potential!I'm sure after a while when all bugs are gone, and the tuning is optimized (performance parts, ...), this game will be much better then cms2015.Nice textures, good engine sounds, great cars, ...I loved cms2015, but i love this one more already!Keep up the good work devs."
76561198007476000,Recommended,645630,34169831,Posted: 11 August,all,Veticus,"After all this negative reviews I was really afraid of buying this game. Fortunately, my will to actually learn something about cars and how they work was really strong and finally game landed in my library. I played only few hours and didn't have ANY bugs. First minutes can be hard for beginners like me but when you understand mechanics of game it will be pleasure to play it. I know that car mechanic simulator will steal many hours from  my life - It will be great game to stream and relax with viewers :)"
76561198008746838,Recommended,645630,34171340,Posted: 11 August,all,Nimius,"I just recently bought this game amid much trepidation based on the amount of negative reviews and recent criticism. I have to say I don't regret it one bit. The game has been stable for me and is working well. It is a huge amount of fun and the developers have worked extremely hard to put things right. They are committed to it and will make it perfect over time. This is a big thing these days. The big houses don't care about half-finished games and can afford a few turkeys, but for the smaller devs, it is their entire business and reputation on the line. Two weeks in and something like 19 patches? Outstanding. Granted it should have been right from the get-go, but we're not talking Ubisoft or Rockstar here! Well done guys, keep up the great work. ""My Summer Car"", I'm looking at you....."
,Recommended,645630,34171407,Posted: 11 August,all,Downdijk,It's a great game and a greater step after CMS15 (yes it have some bugs still in there).After playing 50 hours (starting over 1 time) i finaly reached level 30 and now i can restore some cars.Overall it's a great game that love to play and there are no other company that is comitted as Red Dot Games with patching the game very day (even on sunday) for almost 2 weeks to fix the problems the game have / had.
,Recommended,645630,34172472,Posted: 11 August,all,SoliDiuX,"First off when this game launched it was barely playable but devs have done great work to make this game worth the money.This game stands for everything true petrolhead needs.What I think this game lacks are:Ability to play with the fuel mixtures like if you race and you are goin lean or rich it could break your engine and make spark plugs wear, change gear ratios and it would  be cool if you could change differential (welded/limitedslip), engine swaps (gonna happen anyways) ,tire wear and wide open drag strips to put your 1000hp in use. I know this game is about repairing cars and not so mutch about driving them but if you implement stuff like that it could make this game heaven for car enthusiasts.Great work devs hats off."
,Recommended,645630,34173297,Posted: 11 August,all,Niroe,"Love what I've seen so far, few bugs but devs seem to be doing all they can to fix them - more than some companies bother to do."
,Recommended,645630,34178989,Posted: 11 August,all,WiZz,Best developers I've come across. Awesome game a definate improvment on the 2015 game also awesome. Take some time to rest up now Devs in sure all will are you deserve it.Currently still some bugs but have is so full of fun I rarely notice of are bothered by them.
76561198143901810,Recommended,645630,34181952,Posted: 11 August,all,slypaper,"Honestly this game is a good game. The developers are trying really hard to pump out these fixs witch i'm amazed by, not many developers do that now ah days. I played CMS 15 and they did an amazing job with that game I know they'll do the same with this one, as they have so far."
,Recommended,645630,34190856,Posted: 12 August,all,BlackLotus [44],"i love this game so much,yes the beginning was rough but there is allot to look for and the company is adding allot of contant each day,if you love cars and building your own stuff this game is for you,i have 12 hours of gametime so far and i enjoy it allot :)"
76561198073892678,Recommended,645630,34192688,Posted: 12 August,all,mrxmentalism,"I own and have a ton of hours playing CMS 2014 and 2015. I also have about 60 hours playing 2018 so far. This game had a shaky start and since I purchased it immediatly upon release, I got to experience all of the bugs that people were complaining about. But, these developers worked day and night relentlessly to patch all but a few minor bugs. In its current state this game looks incredible, plays great, and still has some room for improvement. If you are a fan of the previous titles, buy this. If you never played any of the previous titles, buy this. Ignore the negative reviews, they were once warranted, but now this title  is amazing, and will no doubt become even more amazing!"
76561198120549203,Recommended,645630,34196610,Posted: 12 August,all,brianclark2005,"Well I read so much about this sim before I bought it. As it was discounted I decided to give it a go despite all the bad reviews. I am glad I did, because I love this game and a few days down the line plus a few patches it all seems to be running well for me. At least the developers have acknowledged the problems and are working their socks off to make the game work. I watch YouTube vids of people restoring barn finds with great interest and now I can play at doing it myself now, fantastic. I found the game hard to get my head around to start with but having watched others playing it on YouTube I quickly got the hang of it. So its a thumbs up from me."
76561198058178978,Recommended,645630,34196620,Posted: 12 August,all,Bruno,"without looking at the games bugs glitches, i'd say this game is way better than its predecessor.in the hours i have played i only had to restart the game twice and both of these problems are allready fixed. but every game has its faults and im sure the developers from this game will do their best."
76561198158131134,Recommended,645630,34196822,Posted: 12 August,all,lucas71302,"started crappy, but have to give props to the devs, been pushing out patches daily, so they have been improving the performance.....good game from the beginning , getting even better with their patch work"
76561198310872626,Recommended,645630,33872951,Posted: 28 July,all,SatanicStabber,"I like it and for the most part it works. Quite a few bugs and flaws - from parts just bought vanishing to the savegame not  being able to load - that's the biggest issue I've encountered. I did buy it day 1 and version 1.00, I was expecting some small things. I am sure in time they will all be fixed. Its playable and its great - I run medium gfx settings which suits me fine. I just hope the save game issue is fixed I did quite a bit in the last few hours on story mode and I really don't want to lose progress. Like I said that is the biggest problem."
76561197986732225,Recommended,645630,33880892,Posted: 29 July,all,Sako,"CMS18 runs OK on my computer with GTX 1060 3gb, I5-6500 and 16 gb ram. Game is playable. Have experienced some bugs with test path (car not moving with keyboard), and sometimes strange things have happened to my inventory.. The bugs will hopefully get fixed soon with a patch. I enjoy the game so far and am looking forward for future updates.If you are interested in cars and mechanics, this game might be for you. Takes some time to level up (need patience)."
,Recommended,645630,33884711,Posted: 29 July,all,crazystone65,when i put the engine back togather the engine head caver  go on before you repast the valve plush rod.
,Recommended,645630,33885148,Posted: 29 July,all,=(e)= Sniperlif3,"I had originally said this game was bad, yes. But that was a first few days things. After the first few days they adjusted the game to make it playable and TONS better. Since then they have already made many updates to the game. They listen to the reviews and work to make the game amazing. I think the game is great nowI would recommend this game if you like the previous Car Mechanic Simulator games. It is amazing.Can't wait to see more improvements!If you are having problems, please be patient. They will update it. If you want, make a review of the issues or let them know. They will get it fixed if they can. Don't throw out the game because you had a bad first experience."
76561198064677145,Recommended,645630,33886600,Posted: 29 July,all,Skarinou,"Review based on initial gamplay only (release delay has no effect to my purchase)i played cm15 a fair amount and enjoyed it, so when cm18 came out i didnt really hesitate despite the alarming number of negative reviews.  so first impressions....well sadly they are not good, first up the mouse movement is horrible, its way to sensitive when not messing with parts and not responsive enough when trying to remove or attach things.the graphics are ok, they dont look as good as cm15 offered.there is no option to change the keybindings at all, this is a real pain in my side and a huge negative for me. i have never used W to move forwards, it always felt awkward to me and would really like to have had the chance to map keys to personal preference, also there is no list of key functions so for new players its all guess work.I have not yet explored the scrapheap,barns,auctions or anything beyond my basic garage so i wont comment on themi hated the controls for the test drive at the end of the tutorial, once again they were way over sensitive and options to dull that down would have been a vital inclusion before release.lots of people complaining of framerate issues and i will say i am running a gtx 960 2gb and have it set to high and its running fine so far.so all in all from my single hours explore i would say that if you owned cm15 and are looking at getting this one i would seriously wait for some good updates but if your new to the series i would strongly advise you to give this one a miss, it does not do the series justice at all.Update 3/8/17the devs have made some massive steps in the right direction since i wrote this review, this game has had numerous patches in a short space of time that in my opinion has made the game much more playable, plenty of work still to go but i hope they keep up their hard work. plenty of other games developers could learn something from the makers of this game.with that in mind while i first did not recommend this game i am changing my choice and would say as long as the fixes keep coming then this title stands a real good chance at being better than the previous titles and alot of other games in the same class."
76561198089585813,Recommended,645630,33887028,Posted: 29 July,all,Bencrush7,"this game's optimization is a graphics card killer, if u aint got water cooling with a gtx 660ti DONT EXPECT YOUR COMPUTER TO LAST MORE THAN 5 MINUTES even on low settings mine is TRASH, why is the game so similar to 2015 yet it kills the card, optimization is disguisting! (consider the 660ti can run ark on HIGH)EDIT: now the game wont even load in after i press continue, FIX THIS (add and message me if you have this issue too, would like to speak with people having the same issues)FINAL EDIT (hopefully): game is much more improved now and playable, seems like they managing to get lots of new things in the game along with the fixes, with the new engine varients, i think they are building up to my desired idea of engine swaps, which i pray they are going to do without the need for hard to install mods, P.S hurry up with workshop and online racing :)"
76561198210422091,Recommended,645630,33891113,Posted: 29 July,all,kthornock890,has bugs of course but im sure they will be weeded out before long. i wont give a bad review just because i love the game
,Recommended,645630,33910703,Posted: 30 July,all,Ethan140 hellcase.com,Its gonna get better
76561198134284792,Recommended,645630,33912298,Posted: 30 July,all,devingta2onYT,very good game but plz fix if you buy a barnfind if you put it in parking until you get some room you can move it to garage i bought a barnfind i had no room in the garage so i put it in parking now when i click move to garage it wont move it stays in parking i tried closing then reopening my game but it dont work plz fix
76561198297022568,Recommended,645630,33916517,Posted: 30 July,all,emeracing11,Great games just a lot of bugs in it but will be worth it for sure once most bugs are gone the only thing that I'm having issues with is rebuilding motors and they don't come with oil stick or oil cap or the Mazda mx7 exhaust is missing and once in awhile the graphics do some wiered things but overall great game after fully fixed
,Recommended,645630,33937824,Posted: 31 July,all,Crazybmanp,"Car mechanic simulator is a fun simulator game. i have already have hours of time taking apart cars, improving them and selling them. you will get bored eventually, but you will go back later.There were problems on release and many features were completely broken. it is NOW APPERANT that this game was never released done.Purchase this game as if it were ""Early Access"" as, it is. The dev team is putting in an outrageously good effort finishing all of the planned content as fast as possible, but we need to be honest that it was released unfinished.This game is a good buy if you like the concept and like early access games. if you don't like those, i would suggest waiting untill it is even more complete."
76561198088071463,Recommended,645630,33961375,Posted: 1 August,all,Torquetwister,"I'm a huge fan of this game, it has come a long way in a very short time. I still think it should have waited until 2018 to be released and maybe they would not have had to work so hard after releasing it."
,Recommended,645630,33981117,Posted: 2 August,all,Boruto,"Good game overall. Feels rushed to say the least. But give the developers some time to clean this game up and it'll be great. That being said, I will leave this review as recommended because if you liked 2014 and 2015, then this one will blow your socks clean off. Gorgeous game with some problems that the dev's are hard at work to fix. They're known for taking their customer experiences very seriously."
76561197986835194,Recommended,645630,33981497,Posted: 2 August,all,Faymango,"I own all  3 cms  and this one is my favorite.  I like the new addtions  and cant wait for the  dlc  that comes out for it.  I do admit the bugs are annoying, but this developer is very reliable and will fix the problems."
76561198031560299,Recommended,645630,33992670,Posted: 3 August,all,shawz0311,"I bought Car Mechanic Sim 15, but never even tried it, just a game I was always going to get around to when I had time. I bought 18', and immediately installed and tried it out, and I gotta say I love this game from what I've played so far. I didn't experience very many bugs in my 8 1/2 hours so far, and none were game breaking. Maybe I've just been lucky so far, as I know this game is supposed to be pretty buggy at the momentI do recommend this game, even if you are remotely interested, I'm not sure how tedious it may get after 20-30 hours if you put that much time in, but I think with all teh leveling up you can do, then completely rebuild race worthy cars and whatnot, that it has enough variety to keep me playing for a while. Anyway, good job Devs on a good game, hopefully it just gets better from here pon out."
,Recommended,645630,34004334,Posted: 3 August,all,Stabidy,fantastic game yes it has its little glitches here and there but nothing super game breaking not to mention these guys are busting their ***'s to get it 100% perfect but i can tell you right now i dont regret buying it i have a blast with it though barn cars and junk cars need to find a super price deduction i see nothing else wrong with the game
76561198004154701,Recommended,645630,34004981,Posted: 3 August,all,Øyvind88,"Good game, have little trouble to start the game but little restarts and the game is loading and start.Works great on my Acer Aspire E5 pc laptop, i tried in Medium,High and ultra settings and all of this settings is fine and works but Medium settings is best for now, since the game is under working prosess.The game come little later then planned but i see why.Totalt playable now the game and to a good price too, good too see at the game company is working at udates and patch for the game.i played whith Xbox One controller Wireless and it is playable.i like the game, is awsome to us car heads and i keep on playing it, every day, every time...Hope at this game come whit lots off DLC and more to the game and hope at fix the game so everybody likes it more and more."
76561198079332385,Recommended,645630,34037631,Posted: 5 August,all,000ptimus,"I loved CMS2014 & 2015. They were not necessarily great games, but they were fun and charming.CMS2018 was horrible, at release, and I don't know how many patches they pushed out early on - but now, for me, the game works. It's not perfect, but it's playable.Drop-down menu in the inventory is still broken. There are localisation-issues as well. But it mainly seems to work as intended.I haven't played enough to know about the auctionsystem (which wasn't great in CMS2015), or the number of different cars. But I am enjoying it so far!This is an updated review. My first one was quite negative - because the game was released in a very, very poor state. The devs/publishers still deserve critique for releasing a game that was so broken as this game was. But patches have fixed this game a lot.Devs, thank you for not abandoning us!"
76561198027326230,Recommended,645630,34150339,Posted: 10 August,all,goocher625,Very fun. They're fixing issues each day. I'm happy I bought this game.
76561198087145787,Recommended,645630,34171496,Posted: 11 August,all,Le Panda,"Honestly bad launch, but huge respact for the devs. Not only for calling themselves out on messing up BUT they update almost everyday. and the game is coming along beautifully. i love it."
,Recommended,645630,34171961,Posted: 11 August,all,[RN] Michael,"I love this game even though it started out terribly, this game shows the glory of being a mechanic and car enthusiast but the developers didn't seem to care about this game at first but I realise that they are trying their best to make this game bug free. I would love to see some more licensed vehicles. The developers love this game as much as us and are trying to make our experience better than the previous games combined."
76561198122692487,Recommended,645630,34172276,Posted: 11 August,all,Griffinator233,"Alright i just looked and the reviewed and wanted be be clear about the game. It is good but was released before it was finished and they are now working to fix the game and add features that are already on the map so i'm guessing should of been in the game at release. I still play and like the game but its has issues like cars going missing, crashes, and saved games not saving. They are working hard to fix it and as i said good game to play."
76561197972282712,Recommended,645630,34175828,Posted: 11 August,all,Nelou,"I have only a handful of times seen a dev team as dedicated as Red Dot Games.This game had a series of gamebreaking bugs on release, but 14 days and 19 patches later, this game is now a very functional and entertaining game.This is now easily a thumbs up from me."
76561197970717548,Recommended,645630,34178129,Posted: 11 August,all,Trifler,"Although it got off to a rocky start, the developers have been working very hard to fix bugs and the improvements from a week ago are very significant.I'm still looking forward to them adding keyboard shortcuts to bypass the radial UI for common tasks. Adding the 1,2,and 3 keys from the previous game would be a good start. I believe they will get there.The developers are working hard and showing results, so I am comfortable recommending this game."
76561198104040378,Recommended,645630,34178298,Posted: 11 August,all,Pneumo,"After playing Car Mechanic Sim 2015, i bought this one.At first i was going to write a 'maybe' review, based on that the controls are not atall the same at with CMS 2015, and that bugged me. The controls for 2018 are awkward at first, prettymuch only using the mouse right click to select different actions, no hotkeys other than (as far as i can tell so far) 'T' once you have the tablet unlocked.Now, several hours in, ive became used to it, but the controls still dont really work for me.Other than that, its a slightly polished version of 2015, with better grapghics and a more in depth feel of the mechanic sim, Such as, - the suspension seperator, wheel balance and removal, and engine removal... which, now ive used them all, is actually a decent idea- especially the engine holder, so, once youve taken the gearbox off of a car, you can work on it out of the car, ability to rotate included.The barn find part adds more to the sim, going to random barns as they appear over time. I havent been able to go to auction just yet, but as with other things, they unlock as you level up and expand your building.It kinda feels like theyve slowed down all interations within menus, sush as spam buying parts in 2015. The 'right click to bring up an interation dial' makes things slower, so i hope they give otion to change button layouts.The game is labelled '2018', its in development. Its worth the £15 that its currently costing, i'm currently appreciating 2018, so if you've played 2015 to death, 2018 is a welcome addition to a long line of mech sim games..."
,Recommended,645630,34179820,Posted: 11 August,all,Maverick,"Although it has its issues, I really enjoy this game, the devs are working hard to fix all the mistakes within the game that appeared at launch."
76561198032246731,Recommended,645630,34182022,Posted: 11 August,all,three27sb,"First of all a big thank you to the team behind this game,your hard work on bug fixing from lanch too now is a testamate on how much you want his game to be great.I loved CM2015 and i know this game will blow that one away.-Anyone looking for a good relaxing game that will only get better with time this is for you.-Great comunity and the devs could not be more open and ready to help.-worth the money, there is a ton of crap games out that cost more and are half the fun.Again keep up the good work team,cheers."
76561197969399424,Recommended,645630,34190486,Posted: 12 August,all,Pyrzillac,Good concept getting better by active updating by devs =)
76561198028019148,Recommended,645630,34190878,Posted: 12 August,all,Redman,"In short...It´s a good game with much potential as it´s really not finished yet.But if they patch it as much as they have done the last 2 weeks the game will be perfect!I´m missing the tuning parts of the CMS 2015 like tuning the engine, map it on a dyno and so on.The junkyard, car salon, race track etc. are really new neat features of this game.Yes, i can clearly recommend it if you´re a gearhead! ;)"
,Recommended,645630,34197490,Posted: 12 August,all,Shizzle,"Yes, the game did have a troubled release with many bugs and performance problems, thus many negative reviews in the first few days. BUT now, two weeks after release and after 20 patches, most of the game-breaking stuff has been fixed. No performance issues any longer etc. The devs really proved that they do care about fixing the game and have been working unstintingly since release.It's worth a buy now!"
,Recommended,645630,34200651,Posted: 12 August,all,Deano El Diabeto,:D :D :D
,Recommended,645630,33880812,Posted: 29 July,all,VirginNightOwl,"Honestly not as terrible as everyone is saying. The developers are working on better optimizing the game, but honestly the amount of content at launch compared to CMS15 is incredible. I'd give it a 7/10 because of the poor optimization, but wide variety of content and realism."
,Recommended,645630,33886816,Posted: 29 July,all,Make Me Tacoss,"Upon first look of the game, I wouldn't recommend it if you can't handle a first release containing bugs.My first and only complaint is that the game looks amazing, but with poor optimization, the fps is staying around 29 when there is no car in my small garage. With a car in the small garage, it stays around 20-25 fps. The the qualities I have testing this on is Medium, High, and Ultra, all giving the same results with the fps.If the FPS was better optimized, I'd be more keen to play the game. I still enjoy it no matter what though, it is so far a fun game."
76561197960473978,Recommended,645630,33993369,Posted: 3 August,all,Rat Salad,"I originally voted this game down because of the extreme number of bugs and lack of optimisations, but with the constant stream of  updates it is fast becoming my favourite game to play at the momentOnly real issue I'm having is bad fps in the Junkyard it can be resolved with lower graphics settings but that then spoils the rest of the game where high settings work fine."
76561197979562506,Recommended,645630,34026105,Posted: 4 August,all,Jammer,This edit of my original review refects the improvement in this game following the boatload of patches. A couple of small part glitches and still lacking in optimization. However it is quite playable now. If only you actually add superchargers and the dyno tuning was enabled! Still trying to find the elusive Corvette!
76561197963703539,Recommended,645630,34113335,Posted: 8 August,all,KRYS1S,"Great concept and I like the extra detail put into the game, but I'd give this game some time to mature before even considering purchasing it.Right after many updates, playability is getting alot better. I've gone 2hrs without a crash and after doing a little reading around. It appears VSYNC causes some issues.Going into video settings and making it say yes, then no to vsync and applying the settings before you start the main game. Seems key to being able to play the game without stuttering. I can now play in Ultra settings where low used to struggle.I've just had a random crash as to where the screen went black momentarily, then brought me back to the desktop. The game was still functioning in the background, but I couldnt get back to the game.It was displaying about half of the game title and that was it.Had to force stop.Overall its getting better, just a few more bugs to iron out to make this game Great!"
,Recommended,645630,34158574,Posted: 10 August,all,Secksi_Craqer,"I had posted a review for this game not too long ago that stated, ""not recommended"" and now I see how hard the developers are working for their fans and players. So thank you guys, and here an extra thumbs up!"
,Recommended,645630,34169346,Posted: 11 August,all,Chillax,Awesome game. Needs abit optimization.9/10
76561197971545786,Recommended,645630,34172462,Posted: 11 August,all,Kneel for me[DK],"I must admit, this game was released with some major bugs, both graphical but also the core game was hard to enjoy. But after 19 fixes the game really shines, thanks to the developers. I realy do love this game, and in my opinon it is worth every penny of the asked price.Go give it a shot :)"
76561198072154069,Recommended,645630,34190246,Posted: 12 August,all,Halo,"Loads of potential, gets repetetive when you focus on gathering xp/money, but once you have a higher level it gets more fun"
76561198046581678,Recommended,645630,33859011,Posted: 28 July,all,BloxyBoi,"I have decided to change my review from negative to positive. Despite the massive amounts of bugs on launch, the devs have shown extreme interest in fixing their mistakes. At this moment there has been seven patches since the launch of the game only five days ago. Many of these patches fixed things that players have specifically talked about in the game forums. Develepers rarely do that anymore. There are still many bugs to be patched, but I have confidence that those bugs will be gone in the coming days. Although I still await for the return of the performance items, I can safely say that this game is more than fun enough to play at this time."
76561198084275108,Recommended,645630,33859671,Posted: 28 July,all,Marshmello,loading screen doesnt work fix it !!!!!!!!!!!!! i wanna play!!!! it doesnt work
,Recommended,645630,34761760,Posted: 5 September,all,Crashdown,This game has gotten a lot of negative reviews but I am really enjoying it. A definite improvement over the previous title. I love touring barns and restoring old wrecks. All credit to the devs for acknowledging and fixing their mistakes.
76561198155142499,Recommended,645630,34762551,Posted: 5 September,all,psychomantis100,I'm mixed on this game on one hand it's got some improvements over 2015 but on the other hand you will have to stomach some bugs and odd design choices. if you can't start the game i would recommend turning off steam overlay in the properties tab and being paitent with it. i like how in depth it is with the acutal repairs but having to right click for the menus seems odd when in 2015 all you needed to do was press a button which was labeled on the screen for you
76561198226304228,Recommended,645630,34763601,Posted: 5 September,all,erussenholt,"Awesome game, love it i feel like im an actual mechanic in this game"
,Recommended,645630,33859228,Posted: 28 July,all,Spaseman,"The game launched with a lot of bugs, but the devs have done a great job working through them and the game plays great now for me. If you were a fan of previous releases and want more, this will be jjust what you are looking for."
76561197989837299,Recommended,645630,33865084,Posted: 28 July,all,Lawless Abv,quick fixes
,Recommended,645630,33869310,Posted: 28 July,all,Karl Marx,"Edited to say that I recommend, especially if you played CMS 14/15, just don't buy it now. Claims that the new UI is bad or there aren't that many new features are simply not true -- lots of improvements in this installation with developers promising to support it for at least two years. It's fair to say, though, that the game was released in an unplayable beta state but they have moved to squash bugs and push patches extremely quickly. They've stated that they will iron out most of the problems (and re-enable disabled features) in two weeks, but it might be wise wait longer than that if you're interested."
76561198068579878,Recommended,645630,33869481,Posted: 28 July,all,Mexztah,"EDIT:The game has since been patched and optimised, there are still a couple bugs but I believe now the game is in a somewhat playable state.In its current state, I can't reccomed this gameThe gameplay itself is very good, Its basically a more in depth version of CMS 2015 with more parts and ""sub parts"" for some items,e.g. A brake caliper now has its own brake caliper cylinder which must be fitted when fitting the brake caliper. Also suspension arms now need their own bushings fitting at the same time instead of the old game where suspension arms and bushings were a single itemand its ironed out a lot of the issues I had with that games gameplay however at the moment, the bad outweighs the goodThe game is very poorly optimised atm, My PC is pretty goodIntel 6600k OC'd to 4.5ghzGTX 1060 6GB16GB RAMAnd Im currently getting about 40-60 FPS on high which means the game looks pretty good and is certainly playable but it could be a lot better. I haven't tried ultra yetThe more pressing issue at the moment is I've found the game is very unstable and liable to crashing every 5-30 minutes, Some people get crashes to desktop however Ive been getting full PC crashes with this game, My PC has crashed more times while playing this game than it has in the past 6 months so I can safely rule out drivers and overclocking. The other main issue that ive found is there are still quite a few bugs, the more prominent and annoying ones are- Bought parts ""disappearing"" from inventory- Parts & ""Sub parts"" condition resetting to original value when installedPlayway have been pretty good in the past about patching and fixing issues with their games so I imagine patches will soon follow but I'd definitely wait until a few have released before buying this game"
76561198132953140,Recommended,645630,33870070,Posted: 28 July,all,Squished Doggo,"Most of the day 1 issues of the game have been cleared and fixed, the launch was terrible but very swiftly fixed by the hard work of the devs (props to them). The game runs smooth as silk for me and other than a view small bugs such as sometimes crashing or other little mishaps the game is playable and really enjoyable for car enthusiats and normal players."
76561197999463462,Recommended,645630,34676740,Posted: 1 September,all,Monsoon,"So... yes, I recommend this game.  Do I recommend it for the average gamer?  Nope.  Sim afficianados/car geeks oh Heck yes.Since average gamers probably aren't gonna find this aaaaanyways, thumbs up for this.Fast Lane (pros):-Pretty good graphics, if you aint at the recommended hardware though, don't expect to get anywhere near 1080p or even 900p.  Like nowhere near-The average car guy will immediately be able to pick this game up and play (after learning the controls, see further down)-Enough variation in parts to make each job seem familiar, yet a touch different almost every time-It just seems to 'scratch that itch'  Dunno how to put it any other way.  I'm mostly a sim guy, so salt grains please.-BARNS (see further down though) Great Idea!-sound quality is good-Creates a time warp where you realize space and time cease to exist and it's just you and this gameMiddle Lane (meh)-Seems a touch grindy.  Didn't play the first 2 though so I have no point of reference for that.  I'm pretty sure I'm on track to unlock all features by 30 hours played-control scheme is very unconventional (not necessarily 'bad) and takes a bit to get used to.  FPS, Racing, Sim guys it dont matter, it's just not 'like' anything else.-barns, it doesn't tell you that they despawn after you visit them, even if you don't grab anything.  It also doesn't tell you to bring money (hint - bring money)-Money, it's pretty easy to make as long as you don't buy the wrong parts constantly.  It's almost impossible to lose money if you pay attention to what you are doing when you buy parts.-Why is the wedding march a song on the radio in game?  like WTF?Slow Lane (cons)-Physics are balls-No wheel support.  I'm very not OK with this.  I haven't tried a controller yet, but since this is a console game as well, I would assume that controllers are supported-Glitchfest (right now, Sep 1, 2017)  Patches are coming out rapid fire (sometimes 2-3 a day) though so this may not be a con for long.  It does kind of leave a stain on the games legacy though, when every single content creator on youtube and twitch very blatantly mention this, and even show off said glitch.  EVERY SINGLE ONE.-orders, for instance, when you have 2 out of 4 spark plugs to replace, and the minimum you need to install for the replacement is high, if you accidently put in one of the old 'good enough' spark plugs into the one that requires 100 percent, it doesn't count as being replaced.  I know its probably my own stupid fault for not clicking the star in the car status screen (which highlights the position of required replacement part) before I take the bad spark plug out, but they also don't bring any special attention to that function, neither!  Common theme with this game.I know the cons list seems pretty big in comparison, but don't let that fool you, the pros of this game are pretty impressive, while the cons are slowly being whittled away (at least the devs promise, don't fail me please).  I know that this definitely earned a place into my rotation of regularly played games."
76561198146791060,Recommended,645630,33859660,Posted: 28 July,all,Kernel_Breaker,"Massive amount of issues, this is completely unplayable, stick to Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 for a couple of months or yearEdit: Since the day it launched a couple of days have passed and the game improved a lot, many issues are fixed and performance got improved to playable FPS. I don't have anything bad to say, the game is getting better, frequent updates, great game, better than Car Mechanic Simulator 2015."
76561198126869734,Recommended,645630,34766046,Posted: 5 September,all,topdrum119,"Still a great game but, it's in a infant stage of development. I'm happy to see the amount of patches coming through, the team is very responsive in getting their product to run smoothly and still be highly enjoyable.One thing to note that I'm running into, is that from time to time while shopping for parts. The brakes section goes missing. I've found if I click on the home button within the browser (in-game), select a different part group ""such as tires"", click on home again and go back to parts, the ""brakes"" items return like they should.Windows 10 x64Version 1703OS Build 15063.540CPU: AMD FX-8320E 8-Core @ 3.47GHzRAM: 16GB DDR3 1800Graphic: MSI GTX 960 Gaming 4GOCSamsung 850 Pro 256GBIntel SSD 120GBWD Black 7200RPM 2TB Raid-0Temps while Gaming (at full throttle)MB Northbridge: 86FMB PCI Slot: 82FCPU Package: 53FRam Temp: 82FHDD/SSD: 80FGPU Temp: 84FH80i Temp: 79F"
76561198102317701,Recommended,645630,34750589,Posted: 4 September,all,I HAVE 2 KIDS AT 18,"I dont get the hate. The game runs great for me, I had one glitch that wasnt even a big deal, but being a car enthusiast, with a few more add ons and some tweaks and some more replayability features, this game should be an amazing game for years to come. my only complaint is you dont have to use any CNC machining for damaged heads or cylinders etc. and the heads are prebuilt practically with the valves and valve springs etc. But over all an amazing game with even more potential!"
,Recommended,645630,34762559,Posted: 5 September,all,VANiCX™,I love this game!
,Recommended,645630,34778310,Posted: 6 September,all,Devilstompa,Best Game Ive Played In A While...Glad There Updating it and working on the patches.Best Car Game For Building Cars....
76561198279501489,Recommended,645630,35501510,Posted: 5 October,all,BlackBenzMF,Very nice Game. Keep up the good work.
76561198292774611,Recommended,645630,35163733,Posted: 23 September,all,AyyItsHeart,You guys did an amazing job on this game!
76561198418644067,Recommended,645630,35166750,Posted: 23 September,all,gemini2000,"its a  good game but if dev's are reading, when im restoring a car and I strip everything, I try to put new wheels on but nothing come up. ive bought the wheels that where on the previous car and balanced them but still nothing. please test this and fix it.thanks great game"
76561198016742017,Recommended,645630,35173932,Posted: 24 September,all,JohnKramer,"Nice game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,645630,35507949,Posted: 5 October,all,riottobringviolence,"I know alot about cars, but this review is on the system requirements, not the game. This game still runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥and I have over the system requirements. I don't understand why, but it's whatever. Refunded."
76561198035192323,Not Recommended,645630,33876096,Posted: 29 July,all,PsychoBug,I gave installed the game and it starts loading and halfway it stops and thats where it stays I have uminstalled twice and still it does the same. Fix the bloody game or refund. Im really not darn happy.
,Not Recommended,645630,33860289,Posted: 28 July,all,Mad Dog,This game is not what was expected and promoted. I was expecting a game that is at least as good as CMS 15 but it is terrible. Extremely poor optimisation and extremely laggy controls.For reference:i5 3570k @ 3.40GHzGTX 660 2GB VRAM (overclocked)16GB RamAnd was struggling to get 15 fps on lowest settings even though minimum requirements are met with a little extra.
76561197974443543,Not Recommended,645630,33880881,Posted: 29 July,all,Zapp Brannigan,"I own all the Car Mechanic Simulator games going back to the beginning and all of the DLCs. I really enjoyed them and eagerly bought this game the instant I heard it had been released, that was a huge mistake.One look at the steam forum should tell you all you need to know about this game. MASSIVE number of game breaking bugs. Absolutely impossible that they didn't know about them, yet they released the game anyway. Horrible optimization that again, they had to know about.The complete disrespect that they have shown their customers by releasing the game in such a horrible state isn't even the worst part. The real problem is the game is a huge step backwards from its predicessors. The game is just a direct port from console (a very poor one at that) so no hotkeys, almost no setting adjustments for controls, audio, or video and character movement is slow and clunky. Its missing all the quality of life improvements that the previous games had developed. The bugs will eventually get fixed though that does not excuse them releasing a game overflowing with game breaking bugs, but the missing functionality, creature comforts and refinements , well there is no guarentee that they will ever be added let alone added soon and again there is no excuse for the game launching without them.I cannot stress enough how much I recommend NOT buying this game until they have finnished it by fixing most the game breaking bugs AND added the proper controls, settings, and improvements that it's predecessor had."
,Not Recommended,645630,33873054,Posted: 28 July,all,Wombat,i know i have played less than an hour of this game but i loved the previous Car Mechanic sim games and i cannot reccomend this one in its current state.the game runs horribly and there is no option to change the FoV and they have changed the way the UI is in the game and extremely over-complicated iti really wanted to like this game and was excited for it :(
,Not Recommended,645630,35087352,Posted: 20 September,all,Proselgo,"They've successfully made the controls more sluggish than ever, and prevent you from doing even more exciting things in the beginning this time."
76561198061645688,Recommended,645630,33860513,Posted: 28 July,all,Fraxis,Thumbs up from me great game :)
,Not Recommended,645630,33900011,Posted: 30 July,all,Sir Augustus,"Don't give money for this game called ""Find the bugs in the game and report it to developers simulator"" yet. Wait for i don't know 5-6 months for fixes, after that try the game. If you like to be a part of debug and beta test process be my guest.EDIT : It's been a week since i bought the game. Nohing fixed, nothing improved. Refunding, probably they wont able to sell the game so in the first big sale ( Winter sale ) it will be %66 discount at least :)"
76561198121956977,Not Recommended,645630,34006395,Posted: 3 August,all,Truck_man_user_2822,The game just killed my PC so bad i won't this game out of my life
76561198278560544,Not Recommended,645630,34053981,Posted: 5 August,all,brendyn1992,wow cant even get past the first part without it crashing so bad
76561198014910652,Recommended,645630,33876824,Posted: 29 July,all,Nuttyape,medium settings gameplay at 60 fps herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aM0_4nrJ34I would still buy this game even now at badly optimised launch. i play mine on medium settings and it is on 60 fps locked.my rig isrx 480fx 835018gb ram
76561198151254230,Recommended,645630,33972513,Posted: 2 August,all,OxygenBoy85,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!  The only thing i would like added to the game though is the use of the arrow keys for moving around as i am a left-handed person. all in all, great game.  WELL DONE !!  red dot games."
76561198166966997,Not Recommended,645630,33971794,Posted: 2 August,all,Joseph Stalin,Laggy Piece of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198225010100,Not Recommended,645630,34028863,Posted: 4 August,all,jorybeer22,Cant even use the lift to repair the cars..... Just spins its little cirlce and no lift. So I cant even do 90% of the repairs. This game still has a lot if bugs.
,Recommended,645630,34039579,Posted: 5 August,all,Ivan Fedorov Beria,"-- One of the most terrible releases ever, but they are working hard to fix it. (Bugs, FPS, ...)- Missing things (Dyno, tuning, ... [They said, that it will come later, also with race track])- Possible very bad DLC policy+- A lot of cars- Great graphics- Fun leveling system and upgrades- Possible to have own cars and upgrade themIts worth it, the game will be better like in a month, but its already pretty good one, just... a few more fixes and upgrades would be welcome."
76561198131521515,Not Recommended,645630,33864075,Posted: 28 July,all,--------------------------o,"The new game controls are horrible, bring back the old ones."
76561198136948692,Not Recommended,645630,34370846,Posted: 20 August,all,EliteSweden,Yeah...I like walking around with a binocular stuck to my eyeballs! At least give me the option to change the FOV! Crappy developers...
76561198085864228,Not Recommended,645630,33871070,Posted: 28 July,all,gottogetemail,"i7 2600 AMD Radeon 6900 SSD, This was the worst running game I have ever seen. 17 minutes in, requested refund. There was no information how to play and spent most of that time watching glitchy graphics scroll with poor mouse movment. This is a DO NOT BUY!"
,Recommended,645630,33871138,Posted: 28 July,all,Johnny2000,"First of all, my laptop is far far below the minimum requirements. (AMD A8 - 1,9 GHz and a 7640 GPU) But I am still able to play this game allbeit the fps are a little low.But if people stopped for a second and tried breathing through their nose I am sure they would be able to play it on their Intel 7700k and GTX 1080.I have barely testet the game yet, so I am just writing this because people are being unfair.The game needs some polishing, there is no denying that. But it is now 4 o'clock in the morning in europe and the developers just released a patch fixing some of the issues I faced.When I think of all the love and care they have given CMS2015 I can't imagine it will be different with CMS2018 so the game will improve.First imression for me is that you feel at home coming from CMS2015 but it still feels new and exciting to explore.Feels also like they have picked up some of the good things from 2014 and added them.Bottom line is this: If you need a polished mechanic game right now, pick up CMS2015 and play it for a month while waiting for this game to improve.If you don't mind some snags and loved CMS2015, give this a try.If your mother still have to cut up your dinner and cut away the crust from your slices of bread, just buy something else..."
,Not Recommended,645630,33863221,Posted: 28 July,all,Boomshaka,"BUGS BUGS BUGS, Going to the garage crahs our!!! This game is crap!"
,Recommended,645630,33860237,Posted: 28 July,all,The Wiggler,"Can't ""Invert Mouse"" Makes it hard for me to play =c. I get around 30 FPS. not bad but not good. wait untill fixed. I am sure it will get fixed/added its just day one."
76561197991778856,Not Recommended,645630,33865202,Posted: 28 July,all,PelzUK,"Was really looking forward to this as I was a fan of CMS2015.I bought a copy and gifted a copy - we've both been playing and have hit gamebreaking bugs early on.  For instance, if you try and move a car to parking before you have parking, then the menu system breaks, requiring the process to be killed.  We've bought several parts and had them disappear from inventory between leaving the computer and going to the car.It runs horribly too - and this is with an oc'd Kabylake and a pair of GTX1080's.I'd be a bit more tolerant if this was EA, but this is supposedly retail ready?  Do they not have a testing team?Do not buy - play CMS2015 instead."
,Recommended,645630,33861311,Posted: 28 July,all,[RNoAF] Metamon7,"Haven't played much yet, but there are tons of new features. I know there are bugs and lag etc. but I know the developers are working hard to fix them, so I'm not going to give a negative review like so many others, as my experience with the game so far has been great. Please, if you have any issues, try finding advice in the game discussion, and give it a few days. Will update when I have played moreUpdate 1:I've played the game for some hours now, and I'm impressed. I love many of the new features, and I'm starting to get used to the new controls and systems. To be honest, I liked the hotkeys in CMS15 better, but I'm sure I'll get used to it. I understand why they went for the cake menu, as you have more options without assigning keys, and it's better for the console version which is coming later.What is really dissapointing though, is the menu system. The main menu looks old, laggy, and should really be improved. I think it has very limited options, and with no possibility to change options while in-game, it's just really dissappointing. Another annoying feature is the tutorial. I did read the introduction which told me to put it on the race track to end the tutorial, however I've played CMS15 and I know that walking to the garage port will give me the option to leave the garage. My issue here is that some new often young players have a difficult time finding out about this, and without patience and abilities to google it, it really ruins the gameplay, unfortunately. Along with countless of bugs, both minor and major, that's about it with my rant.I still find the game interesting, and of course entertaining. I'm sure that when the developers have fixed the bugs, this game will be the best in the series. With more engines, more realistic ways of doing things, like spring removal, tire removal, tire balancing etc. the game really has more activities and challenges, and is less repetitive. I do wish however that the spring pulling machine would have a more realistic animation, as I can't see at all what the purpose of moving up a few centimetres has.I love that you can upgrade your garage, and research new and exciting technologies and skills. You may find barns on the map where you can buy parts and cars which you can use in your own or your customers vehicles!And actually I'm not done with my rant. Why do relatively new cars (younger than 10 years) have a rusted paintwork, and the alloy wheels are covered with rust as well? Who came up with that idea? Have you ever been outside looking at real cars? Please change this. It seems like nobody cares about their cars.Those were all my thoughts yet. I know there are lots of negative features, but I really can't put a negative review on a game I enjoy so much, especially when it's just released. Will update review later if I don't forget about it :)"
76561197994629499,Recommended,645630,33876145,Posted: 29 July,all,kvn,"The game is pretty cheap in my opinion.Everybody is whining on bugs etc, but I don't because I haven't encountered them. But I dont have a potato pc.I wish though they would add an option to turn off motion blur"
76561198215987949,Recommended,645630,34010970,Posted: 4 August,all,mswire6896,"This game is a great add on to car mechanic simulator 2015 which i have over 1,000 hours on and all the dlc. There is a lot of new stuff to do in this game. It had a little bit of a rocky start but with a new update every day the bugs will disappear. I also plan to buy every new dlc that comes out. Keep up the good work playway and do not mind the haters."
76561198098659427,Recommended,645630,34023794,Posted: 4 August,all,akrub.jr,"Ive just waited some time before writing this review, I believe most of the bugs are fixed already, the game is cool, I see improvements in lot of things, I believe with 20 EUR price I can recommend to buy for all people who loves this kind of games."
,Recommended,645630,34073631,Posted: 6 August,all,schoolblack21,"DO NOT JUMP ON THE SHAME TRAIN RIGHT OUT OF THE GATE. Yes the game was buggy at first but the developers are working hard on patches to fix what is broken. I have seen 4 patches since I started playing the game and they have fixed alot of the bad bugs. The game is solid even though it is port from consoles. Alot of us dont know what its like to program a game including me, but at least they have took action to help rectify what was wrong. Im giving it a thumbs up fellers"
,Not Recommended,645630,34143494,Posted: 10 August,all,Boomahly,"SO BAD, LOST MY SAVED FILES TODAY, SO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ HAVE TO START OVER..."
,Recommended,645630,33882555,Posted: 29 July,all,oi no my nicc,"I am somewhat dissapointed.I waited for this game to be released for so long, and I am ashamed to see what came of it. Let me point out everything I don't like about this.- No hotkeys- UI is hard to understand from previous games- No optimization (ATM) (is being fixed...)- Many bugs- Many controls are switchedHowever, there are some good things I do enjoy about this game that I've seen.- Great Graphics- Licensed Cars- Many More Parts- License Plates- Race TrackThese are just a select few I've noticed from playing already. Honestly, don't buy the game now. Wait until all of the bugs are patched out. I've already had a bug that won't let me past my first mission, so I hope this gets fixed. Honestly, It's a good game, just needs some house cleaning."
76561198059640748,Not Recommended,645630,33923877,Posted: 31 July,all,CheftonUTD,Feels like a big downgrade compared to its predecessor.
,Not Recommended,645630,33871536,Posted: 28 July,all,Mctwist,Unoptimized pile of garbage.  Even the main menu lags to hell.  Terribly disappointed.
76561198093112423,Not Recommended,645630,33877265,Posted: 29 July,all,Superbrain8,Blackscreen Simulator 2018
,Not Recommended,645630,34195089,Posted: 12 August,all,SpeRiouS,"Don't buy this game, i bought it and after 3 days it stopped working.I'm trying to play and it's frozen on the loading screen and I can't find a helpful solution."
,Not Recommended,645630,34199324,Posted: 12 August,all,Brains_Ironically,"Could not get beyond initial menu, nothing worked.Will probably try again in a few months, looks like it would be a fun game."
76561197979573282,Not Recommended,645630,33876406,Posted: 29 July,all,Gorlos,Really bad controls. No shortcut keys to do anything (except esc). You must press freaking esc to get back from every mode. CMS 2015 had decent controls but this new SLOW mouse controlled s#%t makes my elbow ache. Optimazion problems may be resolved but I doubt that controls will stay as they are. I don't remember this bad controls in any PC game since 1990's.I GOT REFUNDED.
,Not Recommended,645630,33879087,Posted: 29 July,all,arindampanja64,Now after the 240mb update today the game stuck at loading screen. Not optimized at all .
76561198198573110,Recommended,645630,33922909,Posted: 31 July,all,Stephen10298,Great game and texters ther are i know u are work to make the game better than the start but i dont need to worry about it thank to good makers of it
76561197971692751,Recommended,645630,34023942,Posted: 4 August,all,Delle(DK),"Great game, and not as bad or filled with bugs as many people write about.Actual after my 76minutes of gameplay i found 0 bugs, and it run perfect on my computer. ( sorry if other had a bad experience though ).  So far i fixed 5 cars without issues.Well if you played car mechanic before then you know what it is all about.. Repaing cars by mounting and unmounting stuff.The new use interface is kind of mediocre but once you get started and get used to the way it work then its not that bad, though I would have liked the right mouse to go back or mouse 3 key to change inbetween assemble/dissemble mode insted of using excape and right clicing and selecting it on the interface screen.Though this is a little annoying ( for me ) then its okay.The game as you can see in the sales videos now allow you to find old cars on the junkyard and buy stuff on auctions and repair and sell with a profit.. that is really nice, just like the old game ( gearhead garage )Els the game is like the previous mechanic simulator you start your career in a small shop from where you can expand and get a modern mechanic shop with everything...  repair cars and earn money and gain experience to upgrade your self and your shop..By the way you start the game with everything in a tutorial, and the way you progress is to go to the garage door and head to the testing track. once you complete this you will get a message to continue the tutorial or stop and start the game.. After that you end up in your own little garage.So far that game is what i expected, and so not 0 bugs for me.Can i recommend the game yes."
76561198130529895,Recommended,645630,34075346,Posted: 6 August,all,AzzaRockstar-22,"just saying i have see soo much bad comments and reveiws on this game but it is actually an awsome game and it only got released a couple of days ago, the first day i played it wich was yesterday, i played it for 13 hours. i mean my game does lagg a tiny bit and i have to put the quality down but i still have one of the worst computers ever and its the only pc game that feels like what a pc game should feel like"
,Recommended,645630,33914898,Posted: 30 July,all,Stickarn,"Great game, Got it flaws with bugs. but it is a new release and still under development. so i clealy understand.8/10, Need Nissan GTR Nismo."
76561198043556176,Not Recommended,645630,34081951,Posted: 7 August,all,Jimpop,BAD GAME! It runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Half the times the game don´t even start.
,Not Recommended,645630,33918875,Posted: 30 July,all,fυzєfχ,Game doesnt have many graphics settings and ran poorly on my pc that has an i7 and a gtx 750ti
76561197998638763,Not Recommended,645630,33894647,Posted: 29 July,all,Longpath,"Basically CMS 2015 with a lot of bugs, slight graphical upgrade at the cost of fps, no 're-thinking' of xp grinding, no change in game mechanics, missing DLCs parts, unfinished etc.Even to a layman the companys timeline and excuses seem suspect. The company insists that the one week delay was due to a 'language pack' error when, upon release of the game its bltantly obvious that this was a rush job. When playing the game you can still see placeholder name for GUI objects. Most cars are clones from cms2015. The machines in your shop along with parts seem to work only when they want to. If anyone had bothered to play the game through at the company they would have instantly discovered all these bugs! Was testing even done?Following things about this game are a joke:- not actually a new game, re-skinned 2015 with gimmicky expansion pack type features.- No character progression- No interesting repair jobs- No Game balance with respect to funds vs xp- All interfaces are a joke, looks like some 2005 flash game- If you go onto unity engine 3D asset store you can find most elements of this game forsale in some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥unity package. It's obvious this studio didnt even write their own code. They have little understanding of it. They've simply taken the 3D asset stores code infrastures and subbed their own♥♥♥♥♥♥in.- Can't adjust any settings. Mouse acceleration nope. Game music has to be in .ogg why would anyone convert to listen when they can easily mute and tab.- Really poor quality for the third installment of a game. Most devs learn from previous iterations of the work.A lot of the language is inconsistent, missing letters or words. Test path doesnt work. New physics engine is just a torque vs friction curve.The world has lost its quality because you publishers keep pushing and forcing things out early, these abortions reflect how quality in the world compared to the early 2000s has dropped so, so low.I will however, stick with the game for all games are like this now. World will end soon anyways. HL3 is developed underground and only the elites will be allowed to play it in their bunkers with Gaben as the world leader."
,Recommended,645630,33940500,Posted: 31 July,all,Kilion,"Yes this game has bugs, some are very frustrating. Im telling you tho, push thru them cause this game just expanded and flew past CMS15. Through all the bugs I still have a crazy fun time playing this and i highly recommend it. The performance issues willl get ironed out im sure of it. Wait a month or so and this game will be bug free ""crosses fingers"" Still it is a very fun/addicting game 8/10."
76561198360294581,Not Recommended,645630,33954885,Posted: 1 August,all,Bingothepup,I have seen this game on youtube. it is a great game but the only thing is the lag. At the moment it is unplayable. I would definitly recomend this game if the lag was fixed.
76561198007330682,Recommended,645630,34038624,Posted: 5 August,all,Beast of War,"Although the game seems to be released before it was ready the devs are very fast to respond to players feedback. Most bugs are gone mere days after release in several patches. I have full trust they will remove all bugs and the game will be completely bugfree.The game itself is an improvement over CMS 15 in the fact you can now use grouped items with a machine, for example to make suspension struts you need to put 3 parts together in a spring compressor. Same goes for tires and rims. Graphics are better too. And there are more parts and more ( complex ) engines. Pistons come grouped with piston rings and brake calipers with brake cylinders. Overall an improvement and very enjoyable.On the other side much has remained the same. Many jobs remain a bit boring like removing and installing brake pads, brake discs and suspension parts. More complex jobs ( such as opening the gearbox which would be as comprehensive as opening the engine ) would have been welcome. And there are no gaskets, no hoses and no fluid other then oil aswell. This is something that has to be improved in my opinion.But overall i am enjoying the game as it was not expensive and did improve over the previous game. So i can recommend it :-)"
76561198043682026,Not Recommended,645630,34105217,Posted: 8 August,all,Wong,"Had 25k 2 minutes later i have 200$ where did my money go? searched on google car mechanic simulator 2018 money cheats. Found the solution, its that easy"
76561198041741414,Not Recommended,645630,34728085,Posted: 3 September,all,danielandcheryl,"horribleafter 5 hours i just replaced every bloody nut and bolt, finally got the car started and now the game is frozen, cant play it, never even got to drive it once. i want my money back [yeah good luck l know] , if the game is not ready dont release it, its that simple"
76561198345863904,Not Recommended,645630,34785757,Posted: 6 September,all,Th3n3rdgaming12,I CANT EVEN PLAY THIS GAME BECAUSE IT WONT LOAD IN THE SCREEN STAYS BLACK
76561198337668536,Not Recommended,645630,33889773,Posted: 29 July,all,Hard Rooster,"Unplayable, doesn't make any sense.This game has absolutely no sense of flow.  Like click here, a menu screen pops up, it doesn't make any intuitive sense.  Click on some part of it, something aparently happens but I can't tell because there's no graphical indication that you are repairing something.  Then, I can't find the part, it's gone.  Painted something, it disapeared, can't reinstall it.  No orders, can't get jobs, can't go to the junk yard, or the auction, etc.The game is as frustrating as the above stream of consciousness is.  There is no tutorial beyond hovering over the tools in the shop, getting a brief description of what they do.  There isn't any hand holding ""here is how the game works"" sort of tutorial.  I just have to try to figure it out, which would be fine if the game actually worked, and had some sort of intuitive system, but the menues are gibberish.  If you're going to make a game that's not intuitive, you better make an intuitive menu system, with an inuitive interface.  This thing is anything but.  It's like trying to install and understand Photoshop or Blender without any context or training.At least Blender and Photoshop have manuals, books and videos.  This game just makes no sense at all.And the gameplay is garbage.  My guy RUNS everywhere.  And its blurry when he moves.  The FPS is bad, even on the lowest settings, despite having a system well within the recommendations.This game has no hope at all, I'll be requesting a refund."
,Recommended,645630,33948718,Posted: 1 August,all,Mackan,"There is no settings what so ever, the only thing you can change is:Graphics quality Low Med High UltraLanguageVysnc Yes or NoFullscreen Yes or NoAudioAnd that's it, no settings for mouse, keybindings. There is so much missing. But If you are hardcore enough you could go into unity and try to change some settings (already tried with notepad++ but I didn't find anything I could change).Very bad optimized but I'm sure they will fix that. Buy with caution but I'm sure they will fix all this so I will recommend this game (for now)."
,Recommended,645630,33964834,Posted: 1 August,all,Ramirez,"I want to start this review saying that I know I have not much time playing the game(2.8hrs at this moment), but I can give a honest opinion.I think people are been overdramatic with this game in it's current state, it's playable AND enjoyable, yes it has some bugs and it might crash in some specific moments, but they haven't stop me from playing and having fun, I play for almost 3 hrs and had 1 minor bug, were my screen ""froze"", but I could open the menu, so I saved, exit and re-enter and everything was fine.The controls still feel somewhat rough, the game tends to set your pointer at the middle of the screen too much so you often need to lift your mouse and move it, kinda annoying but nothing bad, walking and driving feels good and the working camera are good. My only problem here is that you're unable to tune anything at the moment, I'm pretty sure they'll add it, I'll just like to fix camera controls, but meh...NOW the important part of my review and why I support the game and encourage people to support the game:Developers are working hard to fix every problem from the game, I got the game 2 days ago and I think they've send 4 or 5 update to fix stuff, developers ARE WORKING HARD to make the game better and I think we must appreciate this.TL:DR: If you want to get a full finished game to play with not a single frame drop, bug/glitch, etc, don't buy the game, it's clear developer didn't had time to finish the details and test it, but if you wanna play a good and relaxing game and don't mind a couple of bugs/glitches or a suddenly crash, then go for it, you'll enjoy the game, I promise."
,Recommended,645630,33965821,Posted: 2 August,all,Operatus Maximus,"This game definitely had a bad launch. However gameplay is great, visuals are amazing.The devs seem to be releasing daily (or near as) patches to fix bugs, and I reckon if that trend continues, this game will be worth way more than the $20 asking price very quickly.If you enjoyed the previous games, I'd say go ahead and grab it.If you are interested, but not sure if you'd play it alot, I recommend waiting a few weeks, at which point the game should be much more polished.TL;DR - It's already worth the buy, and it's getting better every day."
,Not Recommended,645630,34629256,Posted: 31 August,all,mochamad.adrian,"Too many bugs, ex Bolt Cape cannot change front shock absorber"
76561198287471316,Not Recommended,645630,34672754,Posted: 1 September,all,epicredkiller2002,"I just bought the game and ran into a bug that pretty much breaks the game. For whatever reason, when I put a car on a lift, it won't let me lift it. Honestly, I wish I could give it a good review, graphics are great and all, but with all the bugs, it just seems it was rushed."
,Not Recommended,645630,34540188,Posted: 27 August,all,Larry,"played about 30 minutes of this game... cant get past the part to add the tire back on... automatically goes into disassemble mode when im in assemble mode...gonna uninstall until they can get everything fixed...other than that, it seems like it CAN be a good game.... in the near future"
76561198114966099,Recommended,645630,34497667,Posted: 25 August,all,tc49er,"hi i played this game before and loved it so i got 2018 but when i go to play it, its very slow and goes by frame by frame please help me fix this i cant do anything because of how slow it is"
76561198246036130,Not Recommended,645630,34806423,Posted: 7 September,all,devinwelch.drw,Lags so badly and riddled with bugs absolutlely unplayable i can even make it to the tutorial!
,Not Recommended,645630,33867531,Posted: 28 July,all,MeeZyG,Not optimized. Options are nearly nonexistent. No tutorial. No controls menu. No direction on where to start with the game. You basically have to figure stuff out in the nightmare that is FPS lag and mouse acceleration. I might have to refund and buy 2015.
76561197970917930,Not Recommended,645630,33860172,Posted: 28 July,all,Stefamon,Unfinished prodct. It doesn't even start properly let alone let me play. Too bad since the advertising promised so many things that would be nice to try out. --> Refund.
,Not Recommended,645630,33862190,Posted: 28 July,all,Dezirex,Bad optimasation
76561198104950026,Not Recommended,645630,33862504,Posted: 28 July,all,123,"Full of bugs, I would stay away.  The devs also blocked customers from their community chat because they didn'tt agree with them.  Terrible customer service by REDDOT and Playway.  Game is pretty much like 2015 even after their so called 36 months."
,Not Recommended,645630,33860512,Posted: 28 July,all,Lone Wolf,worst in the series
76561198065813757,Not Recommended,645630,33862118,Posted: 28 July,all,Nyiri,"I played a lot with CMS 15 and I bought all of its DLC-s. I like it. After some hours it was too repetive, so I unistalled after 35 hours. But It was fun, because it was new and interesting and unique. I was curious about CMS2018, but the trailers and screenshot weren't convincing. Its was looked like: ""CMS2015 with new graphics"". It is. It has some new features but this games is booring after 40 minutes. Too slow and the circe style menu during assembly/disassembly is very very annoying. The extra tools are really slow. For example. 4 tire disassembly, take apart, take together, balancing, assembly took 10 minutes and I just watched the tool animations. Imagine this for next 1000 cars. IT'S BOORING!Anyway, I don't understand the PC requirements too, because the graphic quality is not as good as I expected.Not recommended."
76561198140307219,Not Recommended,645630,33862177,Posted: 28 July,all,aaronk.94,"they say they worked on the game for 800 days and blah blah blah but yet half an hr in i found hundreds of problems with it. parts i buy go missing magically, painting works when it wants to or you have to restart the game, put parts on 5min later it says the parts are worn after they were brand new, etc the list goes on and on. they did one update and that was for a mouse problem at the main menu. i think a mouse problem is one of the less things to worry about when you can use your arrow keys at the menu. HIGHLY NOT RECOMMENDING this game until everything is fixes might that another 800 days."
76561198329027489,Not Recommended,645630,33862261,Posted: 28 July,all,lawson.kaden,Game is LAGGY. Extremely buggy and was obviously not ready to be released. Paid $25 for a completely awful game. Will request a refund.
,Not Recommended,645630,33862142,Posted: 28 July,all,Ernst The Ace,"Terribly optimized and unfinished. Many game breaking bugs that prevent you from finishing jobs. Extremely confusing and awkward to use GUI, CMS 2015 had miles better interfaces. After 800 days of development and a week of delay it turns out to be a steaming pile, what a shame.2/10 Do not buy."
76561197970364423,Not Recommended,645630,33862145,Posted: 28 July,all,jim,"Poor. Just Poor. Gets on my♥♥♥♥♥♥that they find it acceptable to release in this state. Did they all give eachother the thumbs up and say ""yep that will do, some sucker will buy it"". Refund please."
,Not Recommended,645630,34712627,Posted: 3 September,all,Kurosowa,Worst controls in any game i ever seen
76561198165427543,Recommended,645630,34522707,Posted: 27 August,all,FallenShadow4,good game
76561198271870028,Recommended,645630,34020108,Posted: 4 August,all,zaimzainal1996,The max fps can I get only 15fps... I5 5700U Amd radeon r5 6gb ram... Can u please make more video setting so that I can get better fps... Pls
76561198215408125,Recommended,645630,34044714,Posted: 5 August,all,MoneyMonkey55,"I like this game a lot, but it is not quite ready. I think this game will be fixed and be amazing!! :)"
,Recommended,645630,34052162,Posted: 5 August,all,I'm A Redneck And I'm Proud,"I love your games! It runs a but slow, but thats because of me only having a generic Dell laptop, so not your fault. best performance would likely be on a Gaming Oriented Computer. Only Ive had was with the dodge dlc having the rear distributor clip on the 6pack for the challenger being called !klips_2. everything else is great. Btw, would reccomend an ing ame music on/off option. i like the menu music but not the in game music, also not your fault, just a personal opinion. Keep on keeping on! Hope you add some more cars and mechaincs in the futrue, maybe online auctions, and being able to sell multiple items at once. Overall, a fairly good game. Would give about a 8/10 or 4/5 stars if that were possible."
76561198345836609,Recommended,645630,34052180,Posted: 5 August,all,demonboy614,"Very fun great game if you have a good computer, otherwise the game is very laggy, slow, and sucks"
76561198159692294,Recommended,645630,34072738,Posted: 6 August,all,memapa65,the ♥♥♥♥ing thing want ♥♥♥♥ing work yall need to refund my money i havent play the game i have been installing and trying to friuge out what the ♥♥♥♥ wrong with it yall took my ♥♥♥♥ing money
76561198210480727,Recommended,645630,34073941,Posted: 6 August,all,chevyfan22,please bring back hotkeys like 1 to take part off and 2 to put back on and... well you get it once you add this back the game will be useable again
,Not Recommended,645630,33901286,Posted: 30 July,all,Salt 'n' Burn,"This game is not complete at all. Optimization problems, terrible setting where you cannot change mouse acc.,Refunding now, hope you won't turn into one of those gaming companies that pushes unfinished games"
,Not Recommended,645630,33910504,Posted: 30 July,all,EthanGee96,"Hopefully there are some updates that help optimise this game better, I can play Just Cause 3 on max settings with no issues whatsoever, However on this I'm struggling to even run on medium.... Hopefully it's just some teething issues with it being a new game.If you have a low-mid PC then i don't recommend buying until the performance issues are fixed."
,Recommended,645630,34055037,Posted: 6 August,all,have a boy,"The game itself runs a bit on the iffy side, but it's still a good way to relax."
76561198097750729,Not Recommended,645630,33893653,Posted: 29 July,all,Savage,Cant even put tires on says no items to work with fix these bugs soon. Dont recommend the game untill its updated
,Recommended,645630,33895856,Posted: 29 July,all,Templar,"6700k and a NVidia 960 @1920x1080I need to run the game on low with no AA to come close to manageable frames.4 hours in and 2 ""crashes.""  The game UI freezes but it's early and im sure they'll fix it.Pie Chart - please make it go away! I like hitting 1, 2, and 3 for removing, adding, or inspecting.Its '15 with better graphics so far."
,Recommended,645630,34000128,Posted: 3 August,all,dom3thrill3r22,so far its great if only they could add a wiring harness and intake hoses as well as radiator hoses
,Recommended,645630,34006113,Posted: 3 August,all,Taylor Swift's Tiny Butt,"The game is full of bugs, however the base game that is currently working is like the previous Car Mechanic Sims. I've been enjoying all of the time I've spent on the game so far. I think it is a better game than the previous ones and is definitely worth the purchase if you are a fan of the series. If your not a fan, but are interested perhaps wait and keep it on your radar until the game has been polished."
,Recommended,645630,34015842,Posted: 4 August,all,ütiledsÄ,"It gets a bit samey after a while, but can be fun. I'd like to be able to throw a super charger on any V8, but can't work it out."
76561198088943342,Recommended,645630,34016032,Posted: 4 August,all,AerogatoR,"I bought the game knowing that there are a lot of bugs and perfomance issues but after almost 5 hours in game I just encountered the first bug today.Overall the graphics are amazing, the gameplay is almost the same as 2015 (it does need a bit of getting-used-to) and I like the additional tools so far (for suspensions, wheels etc.)I can say I'm not having fun playing it, but they shouldn't release it if it's not 100% ready"
,Recommended,645630,34017134,Posted: 4 August,all,Agent42,"the devs are certainly doing a great job fixing the bugs since the first patch, game is definitely more playable now and i don't have any regrets buying the silver edition. keep up the good work!"
76561198032519181,Recommended,645630,34054915,Posted: 6 August,all,CommanderHorhay,Fun game relaxing and rage making when i didnt know what was wrong with the carGame had problems when it came out but there has been updates and more to come.I love it.
,Recommended,645630,34122072,Posted: 9 August,all,ZiEGE,9/10
76561198007332620,Recommended,645630,34154475,Posted: 10 August,all,lions-bane,"already lads heres the scoop,honestly not a bad game. A little bit of a lack of direction in order to follow the story line but I got the hang of things. Game was sketchy on inital relese but theres been patches almost every other day. Worth the buy. Decent game pretty fun."
76561198138452722,Recommended,645630,33932396,Posted: 31 July,all,Old No 7,"Love every Car Mechanic Simulator created, only wish they would make it Multiplayer so players and sell & swap other designs. anyway yes there are a few bugs but every game has them when released. 2018 is a must buy. only a few days old but rate 5 star, Graphics, New depth parts, Tools, A Lot of parts from shop, barn finds, And the dev's are quick to fix & update. two Thumbs up."
76561197967495904,Recommended,645630,33879106,Posted: 29 July,all,defty WoNdEr,would certanly by it again just with patians it will runn smooth
76561198096194372,Recommended,645630,33879107,Posted: 29 July,all,ELECTRO,haha my gearbox turned into a oil pan //seriously no joke..my friends gearbox turned into an oil filter hahaha .........realy loved cms2015 so i'm hoping they fix all these buggy issues quickly but sofar a nice game
76561198034835253,Not Recommended,645630,33890704,Posted: 29 July,all,69sean,"First game on Steam I felt compelled to request a refund for.  Wasn't tested well at all before release, wasn't able to complete a simple brake job after 5 separate attempts because the game thinks a brake caliper is a wheel after it's been removed and can't be reinstalled.  Controller support is clunky at best, arrows don't work to select tire sizes in store for example, unable to access virtual keyboard to type anything with controller.  Mouse and keyboard also feels clunky.  Driving physics are incredibly bad.Did not experience performance issues others complained about but game is unplayable in it's current state with all the bugs.Edit:  As of the v1.2.0 release the game is stable on a high-end gaming PC, I see video glitches occasionally but no crashes.  The controller support is still lacking and I notice the game description now reads 'partial controller support' only.  This is a bit annoying because I got this game specifically to play from the couch with a controller.Playing up through levels 12-15 was okay, after that it just becomes a grind.  By level 15 you've had ample opportunity to do several complete re-builds from the cars you pick up in the junkyard or barn finds.  Then it's a grind up to 20 where you can buy also cars at auction and do the same.At level 30 you'll unlock the paint shop and be able to sell halfway decent looking car, and not until level 35 can you finally repair body parts.  I feel most players won't make it past level 20, the game is too shallow to enjoy for a long grind.I feel like opportunities were missed to introduce skill-based elements to the game.  Make us gap plugs, use a torque wrench on bolt heads, a timing light to set timing, etc..  Slow the gameplay down, take more time to finish a job and give better experience rewards"
76561198027149110,Recommended,645630,33902647,Posted: 30 July,all,Loboz74,Whats wrong with you people. This game is excellent it has all I want along with some great added content from CMS 15.- I bought the game- I downloaded the game- I am loving the gameHere ends my review
76561198064863256,Not Recommended,645630,33913761,Posted: 30 July,all,Hanzo's Hanzbow,"So to be clear my issue is not frames, its the fact that my game crashed and completely reset my save file and now im forced to restart from the begining. i think the game is good but i dont think it should be considered a full release, i think it should be considered early access."
,Recommended,645630,34017332,Posted: 4 August,all,snaker,like game
,Recommended,645630,33922669,Posted: 31 July,all,jaxxjones,This is a fun simulation game and i would recommend getting it!
,Recommended,645630,34004275,Posted: 3 August,all,Seed,"Rewritten as of 1.22. There are still things missing, including some rather obvious things such a controls or an option disable the auto-zoom that was in previous versions. There is no dyno and no performance parts yet.However, compared to the state at launch it is quite stable now, and the devs are pumping out patches and adding stuff almost daily, a much needed break for the devs aside. This makes me very confident that what is still broken will be fixed, and what content was promised delivered.Now about the game itself. For those that have played prior versions, this one is/will be better than the previous ones. There is a bit more complexity with a few parts of the car added, but much is the same in that area. Evolution, not revolution - pretty much in general.Seeing your garage upgrade step by step feels rewarding for the usual ""grind"", but in the end, it does not feel like grind to me.After all, I bought this game with the expectation of a relaxing game in which you take broken cars apart and put them back together in a better state. There is enough complexity in the vehicles to be interesting, but far from actual complexity of cars, which would really not make for a good game (for most people anyway) - the balance is right.So that is what you do. You fix cars. If you know a little bit about cars, there is no really big challenge at all in the game, and that is also what I kind of appreciate. If you don't know much about cars, you can learn a bit more with this game, don't worry, you'll master it soon enough and can tell a tierod from a conrod in no time.A fun time waster, but there is no pressure. You can set yourself goals like ""restore this car from junk to a 100% state in less than xxx minutes"", but that is completely up to you. If you want to take an hour, take an hour. There is no rush at all, there is no competition. After a hectic day at work, that just hits the spot for me.9/10 - minus 2 for launching the game in the state it was without calling it early access and 0-day DLC's, plus one for owning up and coming up with the goods after all. The game concept itself is a 10/10 for me."
76561198067692193,Recommended,645630,34010297,Posted: 4 August,all,krel,Fun game even with minor bugs. Bugs are getting fixed fast anyway. This is the perfect game to relax and waste time in.
76561198110341905,Recommended,645630,34023541,Posted: 4 August,all,Extensiionblu3,This game is awesome. Devs are awesome. It gets kinda grindy and I almost never pick brake and suspension jobs anymore lol Trans jobs are the way to go. The game was pretty buggy but everyday I play this game theres another update. Like literally every single day. great job devs!!
76561198202508784,Recommended,645630,34052933,Posted: 5 August,all,miketrue22,"Car Mechanic Sim 18. Personally, I love the game, the graphics, and the building of my own cars, the game is spectacular. I'm not going to lie this game has bugs and yes, they will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game but, this game is knew and needs a little bit of a polish but trust me spending $20 on this game will not be a mistake if you love cars and love collecting your own show of them. At this stage I think this game is worth a 6/10 but worth more updates and more players coming on i have no doubt that this game will raze to a 7/10 or even an 8/10."
76561198013758367,Recommended,645630,33887259,Posted: 29 July,all,[W.I.S.P]Albrat,"1 week later -  We are 10 patches in, the Developers Red dot game and Play way have been amazing, fixing the issues with the game as quickly as they can.  Alot of the bugs are gone. (some still remain and some of the fixes introduced new bugs - Which is to be expected.)  But overall the game is easier to play now.  Alot of the crashes and other game breaking things are gone.I suggest to people to try playing the game now. But note that the tutorial is what you first start in.  Make sure to read the first dialogue, it says to do a test drive in a car and once you finish the test drive the tutorial ends.Anyway here was my origional review ::: ----ORIGIONAL REVIEW BELOWFirst thing is first...  This review is done while the game is still in the first day of release.Many patches have been done to fix many of the issues that Might be mentioned in this review.I actually reccomend buying this game even with the problems and issues with day one release.Pros  -Its a car mechanic simulator that gives very detailed recreation of a vehicle, you can modify massive amounts of detail on the cars.  You can strip the engine down to small pieces and rebuild it from scratch (just like in the CMS15 and 14)  There are a few new parts as well.You can split assemblies of parts down to replace just the parts you need too.  Eg. Rims and tyres make a wheel.there are many more tools available to use.There is a storm mode to follow, which also will increase your games difficulty level as you advance (also unlocking more features and skills through the skill tree.)It is basically a level up based game still.Beautifully modelled cars and super detailed items. (even on medium and low settings.)  (NB: I had isssues with High graphics settins on a good GFX card.)Cons -Many launch bugs (being fixed.)performance issues with the game on basic computer hardware. (I can run on High but it is a little laggy. 17 FPS)Some game breaking bugs in the GUI.Tutorial is not the best,  You start the game in the tutorial on your first launch with any profile.  The problem is that the game does not inform you of this fact.  You do not get any information about what you need to do to complete this tutorial.  NB: You need to take one of the cars that you have for a test drive at the test track. (I played 92 minutes before finding this out.)  After you do this test drive you start the proper game.I failed my first game by spending 92 minutes in the tutorial dismantling a car and selling the only drivable car...  then found out that I needed to drive a car to exit the tutorial (new game time...)The UI is a bit awkward to use.Lack of game options and graphics settings.The mouse controls are terrible.Part zooming is back. That got patched as an option in CMS15.  You click a part, start dismantling and POP your camera zooms back (usually resulting in you clicking on a part at the other side of the car and popping over there because the zoom to part is on the same button as the dismantle button.)Broken UI elements that cause you to get stuck in a menu or to have problems (use of camera glitches to access items.) etc.-------Anyway...  The game is worth buying, It is a very good game, even in its current state it is worth the purchase.  But some of the bugs are really annoying when you get to them.  I suggest buying the game and letting it sit in your Library for a week or two untill the devs can crunch through the long list of bugs (ever growing list of bugs currently. We find more by the hour and they are fixing them.)"
76561197991736035,Recommended,645630,33896002,Posted: 29 July,all,drakkhen_20,"ok first off this game was just released. so yes it has bugs. performance wise as everyone is complaining about all i have to say its not for your economy built laptops or PCs you buy from walmart. i havent seen any problems or drops in framerate. basically if you like CMS 2015 then youll like this one as well. basic same layout. the pie chart will take some getting used to though as you find yourself walking up to cars and pressing the ""O"" button to bring up the details like in CMS 15 and nothing happens. i like the upgrade system and seems pretty straight forward. still have some of the unrealistic placements of parts despite the popular cars you see in the screen shots but hey its a game and companies like Ford, Dodge, and such have Copy Rights and legal stuff that prevents them from designing it exact. but its still nice to see an occasional real brand car come into the garage. get past the tutorial and just enjoy it and be patient. im sure theyll work out the bugs over time. still a good game."
,Recommended,645630,33939653,Posted: 31 July,all,Carbon Skillz,"Good so far, make sure you have a good performance laptop or desktop that can do at least 3.5 ghz."
76561198236111910,Recommended,645630,33944131,Posted: 1 August,all,Xero1989,There is tons of glitch in this game
76561198113148042,Recommended,645630,33947247,Posted: 1 August,all,DarkPaapi,Yeah. Right now is more like an Early access. Keep on working guys its not over yet :)
76561198007282622,Recommended,645630,33947547,Posted: 1 August,all,krister66,"Starting to be a good game again =)Now Patch 1.05To start with the game was were broken at the start, I almost did go for a refund, it was that bad.Broken save games after hours of grinding? cars that u bought disappearing? Missing parts can't complete missions etc. Still waiting to get to get a barn ""find"" as the prices is ridiculously high?But now its playable and enjoyable at least.I hope and think the bugs left and the features missing will be there soon with the speed the devs are updating now *thumbs up*So playable and soon (really)good?"
,Recommended,645630,33962523,Posted: 1 August,all,Crimson Blood,"WHY DONT YOU ASK IF YOUR SURE YOU WANT TO START A NEW GAME!!!!!!!! SO MUCH PROGRESS LOST!!!!!! WTF. And you cosole doesnt even work for giving me back xp or money im less mad about losing the car i had bought and more about the money. I am literaly so mad i want to return the game, and that coming from someone who has never returned a game in his life. i count it as a loss and move on. Give me console commands to get my xp lvl, and money back!!! ive decided for now to give you one more chance but fix this!!!!!!"
76561198040298465,Recommended,645630,33963211,Posted: 1 August,all,DaveAllOver,"This is an awesome next step for this genre. The ability to go out and salvage, purchase old and new cars. Completely rebuilding them and keeping for your own amusement or to sell, or auction.I for sure would recommend this title, despite some of the early buggyness. They've been releasing hot fix after hotfix, and they seem very committed to restoring their legacy. All those smucks who refunded are going to be very sorry... then again, children are rarely sorry for their impatients and will just have to pay a higher price later.This is a great game."
76561198016022921,Recommended,645630,33965563,Posted: 2 August,all,outka5t,"Alright... So many will disagree with my recommendation for this game. I understand it has it's bugs. I have already had to close and lose progress twice due to finishing a job and getting a black screen error where it does not save the game. However, seeing the new features and how great the previous CMS games were I have faith. The devs have issued statements already stating they shouldn't have released the game in the state it is in. They also said they are working constantly to get the game stable and make it everything it is supposed to be. All the new features added onto the gameplay CMS 15 (which I loved) plus the upgraded graphics make this a great game. Give it time. But Buy it and I think you won't be disappointed after everything is running smoothly as it should."
,Recommended,645630,34056131,Posted: 6 August,all,S21L1,"After some patches, this is the game, that we all wanted after the cms15. Definitely recommended, if you liked the previous games."
76561198029329715,Recommended,645630,34056596,Posted: 6 August,all,aaron_85555,Really good game it was a bit buggy at first but what game isn't on release . The developers need to pat themselves on the back they have been working flat out with patches to make the game really stable
76561198333434881,Recommended,645630,34062735,Posted: 6 August,all,worx4_GamingTradeSkinsFast.com,i bought the game and have so far spent 2 and a half hours working out why it wont go to the main menu screen it plays everything before that just bfine but then will not go any further... my graffics card and pc is capable enough to run the game so im not sure why im getting this problem and am not able to get into the game can anyone please help me with this
76561197997851847,Recommended,645630,34066516,Posted: 6 August,all,Nire,very fun and good!
76561198386392631,Recommended,645630,34066835,Posted: 6 August,all,dyland,dont get me wrong i like the game alot but when i go to play it its very buggy and i had to stop playing it cause it was really hard to move around
76561198051089448,Recommended,645630,34092793,Posted: 7 August,all,Emo,"Pros+ Great graphical imporvements over 2015, albeit poorly optimized+ Batch purchasing (Buy all four tires at once). I wish you could also get bulk pricing on common items (10% off fuel filters if you buy them by the dozen or something)+ Tires come with different diameters, profiles, widths, making them more diverse+ When (un)bolting, your mouse becomes locked, making it impossible for your mouse to slip off the boltCons- Control feels much more sluggish compared to 2015. Movement gains momentum, which I don't like- Unintuitive control. Entering ""place mode"" in 2015 was as simple as hitting 2 on the numrow. Now I need to open a menu to change modes, slowing me down.- Selecting a part to install requires  you to click on the part in the upper menu, not in the part list like you could in 2015. I actually had to find a guide online to figure this out.- Tires need to be removed from wheels, replaced, then balanced all individually, which results in you simply watching the wheel spin on the balancer. This needs to be done before you can put the wheel back on the vehicle. Some may find this more immersive, but I just found it time consuming.- Game still does not penalize you for not follwing star patterns on bolts.- Huge performance issues. I am currently using a factory overclocked GeForce 970 at 2560x1080 and I am able to get 60 FPS only on medium settings.Notable Points* Some people are reporting there are gamebreaking issues and the devs and publishers are acknowledging this. I have yet to find them and will not be refunding the game. Although it has issues, the features they are trying to include is a huge leap forward from 2015."
76561198098784459,Recommended,645630,34111166,Posted: 8 August,all,Killconfirmed427,"This game was broken, lets face it at the time of writing this it still is. However, every day or so there has been an update. 50+ mb or so. Just goes to show the devs realize there mistakes and are backpeddling hard. Goes to show they actually care a bit about there game, for some reason that is hard for modern devs."
,Recommended,645630,34113769,Posted: 8 August,all,Mandarin,"I wasn't sure I was going to like this game but I find that I do. The heart of the game is basically finding and fixing  cars. You take on a job, run tests on the car, or simply look around the car pulling parts and replacing them with new ones. You make money by taking on these jobs and you can use the money to buy cars for yourself and the parts to make them go. Not a bad game overall.I really like the fact that the devs have been working hard to update the game. At this time, I see new patches almost every day and there has been a strong movement to balance the game. Cars you buy at the junkyard are junk, but are now affordable enough to purchase during the early game. Barnyard, shed, and auction cars are better cared for but more expensive, and salon cars are insanely expensive.I don't much care for the games leveling system as it doesn't make much sense. You need to grind up your character to unlock skills, and to unlock building features. For instance, you can't unlock the paint shop until level 30 and it takes around ten jobs on average to reach the next level. This makes fixing the cars you buy difficult to like as they end up being a mismatched collection of new and used parts.I think I would have prefered to use money to buy shop upgrades, cars, and car parts, and use the level points to increase skills like remove parts faster, better prices, etc. If the shop upgrades would have required money (an increasing amount per tier), then the you would be forced to decide if you want to spend your hard enarned money on new parts for your cars, or if you want to try and fix parts for less money which is always a gamble."
76561198176655537,Recommended,645630,34367166,Posted: 20 August,all,tangodeltasparks,A Good game more detail I had to upgrade my Graffic card to play it but once I done that plays perfectly I can play it for hours
76561197988542984,Recommended,645630,34768718,Posted: 5 September,all,Guile,It's so nice!
,Recommended,645630,33935840,Posted: 31 July,all,AdmiralSean,"Lovely game for people who are into cars! The developers are also hard-working on all of the issues us players face, just as they were for 2015. Most of the negative reviews placed on the first day of release were upset because the game got delayed and started with issues just like most games that get released. Playway/Red Dot are very dedicated! Recommend this to all friends who have a desire to have simple grind mechanics for when they need to relax."
76561198408694864,Recommended,645630,33956811,Posted: 1 August,all,tonigirl,"The game is awesome, I love how u can go to the junkyard and collect old parts, you can also do barn finds and restore old cars,and you can go to car auctions and bid money for diffrent cars. What I don't like is that when you're reparing other peoples cars, and when you go to the list of the upgrades and changes it says ""item not yet to be found"" but atleast it gives u a challenge. So if u like Mechanics or cars,reparing,racing,and driving then this is the game for you on steam.                               The price is $19.99 but theres a special offer that ends on August 4, 2017 and the price is $17.99"
,Recommended,645630,33960920,Posted: 1 August,all,Squanchy,"I'm not a reviewer but I have to give credit where it's due. I have had no bugs or glitches since buying on 30 July. The only negative experience I've had is getting mild stuttering on Ultra settings. CMS18 is an expansion on everything that made CMS15 great. There are a few new tools to use adding several steps and layers to the process. A couple of review's I've seen are complaining about the circle selection wheel; It's not a bad addition, just something new you have to get used to and it'll be second nature. If you enjoyed CMS15, you'll enjoy CMS18. It's that simple. I'm running a GTX 1070, Quad core i7-4820k 3.7GHz, 16Gig RAM."
,Recommended,645630,33966064,Posted: 2 August,all,The Saviour [NL],needs more work but i give the dev the time for it i love i so far keep up the great work :D
76561198052354127,Recommended,645630,34029472,Posted: 4 August,all,rrjohn,It was a rough start but the devs worked hard on fixing everything. Really enjoy this game they added more detail to the whole game play
76561197972039165,Recommended,645630,34109052,Posted: 8 August,all,Penny Lee,"This game deserves a posative rating just from being  updated so much by the devs.  I love this game as much as the other versions, looks better and some nice ideas.The problem like so many games released on multi platforms is trying to make things work on all and not enough effert given with the sole platform like the old days.  When will the devs learn, its better to create on a pc, for a pc then port it to the lower level tin boxes, at least then you have a fully stable and tested version running.  brings in posative ratings and cash flow."
,Recommended,645630,34111529,Posted: 8 August,all,The Gutchee,I enjoy this game. Some may say that it's an obscure game but it seems to me like its an elaborite puzzle game done differently. i played 2014 cms and this one blows it out of the water with how many other things you can do. And with all the comments complaining about the game's bugs and frame rates. the devs are consistantly updating with a lot of updates. (I think ive updated it 2 or 3 times since i got it a week ago) It's a solid fun game. All the tutorial does is tell you what does what in the shop so you may have a rough time starting off but i never needed to use the net to figure stuff out.considering its a $20 game its pretty solid with dev support and updates to come. I would strongly reccomend
,Recommended,645630,33948618,Posted: 1 August,all,Cam3n2123,"I bought this game as I have CMS 2014, & CMS 2015, and wanted to see what the devs put out this time and was really hoping for a major increase in realism and immersion... well when I purchased this game, I absolutely loved the fell of the game, yet there are still plenty of bugs to be worked out as well as features the haven't been added yet such as achievments which is the biggest one for me. The game isn't all that optimized yet as well, for most people if not all have to play on Medium Graphics and still run at 20fps. Now with all that said.... I would reccomend this game to anybody who is a fan of simulators, and/or cars. I have faith in the Dev team on this game to fix all the bigs, and work their ""Pest Control Magic"" on this one!"
76561198067597385,Recommended,645630,33964711,Posted: 1 August,all,JadedParadise,"Needs polishing, but since release, a new patch has been released every day. Play Way and Red Dot are not going to abandon this. If they put the same care into this as they did '15, it'll be even better than '14 or '15  was.So yes, there is room for improvement, but there are awesome new additions making it more realistic. Such as engine hoists and stands, spring compressors (for strut dismantling), wheel/tire mounting and balancing, painting individual parts (not just whole body), etc.Can't wait for what is to come as far as DLC and general improvements."
76561198158415085,Recommended,645630,33966022,Posted: 2 August,all,Motbon,Its a good game but its really poorly optimised
,Recommended,645630,33963364,Posted: 1 August,all,xxkenworthxx,"Game is fun, but repetative.  I like the new interface and contols.  It does take some getting used to but it feels faster than ever before.  I also like the new graphics in the game.  Overall feels like an improvement over the last one."
76561198012580202,Recommended,645630,33970071,Posted: 2 August,all,PizzaSocks,"Note - I received a 10% discount as I owned CMS15.A lot of complaints for this game have come from the optimization so I'll address that first. Personally I haven't dropped below 30 FPS in game, and generally get 40-60. There can be some choppy moments, I've found if you hold two movement keys when not looking straight ahead it gets a little odd, but nothing bad.As for bugs, I haven't encountered a black screen that made me have to reload. The worst I've had is after finishing a job I had to reload, but it's a minor thing. The only other bug I've really encountered is the repair bill requesting a new bench seat, but the day I noticed this it was fixed in a patch.As for the actual game, it's pretty enjoyable. Yes, a little grindy, but if you suddenly had a three lifter garage in 20 minutes of game it would seem a bit cheap. There's nothing groundbreaking in terms of gameplay, but everything feels improved on. The radial wheel is easy to use (Even though it feels like this was a needed change for console), the amount of customization options is a nice touch.If you've played any of the other games and want more, but improved, I'd say buy it. Remember you have two hours of gameplay that you can request a refund in, so if your rig can't take it you haven't wasted money."
76561198062000198,Recommended,645630,34058022,Posted: 6 August,all,ap2831381,"Deep detail simulator, Job is full of surprise and auto save.In order to get full experience, you must grind exp. to maxlevel first.Conclusion,Not reccomend for casual player, this game is for hardcore auto geek.After patch 1.12, I hadn't found program bug until now."
,Recommended,645630,34062639,Posted: 6 August,all,donut,"Nice upgrade of the previous CMS game. UI works fine, keyboard shortcuts are still there and operations are nice and fast.Only minor bugs encountered so far. Engine stand is wonky when used along the engine hoist. Loading times way faster than in 2015. Wohoo! That used to be a total drag.Nice improvement over the older 2015. Had a bad launch, but looks like it's fixed now. Dyno still unavailable, probably will come in soon. Daily patches are bringing in lots of new bugfixes and some missing features.Most likely the publisher ran out of money and had to do something drastic on purpose. I suppose they didn't have time to enable a proper early accesss style of publication. That would've actually been just fine. Publishing a ""finished"" game in this state was not, as you can see from other reviews."
76561197994332449,Recommended,645630,34062753,Posted: 6 August,all,firedragon006csgo111.com,can we get cars with lower amaunt of parts
76561198075294647,Recommended,645630,33935743,Posted: 31 July,all,Macleander,great game!
76561198170020947,Recommended,645630,33939380,Posted: 31 July,all,DylHD,Best one yet :)
76561198055143045,Recommended,645630,33944635,Posted: 1 August,all,Steve-o @onlineLan,The game can be alright if you have some understanding of cars.. unlike me!Check out my video on ithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pS6y4aSFX8c
76561197991061054,Recommended,645630,33966181,Posted: 2 August,all,paZarc,"Captivating game: start with one bolt and then the next and next... Nice and easy pace, a little bit of problem solving. Captivating! However, changing brake discs over and over again can get a little tedious. But, eventually you'll be able to build and overhaul your own barnfinds."
76561198175125045,Recommended,645630,33950488,Posted: 1 August,all,TG GreedeeMunky,"While the game had a truly horrible launch. I mean ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. It is a nice addition to the 2015 version.  It still has many bugs and I mean a ♥♥♥♥-ton. To name just a few: when completing a work order the game black screens but somehow you can hit Esc and save your game to load up back to normal. Lug nuts being screwed in backwards. Framerate drops,warehouse not letting you store♥♥♥♥♥♥in it and other minor bugs. I give the devs credit as the game is constantly being updated and patched. So they are busting tail to make it a great game. I have wants and wishes but time will tell. A simple hot key set up to access things on the wheel. Such as hit ""O"" to look at the order. When selling scrap parts a ""junk sell"" or being able to select all the parts to sell at one time vs  constant clicking the part then the yes button. Hell I will even take thr click a part to sell and confirm with either clicking yes or hitting ""Y"". Maybe even designing the layout of your shop vs thr quick add this and have it already preset. Again these are all little things. As a whole. The game is relaxing and fun to play. My son enjoys helping me."
76561197970834459,Recommended,645630,34030977,Posted: 4 August,all,groharlem,"I've been looking forward to this game for quite awhile so I'm somewhat forgiving of all of the bugs and issues the initial release had. I only had 1 crash personally and I was getting annoyed at the no-radio bug but that is now fixed as of 08/05/2017 so the game is far more enjoyable to play. If you've played previous CMS's you'll be right at home and this game is just as addicting as those games. I'm steadily trying to unlock the body/paint shop and I've logged over 20 hours so far and won't stop! They added quite a bit of content but I've yet to unlock the race track so I can't comment on all of it yet.The barn find and junkyard is a cool concept but seems pretty useless when you actually visit them. The parts you find are next to useless and always in really bad condition and the barn find cars are way expensive for what they are. Until you unlock your body shop you won't be able to make money fixing them up anyways. The auctions work the same way as the previous games but you can skip cars quicker. You still get outbid to a ridiculous degree and its pretty annoying but you can still make money fixing up the cars you buy at auction.The new test track is a huge improvement over the previous games and the car handling physics feel much better this time around. The sound effects are still the same engine noise even if you are driving the RX-7 which is somewhat disappointing. I really want to mess with the test track and modifications on your car that I'm assuming are unlockable later on.There are additional diagnostic tools like a fuel pressure meter and elecric meter. They also give you a spring compressor to separate struts, tire mounter/separator and balancer so you will get jobs for tire/rim replacements now. They added window glass to the body of the cars also and you can interact with the interior and remove the seats/steering wheel. I initially was a bit overwhelmed and worried that they are getting TOO detailed but after playing the game for a bit you get used to it and the repair orders aren't bad at all. This also means there is now a wheel shop, tire shop, interior shop and a license plate creation shop that lets you pick countries/state license plates which is kinda cool.The radio now has 8 channels including one that lets you put your own music in a user channel folder using .ogg format. A lot of people hate on this games music but I personally love it and think it is great. The sound effects are largely unchanged but they were never spectactular to begin with.They changed how you upgrade your skills using a psuedo-tree format that also adds tiers in 5-level intervals. It seems to work pretty well and leveling works the same way as before: +1 xp per action you perform and ~100-200 xp for completing work orders. They added a warehouse to your shop that lets you stockpile parts as well. The graphics are quite a bit improved and on my rig they run smoothly. Disabling v-sync seems to help a lot with framerate. I've been getting a solid 60fps even on day one.Outside of all of those changes I'd recommend this game if you liked previous CMS games or if you are intrigued by the concept or a car enthusiast. I personally am a mechanic on the side and find the representations of car procedures to be very accurate although they can get repetitive (like how every car uses a clutch/flywheel for some reason?) All of the hate and bashing is quite unwarranted as it has been less than a week and they have already fixed the majority of game-breaking bugs so go ahead & buy this and enjoy it!"
76561198121868780,Recommended,645630,34062764,Posted: 6 August,all,Tanks Be Rolling,"I have quite a lot of fun playing this game, and it seems decently optimized for mid-range hardware, but not for anything else (from what I can see looking at reviews).I get 30-45FPS with 20fps lows when looking at a lot of parts in the engine bay using my GTX 1050 and AMD A8-5500. As always, I believe my processor is holding back some performance for me. Also, this game may not take advantage of multiple cores, and my single-core performance is terrible. This is on MEDIUM quality settings. I can still run on high, but it does dip to 15 and lower at times."
76561197971399872,Recommended,645630,34108383,Posted: 8 August,all,rapsicurio,"Game is really fun until you dump 10 hours into it only to have your save deleted from a crash bug.Aside from that it really a good new iteration of the game, just maybe wait a week or two until they've got most of the launch bugs fixed"
,Recommended,645630,33907679,Posted: 30 July,all,CasperGaming,If you enjoyed the 2015 game get this one. Yes there are issues but its new and they are putting patches out.  I find the game has some issues but is still very playable and i'm using a 970 and able to stream it at the same time.  I also really enjoy all the new features implemented into the game.  I think its worth the buy its still playable and each patch it does get better.
76561198190132266,Recommended,645630,34028348,Posted: 4 August,all,CrazyGamingQc,ITS REALLY GOOD a little lags but it just came out so its normal
76561198269310036,Recommended,645630,34475326,Posted: 25 August,all,oldsoggy,Great game worth playing because of the support given by the Red Dot Team
,Recommended,645630,34077933,Posted: 7 August,all,The Secret Samurai,"If you played CMS 15, you'll love CMS 18Its a great basis for a game, just a few small bugs now"
76561198253045610,Recommended,645630,34075738,Posted: 6 August,all,epicjim03,great game
76561198303980394,Recommended,645630,33903603,Posted: 30 July,all,hyeesh2005,Car Mechanic Simulator can behard to catch onto but once you do you're good. Awesome game!!!
76561198246602110,Recommended,645630,33957979,Posted: 1 August,all,jahdielzuniga,Has some bugs right now but still super fun!
76561198221023312,Recommended,645630,33863376,Posted: 28 July,all,raffaelle loconte,ist buggy and the hitboxes are bad whenn these bugs fixed ist wold be good fun and100 times better than car mechanic simulator 2015
76561198119654203,Recommended,645630,34649088,Posted: 31 August,all,graphicsbykris,im haveing a prombelm with thr grafex in the game
76561198069805232,Recommended,645630,34800786,Posted: 7 September,all,Redrum Pancakes,"good game... good time passer.... im not a mechanic but i know my way around cars.....ive never played any other CM till this one.... i like it.... but theres some things like unlocking the paint shop at LVL 30.. come on....thats dumb.. cant paint engine parts or rims...atleast you can paint the car..... no "" chrome"" color paint...on some car theres a lower suspension arm to change and you need to highlight that small bushing hiding between to pieces which is hard to see...i dont get the racetrack and airport tracks... since the only thing you can do is drive around...and we understand eachother that this is a mechanic game..... dont expect to see a human driver in the car seat....the auction is completly usless.... all cars are 3 out of 4 stars..... you buy the car and theres nothing to do on it....the junk yard is alright... find a car you want and build it up....which is the point of this game.....needs and engine swap.... needs hoods which have an opeing on top to let pass the super charger intake.....needs more cars... needs a modding communitygraphics in garage 9/10control                     8/10fun                           8/10educational             8/10simulator                 7/10 ( all bolts unscrew as if they are new..... no screw that has been in rust for years will unscrew with ease.... needs a torch)"
,Recommended,645630,34799541,Posted: 7 September,all,Skons,"I am new to the CMS series.Loving it so far.Thank you for a really cool game, and thank you for the hard work going into updates."
76561198104491964,Not Recommended,645630,34689818,Posted: 2 September,all,tiffanypetekyle,needs to fix bugs
76561198180223898,Not Recommended,645630,34408264,Posted: 21 August,all,liuerdai,"I don't think this game is for beginners. I couldn't even pass the tutorial, even after looking up videos on the internet.Here's some details:-If you double click ""paint"", it might cost you another $1000.-I moved one of the cars out of the garage into the parking spot, I couldn't move the car back.-Things are just ""fixed"" no matter if there's actually a problem or not.I hope this game is more beginner-friendly cause I bought it with interest.Please update!"
76561198335941705,Not Recommended,645630,34698984,Posted: 2 September,all,stalsitz,This game laggs like crazy
76561198327753413,Recommended,645630,33872289,Posted: 28 July,all,kateupton2016,i love it so far has a few bugs but more than likely will be fixed after some time
,Recommended,645630,33875253,Posted: 29 July,all,Sgt.Stupid,"GTX 960 2Gb on medium setting runs fine. Get past the tutorial by looking at all new tools and going on a random test-drive, it's about smooth sailing. Came across a possible bug with one of the vehicles i'm working on, i'm sure it will be patched. For those of us who have CMS 2015, $18 isn't a whole lot for this software. The graphics definitely are incredible even on medium. I can see hundreds of hours of gameplay coming in my personal future, but I'll wait for some debugging.After reading through the forums, it's hard for me to argue why a seasoned CMS player WOULDN'T get this next installment. The devs are aware of the bugs and are going to be working long hours to sort this out. Don't let these negative reviews influence your opinion. Do some of your own research, look at the positive reviews and you'll see the light."
76561197999810315,Recommended,645630,33876507,Posted: 29 July,all,m0nK-aw-,"Although all the bugs in the beginning of the game, the Devs. have been working the butts off to fix the errors from the release.  I foresee this game as good as CM 15 if not better.  If you willing to see pass the the initial bugs ( most of which where fixed by the day of release).  This game has most of the potential of what you could imagine.  All i'm saying is don't let Gamers that are expecting a perfect virtual world/Game distrot you view on this game."
76561198169965291,Recommended,645630,33878140,Posted: 29 July,all,vantage420,bad optimization. when sorted will be a amazing game
76561198126290839,Recommended,645630,33881827,Posted: 29 July,all,Nickbilhellcase.comFarmskins.com,"Fix oil problems on the second mission (and other small bugs like that) and fps problems, other wise I think the game has potential."
76561198140306829,Recommended,645630,33897159,Posted: 29 July,all,Saber,Garbage but ima rate it 10/10
,Recommended,645630,33911599,Posted: 30 July,all,♥S1mon♥,This game is really funny to play!10/10
,Recommended,645630,33919547,Posted: 30 July,all,ClovenSafe,"This game is clearly unfinished, but has a TON of promise. I bought it, and am just waiting for patches because it is barely playable as is. For now, I'd say buy it and wait (you can always get a refund within 14 days)."
76561198030737080,Recommended,645630,33931113,Posted: 31 July,all,Reddy Aimfire,"First of all, the game did get off to a rocky start on release, this much is a given and the prime reason for many of the negative reviews.  As someone who doesn't take much time to review a game that often on Steam and as an individual who has enjoyed the previous two installments of this series, I can say without a doubt that I do not believe the game warrents the negative reviews it has currently and that anyone reading them should take them with a grain of salt.The game has been patched 5 times now as of the writing of this review, the first couple of patches fixed 90% of the problems I was having with the game (there are still plenty of minor issues needing fixing), but here is what I've learned so far from keeping an eye on the forums and reading patch notes:1) The game still needs some optimization, but if it's running a bit choppy for you, lower the graphics quality to medium.  I have a beefy rig and I lowered it to medium just for the improved FPS, and I can say that the game is prettier at medium than the previous games were at anything but ultra.  The rust looks very good at medium where in previous installments it looked very ugly at anything but the highest settings.2) The launch day DLC adds licensed vehicles to the game, which I think justifies the small entry fee.  The majority of vehicles in the game still use the fictional make/model names due to licensing issues but the fact that Mazda and Dodge have apparently made a deal with the developer to allow for their vehicles to show up in the game as is, in my opinion, totally warrants the small price paid for this feature.  Again, the game is $20 base price, you are getting more than your money's worth in my opinion even if you as an individual have to wait a few days to be able to fully enjoy the game (I dove right in, I had some major hiccups, but they've been resolved and I can enjoy it pretty much hindrance free now).3) The game adds many features to the series that I thought about and wanted to see added in the previous installments.  I love the idea of going out to pick up your own ""barn finds"" and fixing them up, rather than buying a clapped out jalaopy from the auction house like you had to do in 2015.  The junkyard is also a very cool feature, allowing you to buy clapped out vehicles and also to rummage through piles of junk to look for useful parts you might be able to use on your new car or a current build you're working on.  I can honestly say if they add on to/expand on these two things alone, I am going to be a very happy customer.4) I like that they've made some ""immersive"" changes to the series as well, now you have to actually combine parts where it makes sense instead of just buying one part (which is a combination of many parts) as a whole.  For example, tires and rims are now separate entities and you have to use a tool to combine the tire and rim, but also a wheel balancer to balance the wheels.  Front springs combine the actual spring, the shock absorber, and the cap into one unit to form the whole spring.  Some suspension pieces combine the actual part and several bushings to form the entity.  Things like this really add to the whole of the game in my opinion.5) Interior!  I can now customize the interior of my car.  It still could use some additions (seat wear isn't obvious yet, you can still see the condition as a percentage but it'd be nice to see wear and tear on my driver's seat with 17% condition.  I am sure this will come in the future).6) If there is one point I can make that has bothered me the most so far is that the mouse acceleration just feels very clunky, and I'd like to see an option to turn this off or adjust it a bit.  My hands tend to get a bit sore after awhile compared to other games from constantly battling the mouse.All in all, I think if you liked the previous installments you will not go wrong with this one.  The devs are clearly passionate about the project and are hard at work trying to fix the many headaches that they and the players have been experiencing since the launch of the game.  I am not saying the negative reviews weren't justified, but I do think that the current rating of ""mixed"" doesn't paint the whole picture because pretty much everything I've read as a negative so far has been resolved or is in the process of being resolved.  The devs have been very good at communicating with the players about bugs and other issues instead of letting the onslaught of negative reviews get to them.  I find that rather admirable and rare in this day and age where some companies are more likely to lash out at negative reviews instead of actually listening and trying to fix the problems that caused these reviews in the first place.If you're on the fence, give the game a try, you can do far worse with your $20 than a game that is entirely playable, very fun, but just a little rough around the edges while contining to be polished."
76561197987953866,Recommended,645630,33933507,Posted: 31 July,all,nerowolff101se,"I'm not going to lie, this game has a few bugs,,I actually like this game, it has a lot more depth than the amazing Car Mechanic Simulator 2015, this range of vehicles and repair lists are stunning. I'm also down with the new features like the Barn Finds, and Junk Yard. The graphics all though not exactly optimised aren't actually that bad, I would even say that the optimisation isn't that much of an issue. The new 'Wheel' menu is cool, I suspect the further into the game you get the more it'll come into its own. The new garage is pretty sweet compared to the 'Showroom' that you got in 2015.That been said...The game is buggy, and for some that might be a deal breaker; the freezing, the black screens, and my personal favourite the disappearing car can get really frustrating. The new gadgets are a pleasant, but the lack of a tutorial or two for the new gadgets like the tyre tread meter is really vexing; and needs fixing.I know it's a bit of a sticky wicket trying to review a game where you know the developer is only a small outfit, but considering they have a previous with this genre doesn't mean they get a free pass to be lax in the release. I would have added another week or two onto the release delay, and polished some of the more prominent bugs out.SO where do I stand regarding an overall rating? I'm sticking to a 6/10 for the entire game so far, not because I feel generous, but because I feel that the game has room to develop like 2015 did; if they address just half of the current standing issues, I'll be happy to give it an 8/10"
,Recommended,645630,33984926,Posted: 2 August,all,ChodicusPrime,"After the rigorous patching this this game is playable. I am thoroughly enjoying this game. The graphics are pretty, its starting to run better after the Devs have been actively patching. I LOVE buying a junk car and rebuilding everything from scratch. I have to recommend this game because I know its going to shine more as time goes on.PROS:-Pretty-Engaging-Management Sim + Mechanic Sim-Educational?-Rewarding-Devs are active and listening-Easy to learn even if you know nothing about cars-Saves after every job- Customization options (but I want SO MUCH MORE)CONS:-Many bugs-Not well optimized (But gets better every patch)-Frequent graphical crashes, requiring reload of previous save-Very few PC Settings present-Clearly built as a console game, leaving PC gamers as an afterthought-Strange hazy graphical issues (its like static or screen fuzz)-Terrible camera making it hard to select componentsI recommend this game because having refunded it after 15 minutes of play, I noticed the Devs posted an apology on their Discussions page. They made the game playable with MULTIPLE patches in one day and more over the following days. The Devs had a fire lit under their bums and they responded with positive change. I expect more of that to come, otherwise this game will flop, and this review will probably change. This game has so much potential, and while I think it should be dubbed Early Access, it stills  plays pretty well."
,Recommended,645630,34003831,Posted: 3 August,all,Ghstlock,"As a long standing member of the series, clocking well over 100+ hours on these games, this new release is definately a cut above the rest. The devs in CMS18 have certainly put a lot of effort into the detail, that I can understand and accept bugs that have appeared. To me they are not ""make or break"". I've already played this game for 8hrs and will continue to do so.Devs keep up the good work and I will know this game will come out really good!"
76561198102082623,Recommended,645630,34019938,Posted: 4 August,all,nathanielmoon,"This game wasn't quite ready for full release. The devs are working on it and the concept sounds like it's going to be pretty great. I would get it while it's on sale and wait for the patches. If you liked CMS 15, you'll like this one....eventually."
76561197964894094,Recommended,645630,33878391,Posted: 29 July,all,ByggemandBob,"Seems to have a lot of nice and cool additions from the earlier versions. the mechanic part of the game functions very well, and all in all i like the new systems for chossing the different things, despite there being some input on the mouse. Driving is much more enjoyable with a controller. It runs without any hiccups or problems on my rig with i5 3.2Ghz, 8gb ram and a gtx 970 on ultra, so im guessing they are gonna fix the poor optimization many users have. all in all im gonna sink a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of hours in to this title :)"
76561198071428964,Recommended,645630,33919279,Posted: 30 July,all,killerant913,"okay so to put it simply, im going to over play this game like hell, i already put ~400 hours on the last one! i cant lie because of the just released thing there are some hard thigs to get around like the tilda key bringing up weirdness that causes me to have to force close. but much like cms15, it great! graphics are outstanding! and so many things i can keep on going with, i do still wish there was no pie gui, but ive gotten use to it and i play as fast, if not faster then how i use to with the bottons on cms15 :3gl getting use to the changes and have fun every one else. i know i will"
76561198353548372,Recommended,645630,33933225,Posted: 31 July,all,b.lynn138,love the game lot of cool cars i recommend this game for car guys and beginers
,Recommended,645630,33985000,Posted: 2 August,all,Parker - Chipotle®,"Car Menchanic Simulator 2018 is a game where you start out in a small garage, working your way up fixing things as easy from a tire to a clutch assembly to a engine. There are things such as the junkyard and barns where you can find old beat up cars, fix them up and keep them for yourself. Or head to the auction and sell them. You can buy yourself your own car at the auction too. What you do is up to you. The game started off with multiple bugs almost unplayable, within hours of its release the dev's realised their mistakes and are working every hour of every day to fix these bugs and make the game as enjoyable as they can for the community. I enjoy this game, it was worth the money."
,Recommended,645630,33985079,Posted: 2 August,all,Sparky,"Well I have played this game and totally enjoyed it so far have been impressed with the devs fessing up that it has issues and they appologised, they also look like they been working around the clock to sort it out, i've seen two further updates today since i bought it and I have to say I've not personally seen any known bugs so far, except the one where the wheel nuts turn the wrong way on one side of the car, thats it.I bought it even after seeing all the negativity and whining from some, lets face it you didnt have to buy it, wait and read reviews if you prefered and then make the choice, why buy it and then start whining for a refund??I have played the  previous and yes while they have changed the interface, if you stick with it you pick it up easy after a couple of hours and now I actually prefer it to the old system.The game looks lovely and has been running on my system which is a laptop with a i7 4710MQ and GTX 960M with a solid 50 to 60 fps.I do hope this helps people that are undecided, wait a while if you like but they are already on update 1.07 and i've had no issues, glad I bought it, I have confidence the devs will iron out anything left as they seem dedicatedHappy customer just by waiting like 5 days from release"
76561198008709763,Recommended,645630,33873883,Posted: 28 July,all,Lucky Mudman,"The game does hiccup a bit, but those are optimisation issues that can be easily fixed with a patch or two, as for the rest, I'd recommend the game to those that liked the CM2015. There are some nice additions that make the game seem more fleshed out on the simulator aspect."
,Recommended,645630,33876191,Posted: 29 July,all,[DVN][PG]Thomas222213,A bit buggy and poorly optimised for now. Understandable as new release. For what I have managed to do it is a fantastic game. Controls feel very weird to me after playing CMS 15 but will adjust. Loving the added extras to the game and think when bugs are sorted out will be even more excellent.
76561198346649823,Recommended,645630,33881797,Posted: 29 July,all,IRAN.MAN,"i recommend this game becouse this game has all the things that u can do as a car mechanic. but u need at least GTX660  for play with it. i have Asus n552 vw with 4gb 960M and i just play it with 1366*768 on medium graphic setting and 20-30FPS. so if u have a powerful GPU, u can realy enjoy this game."
76561198214452419,Recommended,645630,33881901,Posted: 29 July,all,crazy-bret-6931,The game is alright. Lots of fun in some moments. But still needs alot of work. FPS in medium is down to 24 for my gaming laptop. Some small bugs here and there like every so often when you move a car from the bay to the lifter it will black screen.  Lags Very bad when walking around the shop. other then those small thing still a good game. I already have played it for 3.6 hours at the time of making this review. Radio in the shop Does not work I have tried for 10 minutes and got no music. Is it a bug that I keep getting the same story missions?
76561198086194692,Recommended,645630,33888542,Posted: 29 July,all,mtalley87,While the game has a ton of bugs it hasnt stopped me from playing it at all! The controls are a bit different from 2015 but you catch the hang real qucik. I know the devs and PW are hard at work and have already released one patch. This game will be tip top in no time. I do recommend to others but be warned that you have to be patient..
,Not Recommended,645630,33898013,Posted: 29 July,all,Barry McCockinner,3 Crashes within 80 Min of game time... Nope
,Recommended,645630,33919682,Posted: 30 July,all,Samplebot,"Good not great, Dev's really need to step up and introduce everything they showed in the trailers/promised. Otherwise, its a very playable game in its current state with many updates needed to become fantastic."
,Recommended,645630,33931443,Posted: 31 July,all,Draeg,Although this game suffered from a rocky launch. The Devs really engaged with the community and tackled the bugs present in the game.Fundamentally the game is similar to the 2015 version but with some nice additions to build on the success of the previous games.Whilst the UI looks more modern than the 2015 edition it is a little slower to use when interacting a lot. Hopefully keyboard shortcuts will be introduced to switch between modes in addition to the UI pie menu.Keep up the good work.
76561198134193556,Recommended,645630,33934028,Posted: 31 July,all,Tek,"Pros:-4 hours in the game and so far no crashes/blackscreens/bugs.(version 1.04)- Ui is bit weird at start but within an hour it feels better than csm 2015.-Graphics look great-With the addition of barns and junkyard tha game feels less boring than cms 2015.-New tools to work in the garage.Cons:- Performance needs more improvments, i have a good pc and i need to set graphics to LOW in order to play at 60 fps, except when working on the car it drops to 25/30Fps.-Mouse acceleration is horrible, it ruins the workflow . sometimes i get really frustrated not being able to aim properly at a car part.In overall the game is great and i dont have any major complain so far, the devs seems to be doing a great job, the game is totally worth it if you like this type of game."
76561198102269115,Recommended,645630,33993773,Posted: 3 August,all,MOGUL,"gonna refund; great game it will surely be when it works, played a short while, got kicked out, sent back to start, cant activate any of my saves, will be again when it works"
76561198034392705,Recommended,645630,34003957,Posted: 3 August,all,mjh49783,"I don't know what people are complaining about. Perhaps it's because I chose to wait a couple of days after release before purchasing? Anyway, I have encountered a few bugs here and there, but nothing I would really call 'game breaking' so far. I think one time, I had a black screen after completing an order, after over 4 hours of continuous play. Oh, and the in game radio doesn't work, but I'm going to worry about that? I don't even listen to the radio in real life. I've got Spotify, so who cares? ;)But with the way some people complain, you'd think this was No Man's Sky. Nah. I don't think it's that bad. Certainly not for $20. Frankly, I've seen AAA titles in worse shape than this. Therefore, I'm going to recommend it. Just tread carefully, and be patient."
,Recommended,645630,34051590,Posted: 5 August,all,hooplidoopler,Its a buggy unploished mess of bad performance black screens glitchs missing content and a compoletely dumb xp/money system. but its still relaxing
76561198003400565,Recommended,645630,34067740,Posted: 6 August,all,markjclegg,I have to say I really do like this game while it is still a little buggy at time its well worth the time spent in it
76561198039681986,Recommended,645630,34069746,Posted: 6 August,all,dudemeister,"Neat little mechanic-puzzle.The game is very addictive and zen-like. You get lost in this one. Even if it is very similar, car to car the same thing, it is still fun to play. The devs are putting effort into patching it to be sound and bug-free, with success so far. There is still a lot to do, for example translations are lacking the right words and there are false translations."
,Recommended,645630,33873848,Posted: 28 July,all,Zephyr,Good game now that it's optimized betterA few bugs/glitches bit it's been released for 8 hours what do you expect every game has launch bugsIf you liked cms15 and are thinking about this one stop thinking and get it
,Recommended,645630,33883262,Posted: 29 July,all,Mr. Nasty Time,"[ORIGINAL REVIEW]Major issues currently upon release. I would advise that you give it a little bit to see if a patch comes out. The biggest issue is the game runs like crap even if you have a super computer. The highest graphic setting you can use and still be able to play it is medium. Numerous other bugs as well currently. Big fan of the game but I'm holding on playing it anymore to see if they fix it up quickly.[UPDATED REVIEW]The games devs have been working extremely hard to fix and add things since the botched release. Although at first performance was weak, I found down grading my resolution works good. I have a 1440p monitor so normally I'm on 2560 x 1440 resolution. Running that on Ultra would give me anywhere from 25 - 60 FPS depending but nothing was ever steady. Stepping down to a 1920 x 1080 reolution has me around 80 - 100 FPS now. There is still a lot of work to be done yet but the devs are rolling frequent patches out. And also the modding scene is looking pretty promising."
,Recommended,645630,33888509,Posted: 29 July,all,GSUK,so i have played the game for 5hr+ and i have encountered my first bug on the fmw roadster it will not allow you to but the camshaft cap on
,Recommended,645630,33893818,Posted: 29 July,all,skully980816,"I'm enjoying this game, even with the bugs, there may be a lot of patches to come but I accepted that there would be a lot of bugs way before I even bought the game.By the looks of it the Developers are working damn hard to get patches out for what ever issues customers are facing."
76561198179288569,Recommended,645630,33900867,Posted: 30 July,all,WanTings,Very fun game but it always freezes when repairing an engine and it´s very anoying!Maybe only for me so i recommend this game to 100%! :D
,Recommended,645630,33916344,Posted: 30 July,all,[ARTIMIS] PhantomSnipz19™,Great game for realism then 2015 cms i am already lost in this game playing it for so long that is how fun this game is
,Recommended,645630,33981179,Posted: 2 August,all,Homunculus,"TL:DR: Buy this game when its on sale, and use cheat engine to skip past the grind.There are both good and bad things about this game, Do i enjoy playing it? Yes. Is it buggy as hell? Also yes. the game has too many flaws to list but at the same time i play it quite chill and enjoy taking a car apart to its shell and rebuilding to 100%.The main things i Dislike:The RaceTrack/Car salon aren't implemented yet, or are buggy because i cant access them at max level.What i recommend:Use cheat engine to give yourself 1mil xp to skip the grind and maybe some money so you can work on ars you actually want and not have to replacve the brakepads on an M3 for the hundreth time."
76561198069348695,Recommended,645630,33985569,Posted: 2 August,all,WAnkman99,awsome game love playing it even with the few bugs. keen for engine swaps!
76561198098559792,Recommended,645630,34004986,Posted: 3 August,all,taffypride,"CMS2018 is as far from a polished bug free game as you could get.  It lacks the finesse of both CMS2014 and CMS2015, but it shows a lot of promise.Hats off to Playway and Red Dot Games however, as they are putting in countless hours to try and remedy the issues that are plaguing CMS2018 to the point that they are now on the 9th patch since release, and they are still sorting ever more issues.I, along with other players, have encountered my fair share of bugs, from some missing exhaust items (some of which are now fixed) to engines that are not working ingame as yet (V6 and V12 to name two of them).But, if you are prepared to be essentially a Beta Tester, then by all means buy CMS2018, but if not, stick with CMS2015 until all issues have been resolved in CMS2018."
76561198098154340,Recommended,645630,34018058,Posted: 4 August,all,awfernald,"Great game with hundreds of hours of playtime for just $20!!! As of this date, it is not nearly as well honed as CMS15 but has much more potential.We all know it was a extremely buggy at launch but Red Dot Games & Playway have been working around the clock to fix the issues as they are presented to them. 10 patches in 7 days says alot to their commitment. The game is very playable at the moment (7 days after launch) and I have no doubt it will be rather streamlined in another 7 days.I would recommend the game to all of my friends at this point. A great way to pass time for gearheads."
76561197995027192,Recommended,645630,34018906,Posted: 4 August,all,Kaotic_Slaughter,"Great game. The devs are working hard to clean up the remaining bugs, but it is far from unplayable. Highly recommended.I do wish they would have spent less time adding more languages and more time in QA."
,Recommended,645630,34051289,Posted: 5 August,all,clayyalc,"Great conscept. The core of the game is better than the 2015 version. As of 1.1.2 there are still problems but must are minor now. The games is not crashing or having hickups now.Before update 1.1.0 the game should of been prerelese sales. It was not polished, but there are updates almost everyday and all but one have made the game much more playable."
,Recommended,645630,34067477,Posted: 6 August,all,stew1985,"Great game, massive expansion on what 15 had to offer. would recomend to anyone."
,Recommended,645630,34069397,Posted: 6 August,all,andrewaltogether,"I was hesitant to buy this because of the reported bugs and other problems, and I was pleasently surprised. I haven't encountered bugs (yet), but that may be due to the fact that I've only reached level four after three hours. It's gotten to be a grind - I still haven't unlocked much at all, and I'm mostly doing oil changes.A lot of people are knocking the radial menu, but I've found it pretty easy to get used to. It could use a few shortcut keys.It has SOME new features, like limited interior assembly and some tire/suspension stuff. I like the engine extraction deal. I wish it had an advanced mode that allowed more in-depth tinkering or required more realistic steps to do stuff. Graphics are good, which I appreciate, but the focus of this game probably should've been more on realism being a simulator.Overall, I give it a soft recommendation."
,Recommended,645630,33874186,Posted: 28 July,all,Avery,"Certain parts are missing from the part store where you can't find them.  without these parts you can't fix certain cars!  we need these parts.  Other than that I've been playing this game for eleven hours and loving it.  It's really greatly designed.  great graphics and entertaining premise, and it even teaches you about working on cars.  I do recommend it, but PLEASE fix the bugs where certain parts are not available.  I need to finish my Dodge Charger!"
76561198032444010,Recommended,645630,33875542,Posted: 29 July,all,binskybox,"Played the game on release date, and am throughly enjoying it! The release did have some issues, but Playway is doing all they can to solve them as fast as possible. (up to very short nights of sleep it seems, and working through the entire weekend just to make us players happy. :p)Big props to the team and Playway for releasing a hugely improved version of the game, and even more hats off to them for the level of support provided in this first weekend. (though I was surprised by the amount of things left to fix.)Now for the actual review:CMS 2018 is a huge improvement on the previous version. More cars, more details, better graphics, more tools, new levelling system, and many more new features. I have only scratched the surface with the new functionality, but what I have seen in my first few hours of playing made me very happy. I'll probably be playing this game for a long while after this!Optimization:I see a lot of negative reviews that complain about framerate drops and blurry graphics. I have seen none of that to be honest. (though I do have an above spec machine, which should help.)"
,Recommended,645630,33876408,Posted: 29 July,all,[)()|\|()\//\|\|,"Good game as was the last one. game runs well with a gtx950, I5 ivy bridge, 32 gb ram, 512gb ssd on medium garphics. ultra is way to laggy and is what to be expected with my gpu.If you liked CM2015 you'll enjoy this"
,Recommended,645630,33876435,Posted: 29 July,all,estudillod,"I loved Car Mechanic Simulator 2015. I am hoping to find the same enjoyment in this game. I haven't been able to really play it much as the lag is too annoying to deal with at the moment (my archaic 670gtx gaming computer is probably most of the reason for that anyways), but I am hoping to be able to play more once optimizations come out. The game is a very polished, more realistic version of the 2015 version. I love what I have played so far, and the right click menu makes everything much easier to use, and makes everything easier to visualize. The potential for this game is huge! I can't wait to keep playing it. If you liked 2015, you'll like this one as well. It doesn't really remove anything I loved about 2015, it only adds on."
76561198023516117,Recommended,645630,33876580,Posted: 29 July,all,Count Dongula,"First and foremost: This game is not finished. Car Mechanic Simulator 15 didn't feel finished until the first month after it was releasted, and this one feels even worse than that. As for the gameplay, it's much the same, albeit with some tweeks. The controls have been simplified, in that everything is done with the right mouse button. I rather miss the number keys to switch modes and right click to remove parts. The new system feels overly simple and is not intuitive. You can finally pull out an engine in one piece rather than rebuild it in the engine bay. How nice. New tools have been added, and the simulator part of the title is becoming increasingly accurate.My only real complaint is that the game is still quite buggy. Nothing special, considering most games are released half-finished anyway. The controls aren't intuitive but you'll grow used to them. Otherwise, solid entry."
76561197976325908,Recommended,645630,33878518,Posted: 29 July,all,Ghost,"so brought this game tried it .i like it, i had no problems.i found one bug but it's a small one.graphics are great,gameplay great,"
76561198260993791,Recommended,645630,33881603,Posted: 29 July,all,MWLegacyspec.b,"(update)Been addicted to this game and have been playing for quite awhile now. The devs. have really been working hard to update it, and has been getting updated quite frequently. Still been finding some bugs here and there but it's been getting alot better compared to when it was released. Still would give the game a 7/10. And still one of the best automotive tycoon games out there."
,Recommended,645630,33935060,Posted: 31 July,all,jamieotoole3,ok lets get the bad bit out of the way there where nd still are a few bugs with this game tho the develpers are on it lots of updates to fix them :)good points game looks awesome lots more pats to fit barn finds junk yard more tools and more. 40+ cars at the begining is good lots of cars to get stuck into more engine types and different layouts makes for good play more free roam in the garage and in barns and junk yard all ramdon generate new parts and cars.
76561198017611777,Recommended,645630,34047504,Posted: 5 August,all,The Farter,"Firstly I'll say I like this game.I've only had it a couple of days and I've been grinding away trying to unlock the car auctions and I'm glad I haven't experienced any of the bugs that seems to have plagued the game at launch.If you're new to the car mechanic series and you think you'd enjoy the repetition of fixing cars then I'd say go ahead.Now to those that have owned any of the previous in the series ( I owned 2015 ) I'd maybe say there isn't a great deal more in this compared to the older game. The graphics are better, there's an addition of barns for you to find cars but overall it just feels like a polished 2015 with some additional features. That's why I'd recommend it for new players and if you own the previous I'm not sure.....it's your call.That being said, I am enjoying the game. I've not experienced any game breaking bugs, performance is good for me on ultra but I do have a gtx980."
76561198057630161,Recommended,645630,34070539,Posted: 6 August,all,TheScapeGoat,removed oil filterpoured new oil inforgot to install new filterdipstick shows that it is full10/10 would leave a customer with new oil and no filter again
76561198383012159,Recommended,645630,33875511,Posted: 29 July,all,rianna.krenske,having trouble with the i4b engine cant replace cams keeps wanting me to put cover over itany help would be goodThanks
76561198052190815,Recommended,645630,33878248,Posted: 29 July,all,matt99j,"Yes, optimization wasn't great at launch,yes you shouldn't have these kinds of beginnings with a game in our time,BUT,not 24 H after launch, a patch is already out, basically fixing 50 % of the lag problem,I say Kudos to devs, keep at it,this game has 20 $ price tag, not a 60 one, its amazingly fun to play, they have added numerous new gameplay concept, AND it's only gonna get bigger and better with DLC.Did you like the previous ones ? then i definitely recommend it !"
,Recommended,645630,33881591,Posted: 29 July,all,thaone1,"Love this game!You will always get the People who slam a game on day one release. This game works great for me , i noticed a few issues early on and reported them and they are being fixed asap.The devs are great at reading comments about issues and get back to you. i am a big fan and love this game !"
76561198301615134,Recommended,645630,33881820,Posted: 29 July,all,Nightmare,Awesome game
76561198078111733,Recommended,645630,33894435,Posted: 29 July,all,Cletus hellcase.com,"Bought it brand new day of, love the concept much more interactive then previous titles. Needs a lil work especially with engine stands and the crashes here and there but other than that im digging just as much as i would in real life. P.S. Im an Auto and Diesel mechanic by profession :) Love it keep it goin guys!!"
76561198027218757,Recommended,645630,33915563,Posted: 30 July,all,QuanGizzle,Game Keeps Crashing and Freezing
76561198098251375,Recommended,645630,33930820,Posted: 31 July,all,suspiciouslycreamycupcakes,its a fun game
76561198143970558,Recommended,645630,33933347,Posted: 31 July,all,Rhino,I love the game
76561198270987844,Recommended,645630,34003610,Posted: 3 August,all,ryanoliver.ro,great game
,Recommended,645630,34018658,Posted: 4 August,all,ChickenLips,"Maybe I have been lucky, but I haven't encountered any bugs as yet.. Overall the game plays pretty well. The DLC was a bit of a rip off, but for the few hours I have played so far (4.6) I have enjoyed it. Nice relaxing, satisfying gameplay. If you played the last ones and enjoyed them then you'll enjoy this."
76561198202160970,Recommended,645630,34148370,Posted: 10 August,all,xXPandazXx,"I have very mixed reviews about this game.  On the one hand I freakin love this game, if you are a car guy and have always wanted to rebuild old cars and restore them to their former glory, I cannot recommend this game enough.  However, with this game being in the beginning stages that it is, there are of course plenty of bugs.  My final verdict is if you are a passionate car guy (or girl, you do you), and can handle a couple bugs here and there I would say get this game immediately.  Otherwise I would probably wait it out for a coule more updates until the devs have squashed the bugs."
76561198426806493,Recommended,645630,35365825,Posted: 30 September,all,drtbike321,"seems like the game has some lag, is there any correction for that ?"
,Recommended,645630,33914689,Posted: 30 July,all,THEDARKNIGHT77,i give this game  5 out of 10 game is good hard as hell and car mechanic simulator 2015 better
76561198071723151,Recommended,645630,33873219,Posted: 28 July,all,Scruff,"Mine runs fine , no problem on a not the best , but good system. Guys stop buying computers from general electrical dealers and build one to specs to suit your needs. This game is fine and quite in depth for what it is.Changed my review till no until the obvious gamplay bugs are fixed."
76561198161973952,Recommended,645630,33884751,Posted: 29 July,all,lickmiller21,Game is good so far only problem is I can't put my wheels on the car it freezes up so I have a order that I can't fix at the moment
,Recommended,645630,33891944,Posted: 29 July,all,SchmockLPHD,Its a lot better now
76561198182056154,Recommended,645630,33892894,Posted: 29 July,all,MrSkorm,"No I don't recommend this game currently, the Thumbs up is an act of good faith in the Dev team.The game in it's current state isn't a sound purchase, there are a great deal of issues, many that will ruin your current play session and force you to reload your save.However, the devs have openly admitted their mistakes and are shamelessly taking everything on the chin, this game will be fixed of that i'm sure, just look at their past titles in the CMS series.They're currently patching the game, patching the game upwards of 3 times a day so far to quickly fix the issues.The game shouldn't have been released in this state however I can't be mad at a them since they are being so open in what they are trying to put right.This game will be worth your money soon, just not yet."
76561197971407932,Recommended,645630,33951973,Posted: 1 August,all,Junkiex,"Bought the game and i have to say even with the bugs i have been enjoying every second of it, as for the performance i am running the game on max and it is running smooth.very hapy that i made the purchase would be cool if in the next one  they add Co-op garages so friends could work on cars together."
,Recommended,645630,33952242,Posted: 1 August,all,WinkFacez,i get black screens all the time when am playing and the parking won't let me take cars out. The game is fun and i like it hope the bugs get fixed soon
76561198202597157,Recommended,645630,33952478,Posted: 1 August,all,lawen4cer,"I've never left a review, but I figured I would leave a positive one for the devs of this game. This game is being blasted by unnecessary negative reviews. The game was a little buggy on launch, however the devs have been listening and fixing alot of issue. Most of the poor performance reviews are probably people playing on poor performing cpus. I have no had one issue performance wise and the game looks great down to every little detail. I've been following the bug report forum and I see alot of the reported bugs are user error. For example several people hopped on and reported that they couldn't put a wheel back on after changing the tires as a bug. The wheel has to be balanced using the tire balancer. Every minor bug that I've experienced so far, has been fixed by the devs. Theres still a few bugs here and there, but they are working to fix them. Have some faith in the devs. Theres so much more content and improvements from CMS 2015. Alot of things that everyone said they wished for in CMS 2015 such as ""I wish you could change tires in this game, that would be cool"" are there. The devs listened and brought out alot of new content. This game is very enjoyable in its current state and its only going to get better."
,Recommended,645630,33952848,Posted: 1 August,all,MatrixRebel,"All the bugs mentioned in other people's reviews seem to have been patched already! Game runs fine for me, well worth the money if you're into working on cars and tinkering."
76561198313315416,Recommended,645630,33952942,Posted: 1 August,all,ChevyManTJ,I really like this game going in-depth and fixing cars and restoring junk to be some thing I have been with CMS for a while well just since 2014 but I see so many improvements and even though this game has so many bugs and stuff it is a brand new release all games still has their share bugs I am for sure this game is going to get polished over time so dont be hard on them because it's a new game with bugs.
76561198179529721,Recommended,645630,33952989,Posted: 1 August,all,Spartan of Drag,The game is very fun but there is lots of bugs
,Recommended,645630,33953310,Posted: 1 August,all,Wolfbiscuits,"After playing this game for a good few hours every day since release, I have to say that I'm impressed with the amount of bug-fixing that has occured. At launch I would have given this game a thumbs down because of the large amount of game-breaking bugs and glitches. But at it's current state, 4-5 days later, I cannot say the same. Their efforts definitely paid off and are continuing to improve. What we have here is a worthy successor to CMS 2015.The added features such as barn finds, junkyards and garage upgrades, and not to forget the WAY improved skill tree and level up system bring a whole lot extra to the game. Making it, in my opinion, better than CMS 2015. The new radial menu takes some getting used to, and it is obvious this was designed with a gamepad in mind. But even with keyboard and mouse, after getting used to it, I cannot say that I'm terribly bothered by it. All features are there, there are no more buttons to memorize, which is actually really useful.I am however, not going to praise this game or Red Dot into high heavens. While it is admirable that the Red Dot team spend seemingly 24/7 on damage control and bug fixes, I do agree with the majority here that Red Dot should have released a finished game. Even if that game was released a few days after it was supposed to be released. They did not do this. Is that a reason to not buy this game? No. The updates have made this game playable and enjoyable. There are still some glitches and bugs here and there, but the amount has decreased dramatically and have turned it into a worthy and fun title.My score will be a 7.5/10. Because the game is good, and the bug fixes have helped tremendously to make this into a fun title, but there are still annoying bugs here and there.Would I reccomend this? Yes. It's a good game, it has only been released too soon."
76561198163577980,Recommended,645630,33953443,Posted: 1 August,all,HAZE,"Great game!There has been 5 new patches in the 4 days, the game has been realeed.It is obvious that the developors are working hard to get this prppaly omptimized but with the 5th path the game is nearly flawless. Loads of content and no lag.Playing this on a mid raange pc."
,Recommended,645630,33962443,Posted: 1 August,all,WOOKIE,great game good pricedlc is cheapbut just so many bugs but they alreAdy rolled out a number of patches so maybe just give it a min before buying itand let em fix all the bugs !!!!!
,Recommended,645630,33968088,Posted: 2 August,all,CoolCloudGaming,"well i ran into a problem where it comes up with there are body parts missing so i cant hand in the car but everthing is installed and it says i all the bonus infomation and stuff in car overview and i cant get rid of the car so im kinda stuck, is there anyway to get rid of this car,EDIT: Turns out it was missing a number plate it would be good if it told you what its missing with body parts because i was stuck with this for agesbut this game has great potental i recomend it but it is still quite buggy but hopfully that gets solved in the near future"
76561198016905066,Recommended,645630,33975097,Posted: 2 August,all,Unslighter,I love this game! :D
76561198323627900,Recommended,645630,33975799,Posted: 2 August,all,Jim Lahey,This game is so good that if I could eat it im sure it would taste delicious
76561198132815393,Recommended,645630,33979416,Posted: 2 August,all,Bdawg977,great game and they are even still fixing it
76561197998010365,Recommended,645630,34002163,Posted: 3 August,all,e_boulanger,"I have played all the previous version of Car Mecanic Simulator, as well as Truck Mecanic Simulator and Train Mecanic Simulator.  And personnaly, I think the CMS 2018 version is the one I like best:  new graphic, some new cars (with the DLC), the new auction, etc.Of course it's not perfect.  There are more bugs than in the previous versions, but nothing that I consider a deal breaker.  There has been regular updates since the release, so the devs are working hard to correct them. They are still using Unity as the game engine, which does not help, because it is such a ""crapy"" engine, very poorly optimized. I also think they are aiming at console with this version, because the UI has been designed to accomodate gamepad input.  I personnally don't like it.  I find the keyboard and mouse better for this game.  The car on the test track still feels too ""arcady"".But it's the CMS that I like to play.  Great variety of vehicles.  I especially like the Mazda, with its rotary engine ( you need to buy the DLC to get this one).  Graphics have been updated, although I don't like the grainy feel effect.  I wish we had more controls over the graphics options.I tried the new car editor introduced in the version, but the controls are so bad, I simply stop using it.  It's a good idea, but I think more work is needed before one could enjoy it.If you never played CMS, maybe you could try one of the previous version first (at a discount rate) to see if you like this type of game.  It will not make you a mecanic (not even close), but it's fun to tinker with car to help expand your garage.In conclusion, I like the game even with its bugs and annoyance.  I hope we will see more brand name cars to work with.  It would even be nice if we could use the cars from the previous versions DLCs."
76561198070270080,Recommended,645630,34614983,Posted: 30 August,all,sanjaypish,"ok, so my computer is Intel Core i7-6700K 4.4 GHz, 16 GB RAM, 2 TB HDD, 256 GB SSD, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070  Windows 10, and the recommended requirements are OS: Windows(64-bit) 7 or Newer Processor: Intel Core i5 3.4 GHz Memory: 8 GB RAM Graphics: NVidia GeForce GTX 970 4GB VRAM DirectX: Version 11 Storage: 20 GB available space..so why is it so laggy, when i first bought it, it ran smooth but a week later its lags? the opening scene seems ok but as soon at it reaches the main menu, it slowly lags, i cant even scroll my mouse over to the career mode or exit. any suggestions?"
76561198202354716,Recommended,645630,34631496,Posted: 31 August,all,MeatEatingOrchids,I've been playing this game for a couple of weeks now and i have to say im completely in love with it! Best £15 i've ever spent and i'm not even a motorhead.
,Recommended,645630,34674282,Posted: 1 September,all,Otis,Its good right now as long as they keep updating but its a easy 7.5/10
,Recommended,645630,34747529,Posted: 4 September,all,TWC_Killjoy,Yes.
76561198201631974,Recommended,645630,33884719,Posted: 29 July,all,kwieri,"Nice game with a lot of potential considering previous version (CMS15). More cars, parts, tools,... but in this fase NOT YET recommended due to, in my opinion, too many bugs and game-performance making it look like the devs pretty much did no testing at all.knowing playway many bugs will get fixed coming weeks so i like to give ""thumbs up"", but partly due to some responses they gave i've been very hesitating about voting go or no (good or bad)."
,Recommended,645630,33935227,Posted: 31 July,all,Gr8pboy,So far I enjoy this title. Not really having issues with anything so far.Seems like a fun mechanic sim.
,Recommended,645630,33952074,Posted: 1 August,all,ItsBLTZR,"the fact that you have put Northern Territory, Australia license plates in this game is a full blown thumbs up for me <3 <3 <3 i have never seen any game in history even australian made games have NT plates, thanks for making the game feel more homely for me :D"
,Recommended,645630,33952199,Posted: 1 August,all,SwanseaAxeman,"CMS 2018 as a game based on fixing cars is pretty much as you would expect, a reasonable recreation of what it is like to be a mechanic. The game itself (as of 3 hours playing) is not too shabby, but as many (and the devs) have mentioned, there are quite a few bugs in this current build. My advice to those who are thinking of buying this is to do so only if you don't mind having to get creative with how you deal with the bugs.For instance; there is a bug where the vehicle you are working on will 'lose' parts that you had in your inventory, forcing you to re-buy... but wait, those bits as well have vanished!! Only solution I found was to sell everything in your inventory, quit, restart, sell all items (that magically appear on restart) in your inventory, quit, restart and then if your inventory is empty, re-buy the missing parts and fit them as quick as you can!!As a game developer (and ex-mechanic) I understand that it is difficult to launch a game that is 100% stable on every computer configuration and the devs have acknowledged there are issues that need fixing. I will hold any judgement on this aspect until the next few patches.BOTTOM LINE: good game if you like fixing cars and running a garage, if you buy now there is a reasonable chance you will run into a few bugs. Maybe hold off for a few patches if you don't want to deal with bugs."
76561198279443131,Recommended,645630,33952891,Posted: 1 August,all,cat man234,"I don't know why people expect this game to be 11/10 flawless on launch day of course i encountered some bugs but nothing that wasnt fixed within a couple of hours if people just gave this game a chance and waited a day after release this game is awesome, beautiful graphics, realistic features (except for the rust lmao). But all-in-all this game is the best simulator game i have ever played."
,Recommended,645630,33957591,Posted: 1 August,all,yungin,"This is the first Car Mechanic Simulator game I have played.That being said I was able to pick it up fairly quickly.I understand that this is a new release so we have to be patient.I've found it rather fun. In its current state there are some annoyances, but thats what you have to expect upon a new release.Overall I would recommend this game9.5/10"
76561198045974592,Recommended,645630,33958659,Posted: 1 August,all,SaturdayMorningBacon,"good game and is fun.  There are a few bugs but the little time I've had this game they've already patched a few of the bugs!  There are strange frame rate issues, inwhich I had to dial back to medium settings to get 55 fps.  There are also suprisingly long load times but when the game gets going those go away.Overall, I'm very pleased with the game and enjoy playing it, it's relaxing.  I'd recommend it if you like this type of simulator"
76561197987980726,Recommended,645630,33958762,Posted: 1 August,all,Ansenna,"A very good game, some bugs her and there, but the updates are coming all the time"
76561198108435442,Recommended,645630,33967832,Posted: 2 August,all,CardboardYan,"I mean this is a pretty good game as CMS 2015 do, the only thing that bother me is the bug just wait a few month before you try this game will be good enough for the playway to fix most of the bug"
,Recommended,645630,33979567,Posted: 2 August,all,Manolo Sanchez,"This game is fun, i wll give it that. The optimaztion problems people are complaning about arent that bad and i dont have the best pc out there. But ive had to restart my game 3 or 4 times and its really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.  Fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥already."
76561198010015765,Recommended,645630,34113257,Posted: 8 August,all,david.a.mayne,"Just played though for roughly 2.5 hours straight and had a blast. Even though my laptop is very powerful, I cut graphics down to medium and didn't experience a crash the entire time. The interface is indeed a bit wonky and there is a small learning curve to the camera movement, but with continued patches I think this game is gonna become one of the better simulators out there!"
,Recommended,645630,34766311,Posted: 5 September,all,Daderade,Great game! I can't stop playing!
,Recommended,645630,33893689,Posted: 29 July,all,DankWookie,I'm enjoying the game but Ive noticed a couple bugs. Im sure the devs will fix them. I bought the 2 extra dlcs because I enjoy the game so much
,Recommended,645630,33979493,Posted: 2 August,all,bennbenni,"the game has very nice graphics, and are very fun to pla yas well. the game needs some configurating. but the game is so new so you have to expect that."
76561198102908055,Recommended,645630,33979626,Posted: 2 August,all,Di3sel,"Was working on a tempest magnum, pressed enter a couple of time's when replacing the gearbox and my gearbox turned in to a battery. 10/10 would turn the gearbox in to a battery again."
,Recommended,645630,34113139,Posted: 8 August,all,lordex7,If your looking for a laid back game to play this is the one.
76561197970249980,Recommended,645630,33885073,Posted: 29 July,all,Sedeptra,"played for  over 3 hours. No crashes, no bugs, good performance with high graphics. It takes some effort to find out how the new grouped parts like wheels, shock absorbers and so function, but that is fun and part of version 2018. Twice I thought the game was bugged with regard to these new part groups, but it I hadn't figured out how they worked. All in all a good successor to version 2015 (which I have played for 88 hours)."
76561198035109317,Recommended,645630,33895648,Posted: 29 July,all,Overclocked_Oyster,Thank God!24 hrs after release 1.03 patch came out and fixed the fps drop.Now I can enjoy the game
76561198021842414,Recommended,645630,33895724,Posted: 29 July,all,Farmboy1012,"it needs some work, i was sorely disapointed that i couldnt do an engine swap and build a super charged engine to go into the charger i bought from auction, i was very sad that the only things you can really customize on the cars is the interior, wheels, and color. i still have no idea what the point of the dyno is, there is no option to move a car to the dyno and even then there is no building a custom engine so why dyno the thing. really it is just showing you some of the major parts that exist in cars and where they are typically located. ill still play it to see where it goes but if you are looking to be able to try out some crazy old school hot rod building... look elsewhere"
,Recommended,645630,33942559,Posted: 31 July,all,oHeretiKo,"Fiddle about then do the test course.Game runsgreat for me on ultra, very glad I used my 10% coupon and picked this up!/'Very excited."
76561198272858974,Recommended,645630,33945827,Posted: 1 August,all,luca_damien,devs working hard but after some hours really how badly i want to play the gameim letting it sit in my libary for a week and than we wil seebut for the devs a rexommend for their hard work
76561198193838818,Recommended,645630,33959355,Posted: 1 August,all,i_am_whyitr,"I have about 12 hours on this game, and just recently completed the tutorial, but there are some bugs (that are being fixed) but what brand new game doesn't have some bugs or glitches? I personally think this is a great upgrade from the one from 2015, which I also adored, but this one takes being a virtual mehanic a whole step further. There are many new things to do, and learn, like balancing tires, and actually changing wheels and tires, and being able to fix the body by welding. I love this game, and the best part, is there is more to come and expect with this game. Not to mention the picture-perfect graphics, which are truly stunning, you can still play it on slower computers. I play it on an ASUS X553MA with 2.16GHz and 1700 video megabytes. So if I can run it, then so can you. So in conclusion, I'd rate Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 a solid 9/10."
76561197989486647,Recommended,645630,33960717,Posted: 1 August,all,Daiykan,"Devs are working hard to save the game. I've encountered a lot of game-breaking bugs, but i've find myself restarting my carrer and just enjoy what i can play. Compared to CMS 15, there's a lot of improvement. I hope to see this game become the game that is suppose to be!"
76561198069589455,Recommended,645630,34002175,Posted: 3 August,all,Exious,"Good bit of problems right now, but i have confidence in the devs.They will make this another great sim game."
76561198008314322,Recommended,645630,33884506,Posted: 29 July,all,Aeon Amadi,"THIS REVIEW MAY CHANGE TO POSITIVE PENDING FIXES TO THE FOLLOWING:EDIT: Devs were johnny on the spot with bug fixes and have eliminated almost all of the major issues I had with the game. It's fun to play, has actually taught me a lot about cars (I didn't know a thing - seriously, I went looking for a clutch plate in the wheels), and you can really tell the devs are putting forth the effort into making it great.Give it a shot! It's fantastic.Now if they could just get rid of the forced mouse acceleration...."
76561198078560855,Recommended,645630,33898699,Posted: 30 July,all,Glorious King J,"Alright, so after having about 10 hours into the game i feel i can put some sort of opinion up on this game. While i do enjoy it and feel that it could be better than 15 in its current state it is far too buggy. I have had a bug that made me close the game completely happen multiple times and one that made me have to restart my save game losing a few hours of progress so buyer beware until there are patches out to fix most of the bugs. Now on to pros and cons:Pros: More in depth CMS (which is good)Graphically its pretty goodGameplay is very simple so easy to get a handle onBigger skill treeCons: VERY buggyThere are already two DLC at launch with inevitably a dozen more on the way""Story"" missions are just the same repetitive repairs repeatedCan take a while to get a sufficient enough amount of money to just start buying random cars and fixing them upTime it takes to level up increases exponentiallyOverall: I like this game, but i also liked CMS 15, however in its current state i cant recommend it even as a fan of the series, its just not stable enough to really enjoy it so if you really want to play a CMS game id reccomend 15 until this game has had some patches and the previously mentioned problems are fixed.Review subject to change if/when problems are fixed.EDIT: The Devs have been on the ball with patches and a lot of my personal issues with the game have been patched and i feel that i can recommend this game now, provided the updates and patches continue into the future."
76561198036981994,Recommended,645630,33942413,Posted: 31 July,all,ace14516,great game and great devs
,Recommended,645630,33951495,Posted: 1 August,all,Frossaren,Very good game even thought it has alot of bugs. Much better graphics and car manouvering than before
,Recommended,645630,33953946,Posted: 1 August,all,FunOnTheRun,"This is my ""first"" CMS game. Tried 2015 for an hour. then I saw this game just released. I bought it, it was a mess of bugs. Loads of black screens, I had to go out to main menu and then in again after almost every job.But like everything else I give games more than one chance. And it is was worth it so far.I am not saying this game is bug free or anything of the sort. But they get at least one patch each day and they know they f*****d up. And you can see how dedicated they are to fixing this game. So I think you should give it a chance(one more chance).The graphics are stunning. It's a lot to do, some funny ""story jobs"" and after a bit of money earned you can buy a broken car and build it from ground up. And it is chill, with no time limits, so you can use whatever time you need to do the jobs.I recommend the game for the good chill experience of just working with cars."
76561198008278276,Recommended,645630,33957822,Posted: 1 August,all,AceStorm,"they say the game has better graphics  compaired to what ?2015 car lines are smooth 2018 witch has no detail graph settings the car lines are choppy many other bugs to may to list . i have fully upgraded my garage but cant dyno cars. but  the devs are working hard two fix bugs several patches already the game has lots cool things 2 do. this will be a ongoing review i khow they will get the bugs out just hope they make it look as good at least as 2015.  i do recommend this game just maybe wait a bit. more to come . been a week still cant dyno cars . more to follow, been a month still no dyno you can find after market parts in junkyard but cant install any. no engine modifcations and you should be able to buy a block place it on the engine crane and build a new engine, you cant even swap a single carb manifold for a duel carb even though the bolt pattern it the same. you can buy a v8 ohv super charger but cant install on any thing whats the point. more to come"
,Recommended,645630,33979900,Posted: 2 August,all,Steven,"I bought it the day after it came out and it was full of various bugs. The game would freeze up, parts were missing from the catalog, poor optimization, etc. They have been constantly working to fix all the bugs and they're doing a fine job at it, too. The game is similar to the others but it has some new features that make it worth while. Fun game overall and the devs seem to be doing a good job working all the bugs out that were present at launch."
76561198176788127,Recommended,645630,34002491,Posted: 3 August,all,nick28190,very good game. it has it glitches and game breaks but the game is new out they will update and make it run as good as car sim 2015 or even better
,Recommended,645630,34617241,Posted: 30 August,all,dat frogg,pretty laggy bruh-a frogg
,Recommended,645630,33942031,Posted: 31 July,all,Nutwood1,"It is a great game even with the bugs from launch, The devs. are working on fixing them and putting out patches as fast as they can. Yes I do recommend the game but if you are on the fence still I would say wait a little bit longer"
76561198177692819,Recommended,645630,33952500,Posted: 1 August,all,goldrush40007,"I love this game! The only bad thing about it is that once I visit a barn, I can never go back... I left the barns thinking I could comeback after I had enough to buy the cars (was there a patch increasing the price? THe Daytona Hemi was 18k and is now 56k!) Is it a bug I cant go back, or does the barn owner hate me for looking at his cars and leaveing?"
,Recommended,645630,33952614,Posted: 1 August,all,Paul Cooney ||,"One slight problem that I've found..... when I do an oil change it doesn't give me the option to remove the drain plug until I remove the oil pan which costs me $100 as a clean up fee. Other than that, amazing game. Just wish there was a place to see all of the controls."
76561198256194954,Recommended,645630,33959074,Posted: 1 August,all,Striker,"First CMS game I've ever played and I really like it. Game runs smoothly over 60fps but when I have 4 cars in my garrage i get 30fps. I have got only 1 or 2 blackscreens and seen many bugs. Mouse sensitivity is pretty high. And for some reason I cant get any achievements, anyone have this same issue?"
76561198277120703,Recommended,645630,34113164,Posted: 8 August,all,avictorinowilson,"i love this game and i understand why people are upset over the bugs, but i will stick with the game until its perfect! im not going to bail on you guys! promise!"
76561198002170855,Recommended,645630,34622795,Posted: 30 August,all,BadBoyBucky,"I'd been watching this for a while, after reading all the reviews, but finally decided to jump in. Really glad I did. The devs seems to be working very hard to develop the game, and hopefully if enough people get behind it, they'll keep working on it  to make it incredible.Biggest Pros:-Responsive and committed devs-Devs seem keen to assist modders-Game is beautifulBiggest Cons:-Can't swap in different engines ... yet-No performance parts ... yet-No custom sounds ... yet-DLC's are way overpriced for what you get."
76561198152356377,Recommended,645630,34473906,Posted: 24 August,all,solhays03,"Ok, I'm going to tell you the truth. This game is pretty fun, minus some bugs that are being worked out. I suspect it to become a LOT more fun. This game is for sure, more detailed than 2015 is. You have to install the springs on a strut and top hat before you can install them on a car, you have to remove the piston connecting rod cap before you remove the piston. You have to install tires onto the wheels before you put them on a car, you also must balance them. Working the dial once you right click will take some time to get used to. I still prefer the way 2015 works better. It's a new game, so things will change. I have a pretty beefy computer, Ryzen 1600x(3.95gHz), MSI GTX 1080, 16gigs of RAM at 3200mHz, at ultra settings, 1080p I can crack just over 70FPS most of the time, with dips into the 50s. This game has a lot of mechanics to it.  It renders all the bolts, all of the parts, all of the glare and light. It's a beautiful game. So expect to run into performance issues if your computer isn't up to some stress. My 5 year old gaming laptop couldn't run this game above  25FPS with its i7 3610qm and GTX 660m, 16gigs of RAM on low settings."
76561198319487402,Recommended,645630,34475041,Posted: 24 August,all,roylong770,i have to say the game is good game i like it i just dint like that you had to level up to 30 before you could paint your car i would recommend this game
,Recommended,645630,33903781,Posted: 30 July,all,TonyL,"As a lover of this series of games, was happy to see CMS 18 now available.Yes there are a few bugs, but it's still quite enjoyable in my opinion, there's even a exploitable glitch to get more money easily ;).Think the developers will sort the bugs out in time and should be as flawless as CMS15"
,Recommended,645630,33858378,Posted: 28 July,all,Gavin_B,Seems good so far. However barn finds and junkyard are not unlocked from the start. Ruined it a bit for me but i am still enjoying the core gameplay
76561198347674707,Not Recommended,645630,34099209,Posted: 8 August,all,vcullyvcully,caan u plzzzz make the game easer to run like cms 2015
,Recommended,645630,34057868,Posted: 6 August,all,DEADFOOL,"As a Car God i highly recommend picking this game up,yes it has issues where parts are missing like  the v8 supercharger engine keeps telling me im missing piston rings i mean every engine i get .That don't bother me much over i love the new features like engine stands, engine hoist and junk yards.This game needs a mutiplayer co-op with leaderboards and place where people can buy and sell cars to other players.10/10 even with bugs just needs a few more tweaks."
76561198157293455,Not Recommended,645630,33934390,Posted: 31 July,all,Dodge Charger 1969,i love this game BUT THE FPS IS SH*T
,Not Recommended,645630,33927553,Posted: 31 July,all,Ts3ARocks,"- Waited for months for the game to become available;- Expected alot- Bought game, started playing. Played for 5 hours straight.- Game crashed when trying to put a car on the test path.- Discovered autosave ain't working.- Uninstalled.- Asked for REFUND."
76561197963835884,Not Recommended,645630,34317291,Posted: 17 August,all,Dez Nutz,Dev's are lairs out to milk as much cash out of the players. Charging more money for content that was advertised as included in the base game. Game is still unfinished from what was advertized  Avoid reddot and playway
76561198009056358,Not Recommended,645630,33879875,Posted: 29 July,all,Monk_Y00,This game feels like it's still a beta. There is so many small things witch just doesn't work as it should. The whole steering is off. the mouse is slow and feels bad calibrated. the main mechanic part of the game is the same at in cms 15 but in cms 18 it just doesn't work as smoth and disassambling and assambling is boring and time consuming because it doesn't feel smoth at all. The control is ruined by changing everything from CMS 15. Many of the new features isn't even avalible at the begining.I hope they make this game as good as CMS 15.i'm disapointet in any way. please make the game good.
76561197980488841,Not Recommended,645630,34056190,Posted: 6 August,all,BaD*Rhino,"This is the first time playing Crar Mechanic Simulator.I have an AZERTY keyboard, but the game is in QWERTY, and you cant change the controls? cmon.. this is 2017.The lack of tutorial makes this game for a noob hard to control, i didnt know what to do, exept for dismantel the car.Would love this one another go, but the QWERTY made it hard to play for me"
76561198134715304,Not Recommended,645630,33878793,Posted: 29 July,all,Enforcer087,pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the fact i paid for game and i cant even play it  just crashs as soon as i try to open it
76561198346521907,Not Recommended,645630,33880048,Posted: 29 July,all,samcrosoa60,"I was really hyped about this game for a while, but it's a big dissapointment don't even waste your time. I've had to start over 3 times because it wont load my saves. It won't let me put parts on my car it deletes them. They are doing a very poor job getting this fixed. After this game getting pushed back so much I can't understand why they can't get it together."
,Recommended,645630,33882585,Posted: 29 July,all,Kentang Bakar,great but still have bugs
,Recommended,645630,34001496,Posted: 3 August,all,Cetz,"Too many people are complaining over this game, take their reviews with a grain of salt. Yes it was an unplayable mess at initial release, but as it is right now i choose to believe that it is in fact very playable, and i got over 50 hours backing up that statement.People don't seem to have the patience or will nowadays, if they don't get everything served on a silver plate, they'll start whining and cry... pretty disappointing tbh..Anyway, even though i say i game is playable, and that i choose to believe that it is worth the money, i will admit that people do have the right to be disappointed or a bit mad, and i would be lying if i said that the game hasn't made me frustrated a few times, but as the devs are claiming that they are, not only willing, but are gonna fix the game, i think people should rather just calm down.""Oh hey, this game i bought that is currently filled with bugs that will be fixed soon, yeah, ♥♥♥♥ that game, i'll refund my money because i cannot wait a few weeks for it to be fixed""So if you're wondering as to buy the game or not, it really just depends on if you want to work on old junk with wheels or not. Ignore the war that is going on here...The hate is gonna come now, lol."
,Not Recommended,645630,33877739,Posted: 29 July,all,Dolan,Just as the two earlier games this makes me movment sick. Seriusly Redgame? You cant even add an FoV-slider to help us who easily get movment sick? And then I am already looking past the wierd perspectives/camera angeles.In fact the whole options menu is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can't play the game until you have fixed this.
,Recommended,645630,33882204,Posted: 29 July,all,Kame-Sen'nin,few bugs to be fixed but overall a great game!
,Not Recommended,645630,33920789,Posted: 30 July,all,F.A.S PEWPEWPEW,"You really want to know the truth? Its a re skin of CMS 15. Im so dissapointed in this game it isnt funny. After delay and delay before release they finally released a game... That crashes randomly, is half finished, you can't even access half the stuff due to crashes and bugs. Oh you upgraded the movement speed? welcome to motion sickness! They promised so much in this game yet its severely lacking anything that separates it from CMS 15. Go buy CMS 15 graphics are almost the same (re shade cms 15 and wallah! you have cms 18)A LOT IS MISSING. Also the devs really need a PR person that can speak english and write english properly. The broken english in update notes and changelogs is beyond a joke. 1/10 would buy just to watch it crash"
76561198044387747,Recommended,645630,34038542,Posted: 5 August,all,mark_453,i have been playing this game for a few days now. i think it could still use improvement. it does crash a lot for me sometimes and i play it with a video card that has over 4gb of ddr5 memory on the graphics card. it works well when using low video settings like low detail and 1024 X 768 res.
,Not Recommended,645630,33940224,Posted: 31 July,all,Jewish Bird,LEGIT ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥CANCER would rather get terminal cancer
,Not Recommended,645630,33977021,Posted: 2 August,all,in_the_heat - PUBGTrade.com,First off let me say I am a big fan of Car Mechanic Simulator 2015 but 2018 was really a let down. I actually refunded it the UI was EXTREMELY poor. Also optimization on high graphics is hoible I dont even know why it is an option. Anyways I returned the game right away because it's basically 2015 with a worse UI.
76561197973220452,Recommended,645630,34024504,Posted: 4 August,all,konische,"Given the amount of negative reviews that this game had recieved on it's launch it shouldn't have continued to be sold on Steam.I'm glad I'm not one of few people that take these ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews as gospel.Yes there are a few bugs but these can be worked around till fixed which, let's be honest, the Devs are doing at an unprecedented speed.Just take a leap of faith and try the game yourselves....you might actually like it.A big thumbs up to the Devs, continue the good work guys!"
76561197977803039,Recommended,645630,33978097,Posted: 2 August,all,draven.alucard,"I bought this game knowing that it was buggy, but having bought the other two games and enjoying them. I figured I would commit to buying this game as well.  I am sure we all have bought buggy games here and there. But I didn't even get passed the loading screen to the game. Did it bother me? Sure it did. But I know the developers are hard at work trying to make sure their bugs are no longer there.Should it been released in this state? NoI think in the future they should do an early release and work on problems as they come up. Also allow the feedback from the players within in the game.I think for a massive apology on the developers they should give the people who bought the expansion pack edition free and whatever comes up in the future at a discount. Also I think those that paid for just the game should get the expansion packs free. Without any further discounts.  (while they don't need to do it, I think it would keep the people who purchased the game some incentive in staying with them.)That is just my two cents."
,Not Recommended,645630,34495497,Posted: 25 August,all,StrangerCoug,Good luck trying to get past the tutorial without looking how to do stuff up on Google. This is aVERYnewbie-unfriendly game.
,Not Recommended,645630,34787992,Posted: 6 September,all,OneBugz™,Everytime you boot you get a black screen. :)
,Not Recommended,645630,34473409,Posted: 24 August,all,Animal Mother,"This game is released on PC WAYYYYYY to early, needs to be takin back to the garage and optimized and fixed."
,Recommended,645630,34001285,Posted: 3 August,all,Beldum,Shows promise. A lot of things can be changed to make it better but it all depends on how the Devs handle it.
76561197962579177,Not Recommended,645630,33911280,Posted: 30 July,all,Stella_Big M,i brought this game i was so excited first of all it was delayed second of all my saves kept deleting there selves and i am getting fed up so i recommend dont buy it
,Recommended,645630,34001308,Posted: 3 August,all,Pengu_n,"This game started pretty bad, not gonna lie, However, the devs have been updating nearly everyday and it is now a very playable game. HIGHLY RECOMMEND if you wanna learn car upkeep and improvements and if you wanna have fun and like cars. Its not from the biggest dev so expect bugs and low graphics in places, but overall,8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,645630,33892811,Posted: 29 July,all,Jonathan123ii,"Spent 100 minutes playing the game, was enjoying it until i went to the test path, there was a bug where i couldn't drive my car forward or do anything to cancel the test path.The game lacks any autosave feature, which when i exited the game, I opened it back up and I've lost all my progres. GG developers, you forget to include a simple function to allow autosaving your progress. And secondly, why hasn't that been fixed yet? It's a gamebreaking bug which stops progression."
76561198169512212,Not Recommended,645630,33891084,Posted: 29 July,all,FoundOne!,"Puts engine on insanely glitched engine crane (The crane literally goes through the whole engine), finishes fixing the engine after an hour has passed (Which is good, it's an engine it's gonna take time.) After fixing, tries to put oil in now fixed engine, removes cap and game freezes. Restarts the game... The engine is in the car and is crappy again! Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-!!! But for real I love this game, but it needs time. Recommend not to buy in current state."
,Not Recommended,645630,33892015,Posted: 29 July,all,You,"STAY AWAY!!!If you ask me this should be in early access, not a fully released game. As of right now, I have sent in a refund request, due to the sheer amount of crap this game has given me. If you want more details, then go read other reviews. I'm not the kind of guy who can do that kind of stuff. But please, trust me...STAY AWAY!!!"
,Recommended,645630,33994171,Posted: 3 August,all,Descends,"Sooo, I love the game and i would recomend to anyone, i have come accross a a few GUI and item glitches however they havent canged my view on the game at all.....My only issue that i have found recently is that the welder (to clean the body) is rated for to of a high level at 30-35 because at level at low levels you can get barn finds and restore them however you can fully finnish the job which is quite annoying most resorationsSo this review is mostly aimed towards the developer(s) to possibly lower the level needed for the welderI dont want arguments starting on this but i just thought i would be better to have the welder at a lower levelThanksDescends"
76561198269262962,Recommended,645630,34013227,Posted: 4 August,all,cloudtrucking,Awesome game it's a new games of course there's going to be some bugs big deal it happens they're working on it awesome team so far the only con that I see right now is the fact you not to keep your garage a float because right now I'm facing restarting the game because I took apart too many parts before I realize what I did wrong and now I'm too far gone financially to fix it
76561198169311195,Recommended,645630,33999846,Posted: 3 August,all,DevilsGamer421,okay i have played this game and i have enjoyed it very much. the core fundamentals of the game are there and it is very good but yes it does have some issues. the devs are working to fix the issues which i appreciate. i have experienced some bugs but here is what i think. we as the community pushed this game to be released. they pushed it back several days from release for good reason. they knew it needed work but we wanted it so we got what we asked for as far as this game goes. the bugs will be fixed and we will enjoy this game alot. i know i love it and will work past the bugs and still play it. its a  very good game. thank you red dot and playway for releasing a great game you never disappoint
76561198106832036,Recommended,645630,33999757,Posted: 3 August,all,ItsOzzi,"Pretty good game, yes it has some glitches/bugs but you need to give the devs some time to fix it. Even tho its not what you expected.They are working hard to fix things they didn't do when they released the game, after reading some comments on the game i think you should try and wait for sometime till they fixed most of the stuff. It will be a great game i'm pretty sure.Atleas, i like the game already the more updates there is coming im sure i will be playing more and more."
76561197963470273,Recommended,645630,33999622,Posted: 3 August,all,Quandt,"Alot of bugs and trouble at the start of release, but after some patches and some love from the devs this game is turning into a real gem for carlovers, and a lot of fun to play. You might learn a thing or two to :)"
76561198382445593,Recommended,645630,33895772,Posted: 29 July,all,PO22C,"This is an overall amazing game as I've already played it a lot. It has many bugs, and quite a few problems, but just be patient and give it some time to be updated, the game was just released and has much more to come in the near future. I absolutely recommend this game. But for those of you that don't like paying full price and/or are annoyed by bugs and glitches, give it some time for updates and sales. I love this game as it has amazing graphics, as well as it is very realistic and accurate to real vehicle restorations. I love this game, and once again, recommend it to anyone who is interested in purchasing the game. All I want that I haven't seen in car mechanic simulator 2015 or in the list of DLC's for this game, is Studebaker. It would be a dream come true and an amazing gaming experience to have Studebaker as one of the many vehicle DLC's."
76561198286093594,Recommended,645630,33938874,Posted: 31 July,all,dietergick,"I'm not going to sit here and bash playway for the late release date or the fact that a lot of people have been having issues with the game. On low settings on an R6 graphics card it's running with lag and low fps. I know my graphics card isn't the best but it should be able to handle this game on low at least. Devs seem very forward with the issues and trying to move forward towards building a better product that works for everyone. I'm still going to say the games cool, for sure needs some work on optimization but the idea's there"
76561198253075490,Recommended,645630,33944268,Posted: 1 August,all,totallySLAMaJAMa,ignore the negative reviews...if you were a fan of cms 2015/14 then this will be such an improvement....i would understand people complaining if it was $60.....but its $20.....other games have add ons that are that much ....yes there were some small bugs....but they patched them really quickly...people want to bad mouth the devs for reliecing a game with bugs....but in this day what game isnt released with bugs...not pointing fingers but atleast it wasnt in early release for 2 years and still have bugs and little to no optimization....its ARK....im pointing fingers at ARK....♥♥♥♥ing bull♥♥♥♥♥♥so stop whining about the little issues....they have been patched or will be very soon....id recomend this game at $40 if it was closer to perfect on release day....but $20 is a steal for only haveing some minor issues and it actually being supported...
76561198170424983,Recommended,645630,33965586,Posted: 2 August,all,busmechanic,"So good game. As a diesel mechanic I have been enjoying it.The game is a bit buggy. But the devs have been working on the bugs. Updates almost every day!It is like work but fun, and i dont get busted knuckles!"
,Recommended,645630,33966327,Posted: 2 August,all,Bong Mitzvah,"I was on the fence with this game but i went in open minded and really enjoyed it, yea its got some bugs and its heavy on the gpu. Highly recommend only having one car in the shop at a time, send the rest to the parking lot and boom 60-80 frames for myself (gtx1080). Should be good in a few months."
,Recommended,645630,33980592,Posted: 2 August,all,caedeer,"A little rough around the edges on release, but it's getting better and better and I have faith that Red Dot Games will continue to improve it."
76561197985741992,Recommended,645630,34085441,Posted: 7 August,all,DeVaStIoN|187|,I started playing this game with patch 1.1.2. Aside some minor bugs as a occasional black screen which you easely solve by spamming L-mouse/R-mouse this game is an great improvement over the 2015 game. Many fun and realistic tools and options have been added. Better Skill tree. MANY cars even without buying DLC.Loving to play this game from the first moment. Loving the barn/junkyard finds. Kudos to the devs on their enourmous effort of solving the bugs for us and make this a true enjoyment. Keep it up !!!
76561198020508957,Recommended,645630,34298298,Posted: 16 August,all,RyAnWhiteRush,BEST GAME EVER WELLDONE !!! THIS IS SO REAL ALLMOST EVERYTHING PERFACT WE NEED SOME DRAG RACEING IN THIS GAME AND SOME MORE ITEMS THAT YOU CAN UPDATE YOUR CAR PLS !!! :d :d
76561198033456562,Recommended,645630,33893746,Posted: 29 July,all,Jman,"dont listen to the bad reviews, ive run it no problems apart from the odd bug. Game kepot me up til late10/10"
,Recommended,645630,33970544,Posted: 2 August,all,champion199788,"This is a great game. Even with the bugs on the release date we can see that the developers a quickly working to fix them with patches. They are trying their best , these kinds of things happen nobody is perfect.Cheers Devs :D"
76561197969739272,Recommended,645630,33972245,Posted: 2 August,all,Diet Clorox,"First time taking time to write a review! Little background, I've been a mechanic for 10 years and now work in parts for a major car company. I've been a huge fan of CMS15, because I love my field and its a good game for neophytes to learn the basic principles of car diagnostic and simply pass time. CMS15 had its flaws when it came to realism compared to reality, such as removing coil springs in place for example. CMS18 came out as a surprise for me because I didn't knew it was coming, I received a 10% off the new game and with the great price and I bought it immediately on release day. Like a lot of people complained about, I couldn't play until patch 1.05 that came out really quickly.I'm only 2h in, CMS15 was great but CMS18 is amazing, it is closer to what a being mechanic is like, much much much more detailed. I'm not really good a doing pros and cons but as a mechanic, a car enthusiast and a gamer this game touches all the aspect needed to have a blast. I came across a couple bugs but nothing that ruined the gameplay. After 1.06 came out its even better. I got used to the hotkeys for CMS15 but I love the new interface in CMS18, much faster and easier to use once you get the hang of it.So if you are looking for a great mechanic sim, a great game with a great price buy this one ASAP. Also the dev are doing great effort to make sure the game meet the expectation but let me tell you that mine, so far,  have been surpassed. CMS 15 had to be polished a bit but became a great game. I'm confident it's going to be the same with this game."
76561198028670963,Recommended,645630,33940494,Posted: 31 July,all,TommyGun,"Enjoying it, even with the bugs, and they are patching fast."
76561197997508371,Recommended,645630,33948626,Posted: 1 August,all,Gamer Luna,"This game is good so far, but like everyone says it does have alot bugs and they want feed back on things that are buggy. But so far the game is playable for now, I say to wait at least a couple more weeks before buying it if you don't want to get a buggy game and such. But other then that it runs smoothly and graphics are great."
,Recommended,645630,33966961,Posted: 2 August,all,Camchamp01,"Lovin the game heaps, improved very much from others. Can't wait for this to be out on console!!!"
,Recommended,645630,35433064,Posted: 2 October,all,Moonlight_Saber,"DLC don,t have the value to purchase because only 2 cars,I want to fix more cars,please"
76561198117689130,Not Recommended,645630,35388577,Posted: 1 October,all,ItzTrick,"This game is very buggy and controls are terrible, unable to even mount tires in this game due to bugs with invintory, not worth the $30..."
76561198063987231,Not Recommended,645630,35504122,Posted: 5 October,all,amadi6,I fed up with them is 5.10.2017 and once again they are not doing what they promised. Is buggy my computer which can run oculus rift with medium details and supersampling 1.5 on project cars 2 with steady 90fps is getting low 30 with this simulator. It is  a joke and even though I'm polish I do not recommend this game at current stateComing 5.10.2017--------------------------------------------------- free TUNING DLC for all of you
76561198483283377,Not Recommended,645630,34927231,Posted: 13 September,all,FERGUS the SCRUB,giving this game a 2/10 as it should be early access they clearly rushed to get it on the market... its not complete at all spent some time trying to find a positive side to it and i couldnt at all..  first few hours was fun then the bugs started..
76561198170441599,Not Recommended,645630,34713585,Posted: 3 September,all,jonkubatzki,anytime time I start a game it  would freeze
76561197996089544,Not Recommended,645630,34686677,Posted: 2 September,all,Nailes,"Bought the game, spent hours fixing a car. Wanted to reinstall the four original wheels, but only two could be mounted.No matter what I did, the other two refused to go on the car. Bought different wheels, installed one while the others refused. After some time, a second wheel decided to cave in to my angry voice and went on. The other two still havent been installed and I dont think I want to continue trying. Pretty gamebreaking bug, cant recommend."
,Not Recommended,645630,33868372,Posted: 28 July,all,Derstn,"In the current state, I am not able to use the Path Test, auction, barns, or any of the features outside of basic repair orders. I wouldn't suggest buying it yet. The game feels very beta as the most basic of systems that are advertised are still not fully working."
,Not Recommended,645630,33858484,Posted: 28 July,all,jamie,to buggy.... need a Nasa computer to play it
76561198074335752,Not Recommended,645630,33860162,Posted: 28 July,all,Rhino,"In this state it's pretty much unplayable as it freezes, crashes and the like right now. I say wait until it's patched."
,Not Recommended,645630,33867762,Posted: 28 July,all,JETFREE,I do not recommend this game as it is now.Reason for that is because i spend more time at the loading screenthan the actual game itself.
,Not Recommended,645630,34405710,Posted: 21 August,all,ivrcel,The game is littered with bugs and the gameplay leaves a lot to be desired. Your best bet is to wait a few months for the bugs to be ironed out and buy this game along with all of its DLC in an upcoming winter/summer sale for a deeply discounted price.
,Not Recommended,645630,34849540,Posted: 9 September,all,Bearspirit97,The Game is too buggy i always get stuck in the Test path as i searched for help many other people has the same issues
76561198414547821,Recommended,645630,34862645,Posted: 10 September,all,aaronsaggers82,why wont it run on my laptop i payed for this an i want to play it.
,Not Recommended,645630,34825809,Posted: 8 September,all,Rufinox,"I bought this game as soon as it came out, waited a month or two for the devs to fix this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ poorly developed game. and they STILL havent fixed any of the issues with this game, If I was eligible for a refund, I so would, because this game is trash, the devs dont know what they're doing anymore. I hope this turns into another No Mans Sky thing. Actually scrap that, I hope it doesnt turn into a No Mans Sky thing, because No Mans Sky actually fixed and added new content along with the bug fixes. I so wish I was eligible for a refund."
76561197972439816,Recommended,645630,33930871,Posted: 31 July,all,Mac66,"This is an awesome game with great potential. It's having a little growing pains with bugs on release, but developers are working around the clock to fix them. I recommend to anyone interested in this type of game."
76561198170445433,Recommended,645630,34070103,Posted: 6 August,all,mr.alexanderforbes,when can you add sand box can it be in the next update and love the game  lags when i move to fast and can you have a option to turn of motion blur it is lagybest game i ever played
76561198055791730,Recommended,645630,33875522,Posted: 29 July,all,Saynt,"Optimization works perfectly fine after tutorial. Don't let the negative reviews for this reason discourage a purchase as the rest of the game runs perfectly fine so far. It certainly feels a bit different to play if you've put in as much time as I have into CMS 2015, (600+ hours at time of this review) but I quickly got used to it. It's fun and exciting to play, and has shown a lot more depth than previous titles.NOTE TO RED DOT: Please create a patch to allow us to control mouse sensitivity. It is my only big issue with gameplay.Otherwise, in the 4 hours I have played so far, it is very enjoyable and I am looking forward to countless hours of customization when I get there.Will update review as I progress further."
,Recommended,645630,33933228,Posted: 31 July,all,ajyankee,"It is DEFINITELY a step up from car mechanic 2015.. However, there still are a few things that need to be tweaked. A lot of mispelled words and the tutorial doesn't do a very great job. The game is a lot of fun and i would totally reccommend it!"
,Recommended,645630,34044717,Posted: 5 August,all,Major B,"This is my first outting into a game like this but right off the bat I will say this game is easy to get into, intuitive UI, easy to learn controls and visually stunnging.The downsides I feel are, lack of variety in what parts needed repairing, clunky navigation on the websites to get parts, parts list clunky to use, customization options very limited and the radio doesn't work.Despite this being my first step in a game like this, I like it, the devs are constantly updating it and trying to fix the problems.7.5/10 for reminding me of my younger days helping my dad fix cars."
76561198123171404,Recommended,645630,34165367,Posted: 11 August,all,ITMechanic,nice game to play
76561198183936479,Recommended,645630,33932337,Posted: 31 July,all,dreambeliever31,Have played almost 15 hours worth. game is fun and very realistic in the way parts are take apart and put back together. It is still laggy and has a few bugs. Like when you try to put parts together and use the enter button and it glitches and says you have no parts. Please fix this. except for that I love the game.
76561198018190185,Recommended,645630,33934903,Posted: 31 July,all,Voodoo,"The games in a rough state, fun to play, but alittle buggy. Give it some time to bake, they're still working out those ""Release day Blues"" Bugs. They already have fixed quite a few bugs ive personally run into. Good Developers, check back back in... at most a month, they are moving pretty quickly with these patches."
76561197998444552,Recommended,645630,33993783,Posted: 3 August,all,bigmackey,"yes there are some bugs bolts going in the wrong way..... not that most people would even know that pmsl i enjoy the game it is playable and enjoyable. People so far have complained about the most bizare S**t barn finds dont start apearing till level 8-10 these are random you can go to the junkyard at lvl 13 its called progress the same as your garage grows as you level, think it is well worth the money and im racking the hours up already 32hrs and counting"
76561198126693684,Recommended,645630,34005591,Posted: 3 August,all,Mr_SMILIFACE,Yes the game is buggy but it's amazing to see how hard the devs work on it to make it perfect.
,Recommended,645630,34017741,Posted: 4 August,all,Deemu,If you are afraid of bugs ill suggest waiting. other than that. greatly improved from previous titles. i like this game and trust that developers will fix recent bugs.
,Recommended,645630,34046764,Posted: 5 August,all,Probiviri,"I kept cms 2015 on my wishlist for months... one day it was on sale and I toke it... I loved it so much that as soon as cms 2018 came out I bought whitouht even thinking... but... Despite cms2018 take the game to an higher level, it suffers so many bugs right now that it really should be labeled ""early stage"".The game is not finished, full stop. You can enjoy it but get ready to deal with things that are not working, cars that you cannot fix or that simply disappears... Game graphics is cool but optimization is still to be done and you can barely have 30 fps with a 1080ti.It this game was labeled ""early access"" that would be ok, devs are working like crazy trying to fix the never ending list of bugs that people are reporting and they are releasing patch almost every single day, but the bug list does not look to stop growing.At the end of the day, the game is promising, if you can live with the early status, than you should take it and have fun for a lot of hours... Even if the special parts to customize your ride is yet to be released.PROSA step ahead of cms 2015 with more details, more parts, more things to do in the game.More cars to play withBetter graphic than previous versionCONSWay too many bugs. This game is not completed."
,Recommended,645630,33931997,Posted: 31 July,all,L ᴱ PIIKA=KastadSomLiten,Good game
76561198094095101,Recommended,645630,33932035,Posted: 31 July,all,Moparian,"This is a fundamentally good game that got butchered at launch.I got into CMS when it was on sale, picked up 2015 for a marginal price and had hours of enjoyment out of it. When I found out that 18' was coming out, I was absolutely overjoyed. I bought it almost the second it came out, exicted to see the next chapter and promised improvements. The launch was a nightmare. The game is currently buggy, but the developers have more than redeemed themselves and are actively working to implement the features they claimed and fix the frustrating bugs. If you are unwilling to give an unfinished product a little bit of time to become great, do not buy the game right now. You will be disappointed. But if you can stick with it, this has the potential to be an amazing game and already has good graphics and a bunch of features. It is well thought out, and it will be enjoyable, but it was rushed and it's just going to take a little time for them to catch up and get a hold on things. The cars are extremely detailed, the repairs are realistic and it even includes story missions where people bring cars in with assorted problems and personalities."
76561198041003831,Recommended,645630,33998223,Posted: 3 August,all,Raven De Strawberry Husky,It may have performance issues and lots of glitches but they are slowly fixing it all everyday and I honestly really like the game. It may need work but I still recommend the game.
76561198070392795,Recommended,645630,34068744,Posted: 6 August,all,The Iron Gummy,Beware of putting cars in the parking garage. I put one in there and it bugged my map. Now I can't even load my saved game. I'm not starting over though so I guess I'll wait a few weeks for a fix...
76561198029541917,Recommended,645630,33947131,Posted: 1 August,all,wiktorioss,"after spending few hours in game I have to say it goes in the right dirrection but, it should have been released as Early access just to avoid the big dissapointment from all the gamers here. the whole game has still so many bugs that it's hard to get an hour of flawless gameplay. Ah the gameplay... the new UI is a nightmare and many players already asked to implement the old system to work with the new one or chance to change it in settings (these are very limited anyway).The game developers made some mistakes and now are working extremely hard to make the game work. Patches are released Daily sometimes twice a day so it helps!If you're going to complain about all those minor bugs and got anger issues, wait a couple of weeks and then buy it. If you're as calm as I am you can go and play it with the bugs and actually have a bit of fun with it."
,Recommended,645630,33953683,Posted: 1 August,all,Demonizedhero,pretty neato game just gonna wait till most of the bugs are fixed to play it really
,Recommended,645630,33959979,Posted: 1 August,all,DJChubNTuck,"Look I'll be honest I was really hyped about this game and I still am but I am very dissapointed in the quality of this game at launch. The reason this is positive is because of the constant patches and updates every day since launch to fix their mess. I love many of the aspects of the game mostly the improvements from CMS 15 but, this has some big issues to me too. The whole radial menus and stuff are wonky and there should be an alternative for PC users like CMS 15.A bug I found, although small, include being able to take off a car's lower suspension arm by just taking off the rubber bushings for it at any time even if things are in the way of the suspension arm or its not lifted higher off the floor.Also there is no shift-click to sell things or buy items faster without having to confirm the purchase/sale which was hugely timesaving in CMS 15. Then in inventory theres also a bug in which if you choose to sort your items in a different way,  the drop down menu's words are invisible/glitched. Also there is a lot of studdering and such which is a part of the unoptimization. I would say go ahead and pick this up though, because I mean this game really does have some great gameplay, is extremely user friendly (I actually learned so much stuff from CMS 15), is a good sort of grind to get money, level up, and make your buisness great, etc... I mean this game is awesome, but if you aren't willing to deal with a bit of tumors there and there for this next week to month then waiting is totally okay. I may update this later if I find any good things to add. Oh and there's currently no achievements which was probably my biggest complaint like come on I love my god damn achievements for a game like this. Obtimization ticks me off because I am using a GTX 1070, 6700k i7, 16GB Ram, etc... and have to run this game on low once my garage gets larger or has many cars in it. NOT EVEN MEDIUM. Then I bought a superbird and I spent 60k on it and then when I looked for the perfect 100% on all the parts, some of the parts that have 100% quality show as question marks even though I can see them in place right in front of me. The parts included the tires, rims, and shocks in my case. In which I replaced with new parts.Please keep dishing out these updates quick."
,Recommended,645630,33960131,Posted: 1 August,all,Osi,"Much higher quality models, more game depth than 2015- more game mechanics.I can see much more potential in this game over 2015. I think in time it will be a must have for all current 2015 players and I encourage PlayNow to keep doing what they're doing :)"
,Recommended,645630,33969251,Posted: 2 August,all,Nessie The Beast | hellcase.com,"The best car mechanic simulator ,much recommended for car enthusiast."
76561198141514887,Recommended,645630,33969690,Posted: 2 August,all,DINN3R,the game is getting better day by day
76561198078232031,Recommended,645630,33978848,Posted: 2 August,all,Freezing,"Not sure where all the hate is coming from, I havent experienced any issues so far.As for the gameplay, I played 2015 a lot. This one has a lot of improvements. New tools, new garage, different ways to get cars, and of course the graphics are a bit better.I guess if you have a low end computer, this game may run bad. It will probably improve over time."
76561198088192898,Recommended,645630,33979733,Posted: 2 August,all,gerontie,"wauw, i don'tknow why the people hate it so much yes it has bugs and some problems in it but its not even a week since launch please give it timegreat job developers love the game"
,Recommended,645630,33980463,Posted: 2 August,all,Chris,"Granted, yes it is very buggy. But the devs seem to care and are working on this issues. also this game is absolutly beautiful."
,Recommended,645630,34064777,Posted: 6 August,all,Jake1126,"This game is great so far, if you can deal with the bugs and stuff. It is a NEW game, it will have issues, all games have this problem, just back up your save games to prepare for the worst. I have had no issues besides being a little rough around the edges and not running that smooth. It takes time and that is what you have to understand with buying a recently released game. On the other hand, it is extremely fun, and I know they will refine this game as time goes on, they have been working hard to push updates through every few days to improve. If you are impatient then don't buy right away, but if you can deal with it lagging a bit and some things not working yet, then go right ahead, well worth the money!"
,Recommended,645630,34064973,Posted: 6 August,all,TheNyghty,"Love the game nice to have a better understanding about certain parts in the car, although real life would be so much a pain this game shows you basics."
,Recommended,645630,34065157,Posted: 6 August,all,Santos [PT],"I'm huge fan of CMS series. I have cms2014 and cms2015. I was really excited about cms 2018. I got the game at the release day, right after i came home from work.. But then, it was like an huge nightmare: big disappoitment, low performance at good PC (20fps), bugs everywhere.. lots and lots of bugs. After 10 mins of gameplay my 1st thought was like ""No way this is happening!!!"" No way I'll recommend this garbage, I'm asking for a refund right now!!. But then 1st ""emergency patch"" came. And then the 2nd. And patchs kept coming one after another, almost everyday. The bugs are being corrected, the Devs are listening and following players advices.. And this is very importante: THE DEVS REALLY CARE ABOUT CUSTOMERS! (Thanks Devs). So, the game is amazing, is getting better day after day, almost daily patches, I totally reccomend this game."
76561197964165419,Recommended,645630,34065311,Posted: 6 August,all,Zethril,"I've not run into any bugs, YET. This is my first mechanic sim as I wanted to learn more about cars as my knowledge is shamefully small. This is fun. Lots of laid back fun in the same vein that Slime Rancher is also laid back and easy going. I like it."
76561198053947369,Recommended,645630,34090921,Posted: 7 August,all,emma,great so far <3
76561198174562698,Recommended,645630,34099547,Posted: 8 August,all,Kicks™,"Its a good game but there is still alot that needs to be fixed, like some parts dont line up properly and the achievments dont work but i understand its only just come out so i hope it all gets fixed"
76561198152519015,Recommended,645630,34108761,Posted: 8 August,all,wade1246,One of the best games I've ever played. 10/10 Would fix cars again
,Recommended,645630,34108857,Posted: 8 August,all,Kevi,Game is really good! Yes I know there is a lot of bugs but the creator is working on fixing it. Just be patient. Even with the bugs thought it's still a great game.
76561198118309843,Recommended,645630,33937721,Posted: 31 July,all,xxadekxx,"I have unlocked everything and i cant find anywhere to unlock dyno ?and the salon on map is not working,can anyone help ?"
76561198146375091,Recommended,645630,33947677,Posted: 1 August,all,SWE4TY G4MERZ 9,"Although the game has crashed a few time, this is a much better game than the previous one. The pie system, at first, really annoyed me but now it i am used to it, it is very good and works well. The graphics are 200% better than the last game and there is a lot more gameplay. For example you can now remove the tire from the rim and the is a 'story mode' which adds alot.Overall, I got this game for roughly £13 which is a very good price for a game that offers so much. Although there were a few crashes, it didn't really bother me and I know the developers are working hard to fix them. I would definatly rcommend this game."
,Recommended,645630,34065833,Posted: 6 August,all,Viranth,"I think the game is cool. And the developers are very clear about fixing bugs and making this game solid.The current state now is full playable, I haven't encountered any bugs and I can honestly recommend this if you like this type of game =)"
76561198088212422,Recommended,645630,34094258,Posted: 7 August,all,Devylin,An amazing game so far with its problems. cant wait to see what its like when its been polished.
76561197972947102,Recommended,645630,33953834,Posted: 1 August,all,Shawdawg,"I don't know if it's the way my computer is set up, but I've seen very few bugs in my gameplay, but that was after two patches or so.I'm really enjoying this game, does seem really weird same story missions keep showing up over and over, but I'm having fun."
76561198048891883,Recommended,645630,33959781,Posted: 1 August,all,ddobson,I think it's a great game dispite the issue.  See how Playway and Reddot are working hard to fix it it will eventually be the game they wanted it to be.
76561197994158408,Recommended,645630,33960769,Posted: 1 August,all,Spottyroo,"This has great potential and being a mechanic and shop owner myself, I find it boring (THE REASON WHY: It feels like my job. That's a simulator's purpose isn't it?) but also very enjoyable. If there were an easier way to get to the auctions so you can build the junker cars that would be great. But nonetheless anyone interested in learning mechanics would definitely have a lot of fun with this too.Despite current bugs and all, I can see this being a great time waster in the future and thank you to staff / dev team for their hard work :)"
,Recommended,645630,33980092,Posted: 2 August,all,Sir Chuckles Cheese of Dorkshire,It works well enough to play but it still needs work.good luck devs
76561198020282626,Recommended,645630,33937182,Posted: 31 July,all,Bradleh85,Needs invert mouse option... like... STAT!
,Recommended,645630,33947138,Posted: 1 August,all,Midnight Shadows,"Having played both 2014 and 2015, and owning I believe all of the DLC for both games, I came into 2018 expecting a lot. It's clear to me now that I'm both dissapointed, and not dissapointed.I'll start with what makes this game great, and why I chose to reccomend it even though I'm a bit dissapointed.The vast variety of cars in the game, there are plenty of new cars for you to mess around with. Many configurations to learn with some of the new ways they've combined parts. I very much enjoy the new combining parts feature they've added. Tires to Rims, springs and such to the shocks, even down to details such as the fan in the radiator fan housing.  These things are great, it adds a whole new level of detail to the game that was never there before.To continue with the new exciting features, there are plenty of new things you can spec yourself into with the skill tree. It does get its roots from 2015 and 2014 but it just seems to me like there's more things to spec into. Which is always a good thing. On top of that while I can't seem to determine customization of the garage, they've certainly stepped up customization of the cars. You can now modify the interior of cars and its great. While I've not personally got to this part yet in my play through of the game I can say that from what I know and can see thus far its pretty awesome. Plus they've also added the ability of barn finds, these are great because you can find cars to restore/customize, or you can find junk parts you can bring back to your garage and sell or use, great new feature in my opinion. The test track is actually a test track now too which is nice. Oh and the loading screens are not nearly as long, and your garage is now one unit, meaning you can walk from the inside of the garage to the inside of the text path, paint shop, so on and so forth without a loading screen. (Assuming you've unlocked them.)And another high mark I'm going to give this game, they have both story and non-story missions, by this I mean they brought back the story aspect from 14 and also kept in the randomly generator aspect from 15. You'll get missions that ask you to do things with a little story like in 14, these missions from what I can tell don't time out and you can do them whenever. Then other randomly generated missions will appear more frequently which often are the standard ""This is whats wrong with it fix it"" thing. These missions usually time out, they don't stay like they did in 15 which is kind of nice in my opinion, it circulates them around which is a nice aspect to have added.Now lets move onto the bad. The things that have dissapointed me.Hotkeys. There is a shocking lack of hotkeys. I'm used to being able to switch between taking off parts and adding parts by pressing 1 or 2, that's gone. Seems to be the same with most of the other hotkeys. From what I can determine that are no hotkeys aside from for your tablet which is still T. Instead now we have this radial menu you can access via right click. It's alright for easy access to things but it seems a bit clunky to me. It's not too bad once you get used to it but if you've spent over 100 some hours in 14 and 15 you'll find yourself instinctively clicking the hotkeys expecting things to happen and being dissapointed when they don't. This could be easily fixed by the devs though by adding in hotkeys, So I won't knock the game too much for this.While I give the game high marks for the assembly and dissasembly of parts (Wheels to Rims and SPrings, so on and so forth) It is time consuming, and in early missions where you've not got a lot to do it can be a bit boring to have to wait for it. Of course in real life we would have to wait anyway but while its a simulator, its also still a game. The most boring task I've found thus far is waiting for the tires to balance themselves. One at a time and it takes FOREVER. If all you're doing is changing the tires on a car this task will take you wayyy longer than it should.While other people say they've had negative experiences with glitches and crashes I can't say I've had the same experience. I had a single glitch and it was purely graphical. Easily fixed by saving and exiting and reentering without even restarting the game. Optimization seems a bit poor, I have a pretty beefy pc and I find that it runs best on medium as opposed to high but I can run it on high without significant effects to gameplay. Really its me wanting a perfect framerate rather than having ocassional stutter, But if you're fine with an ocassional frame drop play it on high, its beautiful albeit the loading time is longer.With these things in mind I have to say I am really enjoying this game. Things I wish were in 14 and 15 have been added to 2018 which makes it wonderful and a nice change of pace. This is why I've reviewed it positively. Its certainly not as arcadey as the last game and its not for everyone. A lot of people I think will find this game not to their taste, which is fine. I am a bit dissapointed in some thnigs such as the lack of hot keys and time it takes to do certain tasks, but these things can be overlooked in my opinion as the game compensates for these with its amazing graphics and new features.TL:DRIf I had to give this game a rating I'd give it a 7/10. While I enjoy it I realize not everyone who played the last games would, and althought it has many new features it is lacking older ones leaving it with just a 7 out of 10. Above average but not something to write home about. That said future patches and updates may rectify the things about this game that I've had a negative experience with. I reccomend it for anyone who's a car enthusiest and enjoys what they see in the previews."
76561198009781002,Recommended,645630,33961198,Posted: 1 August,all,jakem33,Good game. does have its issues though but developers are constantly updating and fixing it. rough launch but solid game.
76561198025373953,Recommended,645630,33937860,Posted: 31 July,all,jamestcmuir,This is quite an accurate game it’s also quite entertaining. I won’t lie and say there are no bugs there are a few only one has caused major problems. You will see a lot of people saying that it doesn’t run well but I don’t even meet the min specs and can play it fine on low- medium setting and even on low setting it looks pretty good. If you are interested in buy this game I recommend it. My only big issue is the controls are very different to the two previous CMS and takes some time getting used to.
,Recommended,645630,33939790,Posted: 31 July,all,Amelco,Very fun game!Nice graphics and detailed parts.
76561198027516940,Recommended,645630,33953660,Posted: 1 August,all,Car3214,"Good game, a bit buggy, but good one"
76561198244940786,Recommended,645630,34066224,Posted: 6 August,all,Flaggi,"Very good game overall, I really appreciate that the developers has already updated the game more than 13 times."
,Recommended,645630,34086926,Posted: 7 August,all,shaunyboy2095,this game is a difficult one to review because it has so much potential and they are slowly getting there the devs are patching the game daily to get it working right if i didnt have a coupon i would have waited and i think that is the best advice i can give is to wait for maybe another month and then look again. but the core gameplay is enjoyable relaxing and overall fun. so i mean i dont regret purchasing the game but it definitly needs some fixes
76561198396364371,Recommended,645630,34090802,Posted: 7 August,all,BlueF1ame,pretty cool
,Recommended,645630,34743775,Posted: 4 September,all,Τασος,Nice
,Recommended,645630,33980038,Posted: 2 August,all,Nicerock234,I recommend the game it is very fun but after 2 hours of playing it the day it came out it blew up my computer!! But it was fun well it lasted
76561198034302644,Recommended,645630,34065424,Posted: 6 August,all,zinloosgekweld,"Two words: LOVE IT!!! <3 There is some to say about the graphics and the clunky feel to some of the ways you need to reach/aim for a bolt sometimes and the game does tend to stutter every now and then. But a big CUDOS to the one that developed the game. I'm no programmer but I think I do have the understanding in the difficulty to make a game like this.The tutorial can be better but once you get into the part-mount mode, you do get the undestanding of what's asked of you to put the parts togehter. The rest is more or less straightforward and intiutive.One thing is for sure, I'm addicted and I'm getting some understanding of cars in the meanwhile as well!! :DOne last thing: it's an indie game dev team, don't forget that you can not expect them to be compared or compete with big household names on the market. And even some of them do a VERY bad job in putting buggy games out that feel like you are beta-testing (not going to mention any names).All above written with the respect for the people who made this and to put it in the well respected perspective it deserves."
76561197993340059,Recommended,645630,34095311,Posted: 7 August,all,stwongbad,"Yes the game was buggy on initial release. But that's a distant memory. CM 2015 was incredible, and CM 2018 just expands that (now that the game works properly). The myriad of added equipment/tools really deepens the experience. And the graphics are incredible, and will only continue to get better as the devs refine their engine.  I haven't even gotten to try the junkyard modes. Very, very pleased with my purchase."
76561198170102527,Recommended,645630,34108549,Posted: 8 August,all,jimchaplin86,very laggy and now i cant get cars out of my parking or go to the junkyard also not smooth even when you turn down graphical settings a good game but needs A LOT of work i really hope the developers fix these problems
,Recommended,645630,34093537,Posted: 7 August,all,chr1117,I really love this game
76561198078890792,Recommended,645630,33958146,Posted: 1 August,all,Lord Pepsi,"Im gonna go off the beaten path and say, I love this game.It is buggy, broken and not what was promised but it is also beautiful and fun still and I can see the Devs are sicnerely trying to get things fixed."
76561198156713436,Not Recommended,645630,35503073,Posted: 5 October,all,sashahellsing,i dont know why a company would release a game this buggy badly optimised  and even ask 20$ for it
,Not Recommended,645630,35046383,Posted: 18 September,all,Reivo Kuuba,Ei soovita!
76561197969047038,Not Recommended,645630,34448345,Posted: 23 August,all,fish,"Can't even play it because it shipped without mouse invert, and when they eventually added it, it inverts the mouse in all the menus too.  So in the menus, you push the mouse up and your cursor goes down.  That's the most amateurish attempt at implementing a feature I've seen in a very long time.Also apprently that's not broken enough to be worth a refund even though I can't play the game after 10 patches and a month of waiting.  Thanks Steam."
76561198094840864,Not Recommended,645630,35165819,Posted: 23 September,all,Bioshocked,Missing to many things that should aready be in game.
76561198171655763,Recommended,645630,33861494,Posted: 28 July,all,Rick Sanchez csgobig.com,I like the game it's amazing way different so what it's not optimized big deal I'm just playing on medium
76561198030420654,Not Recommended,645630,34064931,Posted: 6 August,all,Mikey21,"Incredibly clunky, low quality, unoptimized, grind fest.Even if they patched it, it would be like a polished turd.Atleast I got my money back."
76561198040078774,Recommended,645630,33861401,Posted: 28 July,all,NINJAF15H,Don't know why anyone is complaining about performance. I'm running an i5 6600K and a GTX 970 and it runs perfectly fine with no issues.
76561198001111298,Not Recommended,645630,35238520,Posted: 27 September,all,reapster313,"DO NOT BUY. This game is not finished and i don't think it will ever be fixed properly.it was the same thing with 2014 and 2015, the game comes out incomplete, then before the game is even finished they start selling DLC's and before you know it they abandon the game and make a new one, then they start with the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, unfinished♥♥♥♥♥♥sold to you then before its fixed they start selling DLC's then before you know it the game is abandoned and they release a NEW INCOMLETE GAME..... Again without finishing the game they sell you DLC's and who knows how long this will last until they bring out CMS 2020...??? This would be an awesome game but they keep ♥♥♥♥ing us and wanting more money. I wish i never bought the games but I am so stupid I keep hoping they fix the problems with the new release, Maybe wait 6 months and if this game is still there try it and maybe it has been finished but if there is a CMS 2019 or 2020 in 6 -12 months don't bother buying this one or the new one.I will say that yes they release regular updates and fix multiple issues but ffs guys finish and perfect one thing before jumping to the next money bag.If you don't get this game on a special or massive discount OR for free don't bother wasting your money."
,Not Recommended,645630,33862645,Posted: 28 July,all,Maverick629,"Very, very poor optimization in this game. This is for PC, you would think there would be more than Low, Med, High, Ultra. I have a i5-4460 and a GTX 970 Strix OC card. This game runs like crap with even the recommended hardware. Im beginning to think that recommended is recommended for the Low setting. All this not even in 1080p. They kept us waiting for this, are you kidding me? Refund please."
76561198273082905,Not Recommended,645630,33887314,Posted: 29 July,all,ケツァナコワレトル,"Terribly unstable, boring."
76561198295420585,Not Recommended,645630,34135299,Posted: 9 August,all,lil water pump,if you have a laptop thats not for gaming DONT GET THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,645630,34059775,Posted: 6 August,all,Dirty Dad Dicks,"Literally a worse launch status and runs worse than No Man's Sky. Oh, how the mighty have fallen, but I'll give them a patch to optimize this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and remove that console plebian interface before i refund it."
76561198149137791,Not Recommended,645630,34882751,Posted: 11 September,all,Haaaaaawk ;3 hellcase.com,"For you who don't know alot about cars, this game isnt for you... I spent 1 hour trying to figure out how to even install doors to my car, didnt even get a proper tutorial for how things work. I'm not that good about cars but got really intressted when i saw this game in the store. When i played it i just walked around having no clue what to do, since i didnt get a tutorial... Refunded and will not try this again"
76561198409368028,Not Recommended,645630,34547789,Posted: 28 August,all,JBWalker963,"laggy, even on low quality. had trouble getting new game started.recommend waiting till they smooth out the game.disappointed but wil definitely play once it runs smootherwill update review then....."
76561198162350163,Not Recommended,645630,33862611,Posted: 28 July,all,Theresea May,constantly crashed cant even get past the tutorial!!!
76561198171671513,Not Recommended,645630,34132169,Posted: 9 August,all,markphelps3900,"Dont buy!!! I got 27 hrs in ths game, then it updated to 1.1.5 and it stopped working and still wont work after update 1.1.6 can't play old game can't start a new one!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198343701531,Not Recommended,645630,34132274,Posted: 9 August,all,Xsmatrix142,Cannot even load into the game. Its so laggy cannot get in the game. Would not reccomen it!
76561198023893074,Not Recommended,645630,34159326,Posted: 10 August,all,Ninerz,"So poorly optimized, it nearly bluescreened my home built rig during the tutorial. Combine with no way to access the video settings from within the game proper, and you've got a frustrating experience before you even start playing the game.I will be refunding this immediately."
,Not Recommended,645630,33858401,Posted: 28 July,all,SvenBrandt99,"NO MOUSE, CONSOLE GAME ON PC"
76561198418959435,Not Recommended,645630,34803548,Posted: 7 September,all,drewddimella,this game has the worst reactoin time it sucks i want a refund
,Not Recommended,645630,33914716,Posted: 30 July,all,GAHDOOSH,"First available job for my game, check tires and change oil.Replace all 4 tiers with new ones, car now doesnt accept the wheels. Says ""there are no parts available"""
76561198051366597,Recommended,645630,33995390,Posted: 3 August,all,Squanchy,this game is vary fun abit slow to get to the end game things and even then not everything is avaliable to use. I do love this game even with some of the fualts it has. My brother and I get on discord and spend most of the night working on cars amazing game 8/10
,Recommended,645630,33995547,Posted: 3 August,all,Magma,"I bought the game the day it was released and found there were so many bugs it was almost unplayable. Almost. I played the game for a cumulative total of around 30 hours and I have to say, this game isn't that bad. The one thing this game needs from the player base is patience. People are getting unbelievably angry saying that the game is a scam designed for the developers to make money even though the devs probably haven't slpet for several weeks after the release with a patch at least every day. The game is still slightly broken with some body panels missing and a couple of game breaking glitches but the people who constantly have had their saves being lost must be intentionally looking for the bugs to crash their game and incite an unprecedented amount of rage. You simply learn to live with the bugs and get used to the games state and be pleasently suprised when the bugs you have found some roadblocks automagically disappear in the next patch. The only advice I have for going into the game in it's current state is to have a general level of patience and allow the devs to fix their game because they clearly care about it. the only thing that I ask from the devs is to add an FOV option and to optimize the damn thing because my 970 is screaming for the bliss that only sweet death can bring on low settings."
,Recommended,645630,34014655,Posted: 4 August,all,Martini 593 :) Mhhmmm :D,"Hello Polish Devs! I waiing for updates of this game! I bought this game, becouse It was made a Polish guys and I interested a automotive industry. Change it from unplayable to playeble. Thanks a lot :)"
76561197990709510,Recommended,645630,34053131,Posted: 5 August,all,Zajaka,"Release was hairy, there were many game breaking bugs - fastfoward today; the game is still not perfect but there have been many, many bug fixes, and as far as i'm aware there aren't any game breaking bugs, none that I have ran into personally. CMS 2016 was an amazing game and CMS 2018 has the potiental to be even better.I feel like I've gotten my money's worth, and I will continue to support CMS  through the coming DLCs."
,Not Recommended,645630,34224953,Posted: 13 August,all,Memeboi_666,"This game is a great game, from videos I've seen. Have I experienced it? No, because I get a black screen and my computer freezes when loading. This game has been out for 17 days. 17 DAYS, and yet, it has more bugs out then a lot of games in release. They should not have released this product until 50% of the bugs it has now are gone. If you have a computer that fits in the stats and want a game that runs smoothly 75% of the time, don't get this game."
,Not Recommended,645630,33892033,Posted: 29 July,all,chippa7,The game only partially works. The dev had all this time plus a delay in launch and the game is 50% done. Why did this game get released??? The price should be 50% less. Asking for refund.
,Not Recommended,645630,33896831,Posted: 29 July,all,King Giblet HNIC,The games UI alone made me cringe....
76561198281674999,Recommended,645630,33995138,Posted: 3 August,all,22itsrat,i loaded up the game and the main menu is super laggy it crashed once so i tried it again and it loaded the game and i got passed the menu and the tutorial loaded but it was just a black screen i could still pause the game though and it is still super laggy please fix
,Recommended,645630,34012771,Posted: 4 August,all,Ehbraham,"buggy at launch, but quickly patched. Enjoyable as a CMS15 owner with the graphical update and the junkyard and barn finds cars. The prices for barn find stuff is too damn high though. Overall, its a great game."
,Recommended,645630,33884979,Posted: 29 July,all,DankRP Micah,"I see there are many many bad reviews for ""BAD OPTIMIZATION"" and yes I will agree, but all you have to do is lower your graphics settings and wait for a patch. Its no big deal and it certainly does not stop this from being an amazing in depth game."
,Recommended,645630,33971201,Posted: 2 August,all,Jake,Great game and improved graphics over other versions. Dont listen to reviews saying there are glitches i havent encountered one yet. I reccommend this to anyone who likes the other ones
76561198026988177,Recommended,645630,34044257,Posted: 5 August,all,DropXxShot10 -Twitch-,"Really rough start, but since buying, the devs seem to be putting out a patch a day! Awesome game none the less!"
76561198417719721,Recommended,645630,34773267,Posted: 6 September,all,momssonmikey,i buy this and it dont work
,Recommended,645630,34086809,Posted: 7 August,all,KaanKKG,To all of the bad ratings and comments. Playway is working 24 7 to make this game perfect and you all are being a holes about it just give them some time you guys are discoureging them. Just give playway some time and you will see the true Car Mechanic Simulator 2018
,Recommended,645630,34088615,Posted: 7 August,all,Deaf3279,Hard to believe I actually enjoy it
76561197961277609,Recommended,645630,33948238,Posted: 1 August,all,Br0Viper,I cant believe the Reviews im reading..  Pisses me off.  People Expect gold from a 20$ game.. SHUT UP ALREADY!  First off!  This game is worth more than 20 bucks!  It will get better! Problems will get fixed.     I love this game i cant wait till they open everything up and we get to see full potential!!    NOTE: this game is not for people playing on there Moms PC!!
76561198189035315,Recommended,645630,34043150,Posted: 5 August,all,[HHA]mattvoza,ok so lets start with the game is solid. it has a good idea and it is a step up from the cms15. although there is some isues like many people say i would still recomend geting the game but that might be because i am used to games having litle hicups hear and there. a good 3/4 of my steam library was bought in early acces and my computer was never designed for gaming so i am lalready used to playing games on low. with that said i must also give a shout out to the game develepers for working there butts of to fix the problems in the game and for being blunt and apologizing about it. there shoud be more game devs like you who arent afraid to admit that there is some wide spread problems. i apologize for my gramer and spelling just live with it.
,Recommended,645630,33996243,Posted: 3 August,all,Natalie,"This game has had a launch on a par with the Challenger space shuttle and it should have either been held back and maybe put out in a beta, or released on early access  to allow them to iron out the issues.I'm not going to let that single balls up be my judgement of the game, the game looks decent (still needs optimising), it's as addictive as the previous one (The just one more car syndrome is strong) and once they iron out the bugs (which are currently being patched sometimes as often as twice a day) it should easilly have the longevity of the previous Car Mechanic games.Your enjoyment of this game in it's current state will largely depend on your tolerance and acceptance that it needs a lot of TLC and polish and playing it currently requires patience, I still feel an early access release would have been in better taste but I love the game and can recommend it despite the bug swatting still needed, this kind of reminds me of the Fallout 3 release, the game crashed more then the pound since Brexit yet the gameplay kept you reloading and carrying on."
76561198051826960,Recommended,645630,33957506,Posted: 1 August,all,pokemon0306,Fired up for the first time today. 8 hours later and i'm struggling to turn the game off still (thank god for days off!!!)This game has bugs dont get me wrong but look past that and look at the acutal game. It's superb. the developers have done a great job with this game and they are clearly working hard to sort the bugs out.take the risk and ignore the bad reviews and i'm sure you won't be dissapointed.Enjoy!!!!
,Not Recommended,645630,34393487,Posted: 21 August,all,Biscuit~,"This game has several important issues that needs to be fixed before it's even remotely worth a ""buy"".First off, I'll say that the game does look beautiful. However, it runs like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I can't even keep 30 FPS on a 980Ti, and that is an atrocity.Taking settings down to Medium gives me a playable framerate of 40-50, but this shouldn't happen.---------------------------------------------------------EDIT: I should point out that I'm running on a 21:9 resolution, Ultrawide 3440x1440. But with a computer worth slightly less than €2000, this shouldn't be an issue.---------------------------------------------------------Second, the mouse acceleration that is ON by default is ludicrous. WHY in the seven hells did you devs think this was a good idea? Also, no RAW input? What the ♥♥♥♥?The UI should have some redesigning done to it as well, especially when examining cars. I played the 2015 version quite a bit, but I can't for the life of me understand the new UI.Moving around when focusing on a part is much more problematic than it should be as well.I end up moving to a wrong part or far away from where I initially started without meaning to.---------------------------------------------------------EDIT: Okey, I spent some more time with the game, and I have finally come to somewhat understand the UI. I still don't like it, and still think they don't give a good enough explanation as to how it works. However, it IS functional, I just don't think the wheel is necessary. Seems like a console-gimmick that really has no purpose on PC.---------------------------------------------------------Tutorial is nigh on useless, this should be resolved. You don't know what else is left for you to look at, so you're expected to run around like a headless chicken until the game tells you otherwise.All in all, it's moved from the last installment of this series, and I think some of the new features should have been introduced in a more friendly way.Until these issues are resolved, or at least made better, this is not a game I can recommend."
76561198412422198,Not Recommended,645630,34215785,Posted: 13 August,all,kenjackelen,"I bought this game, really excieted to try it out and everytime it gets to the loading screen it freezes and does nothing. very very disapointed that i cant play it for the 20 dollars i spent on it!"
76561198051276208,Not Recommended,645630,35150578,Posted: 23 September,all,cookjos4,Extremely laggy for an offline game.  Even with a relatively higher end PC.   Just ridiculous.
76561198062577536,Not Recommended,645630,35029166,Posted: 17 September,all,rickwilfong90,"I cannot play this game, I cannot hit install. The game no longer works it worked before now it doesn't! Fix this"
76561198276381427,Not Recommended,645630,33865627,Posted: 28 July,all,Shaneroop,this game sucks not worth 24 dollars. I have been waiting weeks and they keep postponing it and im not sorry but it does suck the frams are low bad connnection and when does this come out on console i guess they lied about that cause i dont see it anywhere.
,Not Recommended,645630,33863797,Posted: 28 July,all,KaosReigns,"Game is a pure buggy mess.  I gave them a week to fix their launch, this didnt happen.I5 - 4590Sabertooth Z97 Mobo16 Gigs ramNvidia 750 TiWinblows 10There is absolutely no reason I shouldnt be able to run this in low, however, I cant.  Its laggy, its choppy.  Cars are still missing parts.  Version 1.12 and its still absolutely a mess.Refund was requested, I doubt I will pick this back up in the future.  I will also remove this review in 6 months time when the bug period could be considered over."
76561198359711968,Not Recommended,645630,34692103,Posted: 2 September,all,connorh2812,it says it can run on a core i3 but it dose not
76561197981796554,Recommended,645630,33998226,Posted: 3 August,all,Proxy_J,"Weeellll... I honestly DO enjoy the game immensely, but dangit, daddy needs some lovin. Desperately needs patching, but has enormous potentialPretty glitchy, but still fun as Hell. My only real complaint is that you can't UPGRADE cars, like change one that was leafspring to coil springs, you can only put what came on it stock."
76561198349708943,Recommended,645630,34070400,Posted: 6 August,all,MRxXKillerGamingXx,My game will not load i really like this game and would like to keep playing but i cant so plz fix the bug
76561198115257185,Recommended,645630,33932122,Posted: 31 July,all,eli.wooley,"every time i exit out of the tablet, the screen goes black. It also goes black when i exit out of assemble mode. the game is still poorly optomized and has ridiculously low and i meet the requirments. Also you can not buy the radiator cap, oil fill cap, and oil drain plug in the part store. these issues need to be fixed ASAP because i can not even play the game."
76561197998110130,Recommended,645630,33997870,Posted: 3 August,all,Zeph,"tl;dr - weeklong release delay for a bug filled (some game breaking) release has a lot of people pretty unhappy. Game still quite playable.Game is pretty interesting and easy to play, can get a bit repetitive but it's like playing Legos with car parts imo. It's still very playable despite the bugs, and so far they've been throwing out daily patches trying to fix up the myriad of problems. If you have any concerns at all just wait a bit until it's more stable, or wait for a sale or something.I'd still very much recommend the thing, and it should only improve as time goes on. It's unfortunate they released it in such shape, but I didn't have any hype (this thing came out of nowhere for me) so i'm still spending a good amount of time tinkering away at some cars."
76561198178456703,Recommended,645630,33998089,Posted: 3 August,all,Bman,This is a super fun game
,Recommended,645630,33993425,Posted: 3 August,all,AENGUS,"Good core mechanics very fast patches, patience people!"
76561197982423250,Recommended,645630,33934063,Posted: 31 July,all,EdgeCrusher,"First I will say that YES this game did have a few issues at launch time.  But then this is to be expected of any new releases  these days, where fans play an important role in helping developers chase down missed bugs.  That said, The Developers of this title have been working with indefatigable dedication over the past several days getting issues fixed and so far everything is looking good.As to the game itself, this edition of CMS brings a lot of new content to that really adds to the fun side of the game, with 40+ cars, new ways to obtain parts, and tons of places to explore.  This edition focuses heavily on the players imagination and future expandibility (With an added car editor).  I am not sure but I think we can expect expanded DLC and Workshop content beyond just cars alone this time around.  I look forward to where CMS2018 will be going."
76561198245049112,Recommended,645630,34069410,Posted: 6 August,all,Pilotdude109,The game lags and doesn't run well and it makes it very hard to do things and it is very annoying.
,Recommended,645630,33964641,Posted: 1 August,all,Chellick,"The game had a rocky launch, but otherwise is fantastic!"
76561198121019785,Recommended,645630,33935678,Posted: 31 July,all,MaDLaDx,i loved cms15 this one is really good there are bugs and glitches but thats to be ecspected but there working on it keep up the updates guys thanks love itp.s ive been drinking and building cars lolpps when is workshop coming i wana build other peoples creations lolkeep it up reddot and playway :) love it
76561198162736167,Recommended,645630,33936223,Posted: 31 July,all,Mikael,"Finally, a new CMS! 2014 and 15 were very great.The game works but they need to do some stuff like:- Bug fixes- small features needs to be added.- performance fixes.I hope they fix it. Looking forward to it!"
,Recommended,645630,33961657,Posted: 1 August,all,PillowWilo,"Love this game, too bad about the endless bugs :("
76561197971532618,Recommended,645630,33969223,Posted: 2 August,all,hawk,bit grindy but great game and the dev team is topline
,Recommended,645630,34086966,Posted: 7 August,all,TheQuickestSloth,"This is an interesting one, there's a lot going around about a lot of bugs etc appearing in this game, and I've experienced some of them first hand, but you must bare in mind that you're buying a new game, it's not long been released so it's going to have bugs and issues (atleast as of this review), but give it a chance, it's a fun game that has a lot more to offer than CMS 15 and has a lot of potential, once the bugs etc have been ironed out, I'm sure everyone will be buying it. I am going to recommend this product because I do enjoy playing it, despite the flaws in it, yes it's not very well optimized at the moment but I'm willing to give it a chance and you should too. Anyone that's into cars or wants to learn a little about cars etc, this is a game you should pick up. It is a little pricey but I think it's worth it if you have the money"
,Recommended,645630,33936515,Posted: 31 July,all,Rithal,Bug fixes made less bad.
76561198073154646,Recommended,645630,33978885,Posted: 2 August,all,Lord Tridax the Blood dragon,Car Mechanic Simulator 2018I see a lot of hate towards this game even from rock paper shotgun so I decided to throw out my review now to maybe help the game after all one can make a world a difference.To the developers I hope this review helps and though the trials may be long and tiring but know that at the end it will be yet another marvel and if anyone of your team wishes to use this review to say rub it in the faces of sites like rock paper shotgun feel free I whipped this up in a minute.And to the critics lay off ya hoser’s AAnd now for the reviewThe game is truly beautiful it’s all I expected from a sequel to the last sure there’s bugs but hay it’s better to have them now in the public because with everyone playing it they will find the bugs faster than the developers would so it gives them more time to hunt them down and kill them. Besides it’s fun to bug hunt in a game it give you the feeling that your actually contributing to its development so what there’s no auto save I always hate auto saves cause the stop the game for a few seconds and depending on the game maybe a minute so to me I always think that it crashed.I for one love this game I loved the last one and I stand by my saying that if you want a game that allows you to tinker with old cars and fix them up this is the game for you even with the bugs I have had the game for a good few days now and I’m good at both finding and avoiding bugs so. On the first day I found one and after that not one bug and they even fixed that bug I had the next day too so there fast so stop with the hate and give them a hand.The graphics are through the roof could use a little bit of optimizing since I can only run it on low but maybe that’s my machines fault it’s an ASUS Series G74S with a NVIDEA GeForce GTX 560m 3GB and I think 8 sticks of ram in it so she can handle good graphics on other heavy games and though it can only run on low without lag for this game it’s still beautiful so its ok with me.The new vehicles are lovely though I more love the old looking cars like the dodge challenger I don’t really care for modern not unless it’s like Lamborghini or Bugatti but those are super cars and sports cars I still love muscle cars the most I hope to see more in the future so I can walk down my garage and see all the oldies and reminisce about them.I do think the tires could be a little bigger though on all the cars it looks the same just means to avoid bot holes or speed bumps because you would get hung up what with the level of clearance that it gives same with the under carriage it looks like its detached and floating but maybe that’s just me I don’t really go under my truck too often maybe once in a blue moon.It would also be nice if you could drive these vehicles around not on a track but in a city maybe run from the police and smash em up a little or have a drag track where you can compete with random draggers with your own ride but maybe in the future there’s other things on priority than this.And little things amissya there is none
76561198020358567,Recommended,645630,34042811,Posted: 5 August,all,dsuch818,"People need to quit being jerks and give the Devs a chance. Even though the game needs polishing, in this day and age what new release doesn't? Even ""highly polished"" games released on PS or Xbox have gameday release updates to fix issues and so far, the Devs for this game are working diligently to update what seems on a daily basis to fix bugs and make stuff right so people just need to lay off.  I like the game and with a bit more tweaking it can be really cool."
,Recommended,645630,33884945,Posted: 29 July,all,dalegdawg,"There are a lot of people saying that the game is very poorly optimised and that they're using gtx 1080's and you know what? It is. But, it's expected (PlayWay even said that it'd be better to get it a month or so after launch) which to me warrents a bit of poor optimisation.Me personally, I'm using a gtx 1060 6gb and I'm getting roughly 30-40 fps on high. And for a game like this as long as it's over 30, there's nothing to complain about.There are bugs I've run into which naturally did annoy me but because I'm expecting this sort of thing with a game that just launched (and possibly not when the developers wanted it to launch) I'm fine with that.The game as a whole is great and definitely worth the buy. But I'd suggest waiting for a patch to come out unless you're fine with the bugs in there right now.Here's a bug that I noticed so far: Using the test path locks you in the car with no way to move the vehicle or get out. You can't access the menu here either which means you have to force quit the game. Even before you use the test path it has some text along the lines of ""Are you sure you want to repair {0} for {1}?"" Which is clrearly incorrect. - And again I'm fine with this.The other thing I noticed is that the game doesn't auto-save when you complete a job. You have to do it manually. I found this out the hard way when I forced quit the game and launched to find I'm back at level 1."
76561198130026145,Recommended,645630,33968119,Posted: 2 August,all,glynuk1987,After looking at all the reviews i bite the bullet and got this game as it was on sale i have played 6 houres of the game and i have to say i really like it plays well and i have not come across any bugs yet.
,Recommended,645630,34105611,Posted: 8 August,all,Driesn,"I couldn't wait for this game to be released, and when it  finally got released I bought it etc.And it kinda sucked. Many things were wrong with the game, bugs and glitches that weren't supposed to be there.It felt like they released a game without really testing it a lot first.Luckily they reacted very quickly and now there have been daily updates since and its running much better now, all the bugs and glitches I had at first are gone now.The only thing that still bothers me is the options menu. I miss cursor sensitivity, and some more advanced graphic options. Now you can only choose low medium high and ultra graphics. So you can't really fidle with the graphic options to get a nice fps going. I'm running it on nearly 30 fps on either ultra, high or medium.I have 16 GB RAM, GEFORCE GTX 1070 dual 8GB graphics card and an i5 6600K processor.But hey after all the game is great and they put a lot of new ideas in the game that turned out great compared to CMS 15.And ofcourse CMS 15 runs perfect now after all these years so I'm sure CMS 18 will run as smooth.If you liked CMS 15 you really need to get this one. Better graphics and way more parts on the cars that make the whole car mechanic experience more realistic."
76561198002374008,Recommended,645630,33940228,Posted: 31 July,all,MfrMadcat,"Hello, i love the game, its got its bugs but what game doesnt there working on fixing it at the time im writing this, after the bugs r out its def a amazing game"
76561198113487547,Not Recommended,645630,35503728,Posted: 5 October,all,DrinkY24,bugs !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,645630,33879556,Posted: 29 July,all,Bogor Represent!,Refunded.That's all you need to know.
,Recommended,645630,33858462,Posted: 28 July,all,𝕲𝖗𝖎𝖋𝖋𝖎𝖓,"As any other game it has its issues at its start. So what? Give it some time, I'am sure its going to be all right.The review is going to re rewritten later as it's just an upvote."
76561198057786536,Not Recommended,645630,33858911,Posted: 28 July,all,m03tSV,Crap
,Not Recommended,645630,33877891,Posted: 29 July,all,Oxymoral(Ai),this game is as bad as an alpha stage game
76561198275720533,Not Recommended,645630,34109844,Posted: 8 August,all,Elliott,my computer cant run itt    there is not any graphic settings??/ like tf
,Recommended,645630,34110576,Posted: 8 August,all,Cynter[IN THE ARMY FOR 3 MONTHS],"10/10 Game, would recommendHonestly, this game is so much better than CMS2015, despite it's current bugs. Devs are working really hard on fixing those bugs, there's an update almost every day.The game has bugs, yes. But which game doesn't really?Anyway, I really enjoy playing the game and I hope everyone else does too, I promise you, you'll enjoy the game if you can look away from some minor bugs. :)"
76561197960775019,Not Recommended,645630,34119955,Posted: 9 August,all,Input,You can not adjust mouse speed (it is way too high) and set invert mouse. Useless for me.
76561198007300718,Recommended,645630,34000525,Posted: 3 August,all,WsntMe,"This is a good game.  At release there were problems yes, but that is pretty standard these days no matter who the Dev is, or the game.The bugs are being fixed rapidly, and it becomes more enjoyable after every patch!I would like to thank the Dev's to swimming through the sea of whiners to patch things up so fast.  I can't wait to see further DLC, and maybe a more robust in game customer mini game for truly unique repair jobs!"
,Recommended,645630,33996606,Posted: 3 August,all,Ken-tari,"The art for the game is extremely misleading, there is no superchargers, or turbos, but only for select vehicles, along with that the game still doesnt have radiator hoses, or gaskets, but you'll be paying 60+ for dlc's that will be released in the upcoming months. still a good game, a bit buiggy but they're working on it!"
76561198106183707,Not Recommended,645630,34568513,Posted: 28 August,all,KEnundrum,"I found the game to be wat too clunky and slow, had trouble starting a new game then my mouse stopped working. Wouldnt waste my time or money."
76561197985176741,Not Recommended,645630,34905066,Posted: 12 September,all,Pesten,"GPU Devastator 2018First of all, I do like the idea behind the CMS series.If feels quite relaxing to check cars for broken parts, fix everything and make them run again.Unfortunately though, the game is not playable for me. After about 15-20 minutes my GPU shuts itself off because it is about to overheat. While playing a game that takes place in a garage. On low settings. On a system that can run the Division or Fallout 4 on high settings for hours.Seriously, there are pre-alphas out there that are better optimized than this game."
,Not Recommended,645630,34943755,Posted: 14 September,all,Terrible_whOre,"Only thing I can say about this game is that the devolpers should have made all content available in the begining.  I've tried countless times with multiple engines to add the superchargers available in the game store.  Niether of the superchargers will fit on the specified engines nor have I seen any info in the multiple updates that have come out for this game stating that this feature would be fixed or useable.  I mean seriously... why even have the content in the damn game if you have no intention of us ever being able to use it.  Hell I'd even buy DLC with this feature so long as I could ACTUALLY use the features provided.  So far, I give this game a thumbs down for that reason alone,  it's ridiculous that I even have to take the time to complain about this when I clearly see the items available... but the game developers blantantly ignore fixing or improving on this AND ignoring it further while releasing ""exciting"" and ""improving"" updates."
76561198095977697,Not Recommended,645630,33860165,Posted: 28 July,all,Carly,why is the game so laggy i have played all of them but this is stupidly laggy please sort it out
76561198048208984,Not Recommended,645630,34715993,Posted: 3 September,all,dylin_vary,This game do not work play it for 52 hr had erroers pop up and game dos not save right & you loes money aver time you came back it to the game and y loess cars & jobs that are on the lafed
,Recommended,645630,33949354,Posted: 1 August,all,Myio,"its more like real Car Mechanic Simulation compare to 2015, 2014. now proper wheel and tyre with balancing, unpainted car body parts, so on and so forth. Loving the game even lot of bugs, which can be solve over a month time. I rate as god review and developer please fix the bug asap"
,Recommended,645630,33968533,Posted: 2 August,all,Leon,Nice Game
76561198059838108,Recommended,645630,34044104,Posted: 5 August,all,danielnelson09,"Overall, it’s a great game and I can't say I have ran into many bugs except for one and it will randomly reset my pc. But if I’m in the menu or car show room its fine just when I’m playing the game. Does it at the track, barns, garage, etc. Not sure as to why its making my pc restart but it’s very irritating, also the optimization is horrible but they are releasing patches at a very fast rate. Better than any other developer I’ve seen."
,Recommended,645630,33969484,Posted: 2 August,all,™яоВү яιо™,I have all cms but this is the best!
,Recommended,645630,34044252,Posted: 5 August,all,_TheWildCat,"Hello. I have not played the game for too much yet, but I've been enjoying the crap out of it. I do not understand the shmee about it. The tutorial is a bit laggy and low on FPS, but after you get into the game it is smooth.The pie menu is kinda weird to use, but as you get used to it it is not that bad.Bugs, well, I haven't had any gamebreaking bugs. Only bug I had was the tacho bug, where the tachometer needle was going crazy, but after a quick exit to menu and enter again it was fixed.I highy reccomend this game, I am glad I bought it even tho of all the bad reviews. The devs are doing their absolute best, a lot of patches are coming out, bugs are getting fixed and new content is added."
76561198114097591,Recommended,645630,33969524,Posted: 2 August,all,Greasy Meatballs,Optimization needs to be done but its a great game
76561198272649828,Not Recommended,645630,34446457,Posted: 23 August,all,Fat Bastard,keeps crashing i havent gotten past the frist screen yet
76561198307991735,Not Recommended,645630,34447794,Posted: 23 August,all,tallows29,the game it junk it a wast of money it wont work at all
76561198256712823,Not Recommended,645630,35503405,Posted: 5 October,all,andrewtrandell,The game runs poorly And I had some troubles with black screen
,Not Recommended,645630,34939779,Posted: 13 September,all,Papa_Bless,"went into it with high expectations of the last game, only to find that it was a downgrade, the graphics are better, but the settings suck, the controls are wonk, buy 2015, not this"
,Not Recommended,645630,34986139,Posted: 15 September,all,Vayaka,"Compared to previous game, terrible interface, terrible optimization. Gameplay is very slow, dull and borring."
76561198364888024,Not Recommended,645630,35012298,Posted: 16 September,all,OPace2002,"low fps, game does not give good walk threw, just a waste of money at the time"
76561198367884021,Recommended,645630,33860274,Posted: 28 July,all,RadioactiveTRex,If you are expecting to get an updated version of CMS 2015 then you shouldnt buy this game. This CMS 2018 is quite a bit different from CMS 2015. The main bugs have already been delt with and are no longer a problem. Over all this is a decent game and I can't wait to see where it goes.
,Not Recommended,645630,34129489,Posted: 9 August,all,kristian,Had an enormous lag doing 4k. Ajusting V-Sync didn't fix the problem. Returned it for a refund.
76561198022922405,Not Recommended,645630,33874964,Posted: 29 July,all,Asimovian,"Not recommended at the moment. I meet the minimum specs i3 3.2GHz, 8GB RAM, GT 730 and the game is so horribly optimised that it's not playable. Frame rates in single digits on Low quality."
,Recommended,645630,34087094,Posted: 7 August,all,Snipe Gaming,"I think its a great game, should fix some bugs add more things to do, add some new DLC's example Opel DLC with the Opel Vectra 3.2 V6 (That car is a beast!)- Should make it so you can unlock achievments"
,Recommended,645630,34087392,Posted: 7 August,all,kitfoxie,People keep complaing of bugs bugs and more bugs but aside from a few anoyances this game isnt as bad as people make it out to be (and yes I'm a day 1 player) and the one that where there quicky got patched and patches keep comming on a reguler bases (much more then I have seen in other games I've allso played first day games waaaaay bugier then this).
76561198060143892,Not Recommended,645630,35108747,Posted: 21 September,all,ALITI,"Im sick of my Cars  ,car parts and now my Profile dissappearing all the time"
,Not Recommended,645630,34395765,Posted: 21 August,all,MGse.Munkry,"Oh hell no! Worthless controls, feels really bad."
,Not Recommended,645630,34527465,Posted: 27 August,all,Phantom - hellcase.com,this is the buggiest game ever i want a refund
,Not Recommended,645630,35025361,Posted: 17 September,all,Jim Lahey,"Buying this game has been worst trade deal in history of trade deals, maybe ever"
76561198135112030,Not Recommended,645630,33861767,Posted: 28 July,all,A Redneck Trucker,"The game is just awfull, bad graphics, annoying sound effects, and the gameplay is just horrible"
76561198063341664,Not Recommended,645630,35241163,Posted: 27 September,all,loonray,I loved these games till this one came out. I can't even finish the first car the game is that broken. parts disappear the game says i dont have the part when i have about 20 in my inventory. I then can't take anything off. i thought this game wasgetting worked on?
,Recommended,645630,33938855,Posted: 31 July,all,srobinson20,"If you want to fix cars, this game is for you. Yes theres bugs but it does not stop you from playing..  and besides,whats a game with out bugs ;)"
76561197969262931,Recommended,645630,34041827,Posted: 5 August,all,beginp,"Once again a great installement of CMS. Especially if you've never played this game before. Graphic are very nice. The inplay music is not as repetitive like the previous installment. You'll be able to learn a lot about cars playing this game.The only problem I see is that the challenge aspect of this game is missing, you can't really lose money or failed at mission. Also ther is no business aspect in this game.Finally the DLC are usually cheap and they were able to get deal with real car manifacturer for the name and design of cars.I highly recomened this game.."
76561198120670979,Recommended,645630,34104935,Posted: 8 August,all,sembiringdaniel,it's good game
,Recommended,645630,34040965,Posted: 5 August,all,Snakebite,"Pretty Awesome!Saw many mixed reviews here but I bought the game anyways and it runs fine, I figured a greater majority of the problems people were having probably was due to the fact people are probably using older machines or OS. I built my own gaming machine with awesome parts and not experiencing issues. I am running a Intel Core i7-7700 @4.2GHz OverClocked. with 32 GB RAM, Windows 10 and my mother board is a ASUS MAXIMUS IX HERO., soundblaster Z soundcard and a Radeon RX 480 Graphics Card. If you don't have an up to date machine you will probably experience some issues but it is that way with any newer game on an older machine.The game runs smooth for me I believe it crashed once due to other games updating and downloading in steam while i was playing, I shut that Steam feature off and it hasn't happened sense. The interface is 100 times better with in game play, there are many new different tools which make the game more realistic, intricate and challenging. I like the way you have the choice to reset your skills and reallocate your skill point where you like.My Opinion is this new version of Car Machanic Simulator 2018 is fantastic and I highly recommend it to anyone that enjoyed Car Machanic Simulator 2015.A few suggestion to the developers would be, update the ingame Radio so people can link it to ITunes and play their own music, I want to listen to my METALLICA. And with every good Machanic he needs to clean his garage, the nasty oil patches on the floor of my garage drives me nuts because i can't clean up, need to add Mop so people can clean their shop."
,Recommended,645630,33995886,Posted: 3 August,all,Hawkeye2506,"there may be some bugs and the game shouldn't of been released with the way it was but i enjoyed the game and atleast the dev's have acknowledged the state the games in and are working on it, don't see that very often with companies"
,Recommended,645630,33957289,Posted: 1 August,all,Wyadude Gaming,Everyone should stop hating this is a great game give the dev team a break its hard to design a game but plz pay more attention to mods in the future Great Game!!!
,Recommended,645630,34084431,Posted: 7 August,all,pcvideos6,too much lagging
,Not Recommended,645630,35030651,Posted: 17 September,all,☢NukeQuest☢,"I was stuck at the beginning. Tutorial told me nothing, except for the fact it told me that I was in the tutorial. I don't like the game, because it just plain didn't work, its too complicated, and a bit buggy. However, if this game can improve, I'd totally recommend it."
76561198106135188,Not Recommended,645630,34545088,Posted: 27 August,all,1kolbi10,The game wont work at all it sucks
76561198138809055,Recommended,645630,34010454,Posted: 4 August,all,Prof,BAD IF YOU DONT HAVE A GOOD ENOUGH PCMY GAME WAS SLOW AND IMWINDOWS 10GTX GRAPHICS CARD2 TEREBITES
76561198325542248,Recommended,645630,34325974,Posted: 18 August,all,happycord27,I stoled of a fender of my friends car
76561198409139359,Not Recommended,645630,34336429,Posted: 18 August,all,Tweeter82x,the game wont load and I cant do anything after pressing continue on the game this is the only game I have bought from steam and I am never buying another one again.
,Not Recommended,645630,34220805,Posted: 13 August,all,</Raiden>,Very laggylow Framescrashesbuggythere was an evolution from 2015 but theres a lot of work to do and the game should't been lauched till is 99% playable
76561198074934320,Recommended,645630,34087037,Posted: 7 August,all,TheNOISYCar1,ok
76561198409391534,Not Recommended,645630,35032798,Posted: 17 September,all,natasha.landwehr,it looks fun seen videos downloaded the game then it wont let me play
76561198155014123,Not Recommended,645630,35258672,Posted: 28 September,all,Commader Ross,iv played this game for about 15 mins before i returned it i will buy it again once it has steam workshop and a disable motion blur setting it is truly the worst iv ever seen in a game
76561198212748739,Not Recommended,645630,35237204,Posted: 27 September,all,iwillforgetmyemail,buggy AF
76561198409397404,Not Recommended,645630,34092863,Posted: 7 August,all,amdahl90,How do I use the car lifter? I click on it and nothing happens.
76561198297947995,Not Recommended,645630,34083088,Posted: 7 August,all,oswaldoj.306,Dont spend your money its a trash game stay away from it its not worth it graphics and colors horrible
76561198414211578,Not Recommended,645630,34538031,Posted: 27 August,all,dchleed,this game is whae to much money
76561198248682112,Not Recommended,645630,34540121,Posted: 27 August,all,Captain Grizzy,nice it even loaded !!
,Recommended,645630,34720215,Posted: 3 September,all,ray,add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods add mods
76561198170276618,Not Recommended,645630,33874996,Posted: 29 July,all,Potus45 | FuckScammers.kys,Trash
76561198319704319,Not Recommended,645630,34118030,Posted: 8 August,all,Foxbody347,"I bought this game expecting it to be just like the last one. I thought oh man my buddys and i will have fun, work on new actual. Its been a somewhat disapointment. That being said i hope the glitche and bugs will get ironed out. i have finally got it to somewhat run half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and still manage to have fun......i just wish they wouldve made it as great as it sounded and as great as 15 was :/ they truly butchered a good thing.Update: new update caused game not to work. will update as time goes on or problem get fixed >:\"
76561198122227040,Recommended,645630,34031170,Posted: 4 August,all,phaNATix,gr8 i r8 8/8
76561198119927459,Recommended,645630,34001605,Posted: 3 August,all,jacobinz,Of all simulator games this game is GOTY simulator game.
,Not Recommended,645630,35053241,Posted: 18 September,all,Evinrude55,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off
76561198302718366,Recommended,645630,33996853,Posted: 3 August,all,Fuzzy_cats,best game i have played
76561198385146255,Not Recommended,645630,35500033,Posted: 5 October,all,LTU18,do not go finish tutorial
,Not Recommended,645630,35464690,Posted: 3 October,all,essentrick,"I was enjoying this game alot, i got to level 34 and still wanted toplay and find cars to restore them but.........I loaded the game up today to try to play and boom, corrupted file for now reason at all. I didnt quit the game whilst it was saving, just exited it like i've always done. not a happy customer at the moment. *thumbs down*"
76561198048401593,Recommended,645630,33864137,Posted: 28 July,all,renegade,"all these people complaining about optimization , because they all have nvidia . everyone knows who the better gpu is. my old r9 280x is running at 40fps, not glitchy at all lvl 5 now , i have had 1 glitch were i was clicking fast out of  the menue and the screen went black , its the first day for release and i have had 1 problem in about 3 hours ....if you want to be optimized have an AMD > Nivida ... always."
,Not Recommended,645630,34809611,Posted: 8 September,all,Thurstspade,very dumb
76561198141112287,Not Recommended,645630,35000157,Posted: 16 September,all,Smartrucker12,crap
76561197982581894,Not Recommended,645630,35311510,Posted: 29 September,all,r.tos,This is build for console and you can feel it straitgh away. The menus are terrible and the mouse has a very high input lag and stutter even with Vsync off. This lack of polish usually promise a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game so I'll pass on this one and will go play My Summer Car.
,Not Recommended,645630,35231636,Posted: 26 September,all,Table Salt,"AFTER 13 F!#@KING HOURS MY SAVEFILE CORRUPTED LEVEL 16 AND OVER 100,000 EARNED IT F!@KING CORRUPTED!!"
76561198152945569,Not Recommended,645630,34898260,Posted: 12 September,all,wack.as.niger,"repetitive, too hard for me and keeps crashing yet wont refund because i had 6 hours"
,Recommended,645630,33858285,Posted: 28 July,all,AlexNOR,good game
76561198151076185,Not Recommended,645630,34541622,Posted: 27 August,all,Dale200101,From the Youtube videos I have watched I know this is a good game but its just too laggy to play right now and yet I have a reliatvly powerful CPU being the latest intel i3 so I'd wait to get this game and avoid it for the time being.
76561198272715394,Not Recommended,645630,34849962,Posted: 9 September,all,XxDARKGALAXYxX,there is stupid♥♥♥♥♥music in the background yes i know u can turn off but my god its loud and anoyying u fell u cant do much  either dont buy it
76561198299160242,Not Recommended,645630,35135945,Posted: 22 September,all,caseykriegh62,I spent hours trying to adjust the settings on the game so that I could play it somewhat smoothly and it would not run smmothly and now steam is refusing to refund me the money since i don't want the game now.
76561198418339862,Not Recommended,645630,34914790,Posted: 13 September,all,sandragarcia92393,I've never got passed the start screen....just waiting for the mac version since I can't get a refund.
,Not Recommended,645630,35454620,Posted: 3 October,all,DynastySheep ریا,I needed to watch a youtube tutorial to complete the tutorial. 10/10 would tutorial again.
76561198318643491,Not Recommended,645630,33930065,Posted: 31 July,all,noaker.r,Game is so lagy that i couldnt even hit the new game button. bought the DLCs and everything. Thanks for ripping me off my allouance money PlayWay.
,Not Recommended,645630,35053636,Posted: 18 September,all,Spooky_GibbyFromiCarly,way to boring and you cant even rave other players in your cars
76561198016282124,Not Recommended,645630,35187242,Posted: 24 September,all,SyGk0 LEGENDA,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, a lots of errors don´t buy it´s really poor."
76561198149601060,Not Recommended,645630,35496573,Posted: 5 October,all,harri,"worst launch, worst game ever on its category, bugged gameplay, the whole development team seems to be total amateurs,  never seen so badly made game. i have absolutely nothing positive to say."
,Recommended,645630,33858048,Posted: 28 July,all,ChaserEraser,Late Pushed back 2 weeks and i have a bug i reported it so hopefully it is fix within this week!
,Recommended,645630,33858054,Posted: 28 July,all,Gunnest663,Pretty cool so far
,Recommended,645630,33864172,Posted: 28 July,all,The Nameless King,"Ignore all the utter garbage reviews on steam, these are just little kids that cannot get their own way.The game is absolutly fantastic, some slight drawbacks, including the frame rate issues. But i understand that will be fixed. Other then that 10/10"
76561198340846699,Not Recommended,645630,34181899,Posted: 11 August,all,ryan8186,"WOW, WHAT A POS. DO NOT BUY!!!!! IT IS SSSSOOOOO GLITCHY. FOR $26.00 NO WAY. I WISH THEY WOULD TAKE THIS POS GAME BACK AND GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK. STEAM SUCKS!!!! EVERY GAME THEY PUT ON IS ♥♥♥♥ED THEY JUST WANT THERE MONEY THEY DON'T CARE THAT EVERYONE IS ON HERE PUTTING OUT♥♥♥♥♥♥GAMES. THANKS AGAIN."
,Not Recommended,645630,34579048,Posted: 29 August,all,YB Big Boss,game erased my save files and i want refund.
76561198121235471,Not Recommended,645630,35428936,Posted: 2 October,all,justsouper,i  can not play the game at all
,Recommended,645630,33863783,Posted: 28 July,all,maffo95,"so after almost 2 hours of playing, i must say that i really like it!only real problem i found is that the dutch language doesn't work.I played 2 hours now and the begin was a bit strange didn't got a good tutorial of the buttons so needed to find them out by my self after that i played with fun :DHad no frame drops with ultra settings and the only slight issue is that the mouse sensivity is a bit to fast."
76561198014399972,Recommended,645630,33863792,Posted: 28 July,all,Lowridingorilla,"Great Game so far, played through a few story missions as well as random repairs. I enjoy all the new features and tools as well as the modified progression system. Have heard of people having bugs and crashes, must be system related because I have yet to have an issue."
76561198026450258,Recommended,645630,33863732,Posted: 28 July,all,Yoake No tenshi,"I usually don't take the time to write reviews but honestly, this game does not deserve all the hate it's getting. The developers put a lot of effort into it and there is a lot of content.I didn't have any of the bugs mentionned in other reviews although I only played for an hour.Sure, if you want to play at 100 fps on a mid-range machine then you will have to wait for a hypothetical performance patch... Look at youtube videos and make up your mind.I was amused by all the drama around the released date but now I feel sad that hard working developers get that amount of negativeness..."
76561198307204345,Recommended,645630,33863353,Posted: 28 July,all,blondiesmotors,great game still needs a little work but very happy keep up the good work
,Recommended,645630,33862507,Posted: 28 July,all,Gamermarcel,"I am having no problems at all, no blackscreens and no crashes yet. i played through the tutorial and completed it. now i am on my first real order and everything is going well so far, except that its a bit unoptimised, I have a GTX 760 and a i7-4790 and can play this game just fine on low settings with 60+fps."
76561197971324603,Recommended,645630,33862899,Posted: 28 July,all,Pestilence,"Experienced none of the issues I read in many of the other reviews.  However, I did not check my FPS because I don't care in this type of game.  Only issues I have with the game so far is that the music stops periodically and I have to go mess with the radio to get it back on and some minor UI stuff : letting me click and hold to dissasemble before being in the dissasemble mode therby wasting my time.  Other than those two minor things, haven't really had issues."
76561197988642196,Recommended,645630,33861053,Posted: 28 July,all,Richard Siegers,Very nice game but with a few problems at start but mostly fixed nowthere are many more tools and things to do in this game compaired with CM2015
76561198302161484,Recommended,645630,33861198,Posted: 28 July,all,AoE x BRay,i think it great so far does have some goiches but that tends to happen to every game that come out will. i cant wait to see how it gets improved
76561198309452755,Recommended,645630,33861083,Posted: 28 July,all,azaboii89,Love every thing about the game improved massively just a bit laggy at the moment but I'll waitNot bad for day of release a++++
76561198200063338,Not Recommended,645630,33860047,Posted: 28 July,all,NomadicGC,Game needs to be patched badly. Keep getting black screen when escaping and is extremely annoying. Mouse sometimes just stops working.Wouldn't recommend in current state.
,Not Recommended,645630,33859415,Posted: 28 July,all,Velvet_Thunder,Currenntly the game seems like an Early Access game and is very unoptimised atm
76561197985537896,Not Recommended,645630,33859299,Posted: 28 July,all,GameOver,UNPLAYABLE! This is a full released game not in a alpha or beta mode!You have no mouse in the menu. You have not an intro or a functional tutorial.This game is full of bugs.It runs horrible. Very blurry!You cant argue that it is a new released game! It is impossible to play this game and an effrontery to offer it as a game without a alpha or beta status.
76561198089931558,Not Recommended,645630,33859306,Posted: 28 July,all,Skinki112,just not good
76561198049461930,Not Recommended,645630,33859446,Posted: 28 July,all,Pirki,I bought this game because I enjoyed Car Mechanic Simulator 2015. As it is now I can't recommend this game to anyone.I do not know if maybe I overlooked something but the only things I could do is run around the garage and the empty parking lot (every other location is grayed out). I got a tutorial message everytime I got close to a new machine in the garage. But when I actually try to use said machine (this includes the part repair table) I only got the message that I lack the tools to use this machine.There are two cars already in the garage but I guess those are my own cars. It is possible to remove the parts of those cars but you have to be carefull because trying to remove some parts causes the game to freeze and you have to restart.The worst thing is that there are no jobs. If you select the phone where you normally get the jobs you only get a message stating that there are no jobs available.The next negative thing is the optimization of the game. I have a GTX 970 and I have to reduce the graphic settings. There is hardly any game I have to do this for and none of those limit me to only a small garage with a few cars.I will try to get a refund now and I would suggest everybody to at least wait a while until they manage to remove the bugs.
76561198010238596,Recommended,645630,33859886,Posted: 28 July,all,ernstlu,My screen turns black. I tried different settings for the graphics. But still get a black screen when trying to take parts from the car. This is a game that should have been tested longer before release. The game itself looks great. And im sure there will bee a patch before i know it
,Recommended,645630,33860388,Posted: 28 July,all,The Landfill,"I have a GTX 970, 8GB RAM and an i7 4790k and my game runs perfect on ultra.From what i've played so far, the game is fun, however the disassemble/reassemble process is clunky, awkward, and slow in comparison with the system from cms 2015. Other than that, it's worth playing"
,Recommended,645630,33862031,Posted: 28 July,all,Y i So Noob!!!,thumbs up. the only issues i have is not getting achievements.
,Recommended,645630,33858666,Posted: 28 July,all,goose[x5],"kinda disappointed in this game on how unoptimize it is, still has alot of bugs.dont think i'll be playing until they come out with a few more patches.UPDATE:Finally patched most of the bugs, feel like this is CMS15 all over again and im in love!."
76561198006723309,Recommended,645630,33863116,Posted: 28 July,all,NessyXXX,I just changed my review.  The game is great after playing it for several hours.  The game does require a pretty good gaming pc.  I made the mistake of writing a negative review after playing it for a maybe an hour but upon further review I am pleased.  Do not expext to go to auctions and barns right away.  You have to play several hours and level up to get access.  The developers are doing a excllent job responding and fixing things.  They do need some help with PR and how they talk to people but that is mood point as long as they continue to polish the game.    I think they already have updated the game twice in less than 24 hours.  The roll out and delay was not well handled but worth the wait.  Enjoy fellow gear heads.
76561198391920863,Recommended,645630,33864673,Posted: 28 July,all,#21 ✧Memerrific,"Changed my review becasue they are fixing things fast, great game."
,Recommended,645630,33864705,Posted: 28 July,all,adamisapple,"EDIT: After 5 patches the game is much more stable, you can properly remove and install parts, and the game doesnt get corrupted after restarting. Overall much better, but the graphics settings are annoying, every time you start the game you have to reapply the settings you choose, the game will reset to High graphics every time you open the game."
76561198070769890,Not Recommended,645630,33865348,Posted: 28 July,all,kernow bys vyken,So at first i loved this game unto update 1.0.7 and then i couldn’t visit junkyard or barn finds also couldn’t move cars from parking to garage. i messaged play way and they said they will sort it asap. after 3 more messages and being on update 1.1.5 the issue remains and play way seem uninterested and have ignored my 3 other messages. i understand there’s 1000+ issues but every time they fix 1 10 more start. id advice for people to save there money as play way seem to be hiding away from newer problems at this moment in time. maybe and hopefully in the long run it might be a good game but right now its a dog!
76561198008143552,Recommended,645630,33868572,Posted: 28 July,all,TekNiKul,"Now you can think of buying it.I do give the devs credit for working around the clock and pushing out as many patches as they have since launchOriginal Review:I cannot believe they released this game in this state without having the decency to at least label it ""early access""Game is pretty much incomplete, there are parts missing from the store, animations on machines seem half done, there are visual bugs such as lug nuts going into the rim backwards, and the new radial menu completely ruined the fluidity that made the last game so much fun. There are barely any settings to change, no mouse sensitivity or key bindings, and not a lot of explanation on how to get started.Also, the ""DLC"" they put out on release day should have been included in the base game..Personally im enjoying myself regardless of these issues but I would have preferred purchasing it once it was actually a completed title.I'm hoping the devs fix this mess, if/when that happens i'll recommend it."
76561198007191498,Recommended,645630,33868536,Posted: 28 July,all,GnJudson,"At first release, the game was so buggy that it was unplayable, but they have been working hard putting out updates daily.  If you run into a bug, post it on the forums and they will read it and work on it.  I can't wait to see what they focus on to improve the game once they are done solving the problems."
,Recommended,645630,33859467,Posted: 28 July,all,Blingtron,"After a terrible release, the devs have made great progress so far in fixing the numerous bugs. They have communicated very well, in my opinion, and have earned my trust. While there are still a couple issues with the game, they are all on the list to be fixed. And since most of the game breaking stuff has been fixed, I can change my review to positive. I actually love this game and I look forward to it becoming even better as more changes are implemented."
76561198067399267,Recommended,645630,33866205,Posted: 28 July,all,Superlame08,The quick response with patch updates have really hepled make the game playable. So far I've found no issues and am really enjoing it.
76561198028544287,Recommended,645630,33863263,Posted: 28 July,all,Calibur,"So I dont normaly write reviews but with the influx of negative, figured id say my 2 cents on it.Current RigAmd fx8350Nvidia 980Ti24gb ram*previous review redacted*Gonna rewrite this review and say the game has come a long way. It is much much much more stable than launch day. Still a few bugs here and there but PlayWay has been almost non stop updating the game, even dropping two updates a day and they're real updates that actualy fix what they say. Now sometimes it breaks other stuff a little but they're ironing it out as fast as they can. It has in my opinion been turned into a beautiful game and when you figure how the editor works, the cars litterally become yours to play with. You change the motor, dont like how its positioned of off, fix it yourself to your liking.Playway, you have my positive reveiw. Keep it up!"
,Recommended,645630,33866901,Posted: 28 July,all,neema_t,"Edit (7/9/17): I think the game is in a good enough state now to be safely recommendable, on the whole. I haven't seen a game-stopping bug for a while and although it's still a bit rough, it's nowhere near as bad as it was two weeks ago - right now the biggest bug I can think of that hasn't been fixed is that I can't fit leather seats in the back of my Civic coupe lookalike (it only accepts the original part), so that's a pretty big improvement on not being able to fix 'story' cars. Updates are still being published regularly and I think, in a few weeks' time, it'll be pretty nicely polished.All in all I'm glad I stuck with it and I hope the devs can come back from the early negativity... But I also hope the publisher has learned their lesson with hyping then pushing games out before they're ready!Edit (1/9/17): To their credit, the devs are working hard on pushing out updates, I think I've had two today alone. A lot of stuff has been fixed but I've gotten to a story job that is impossible to complete because the engine is ""invisible"" and can't be interacted with, a number of the parts (like the idler rollers) are called something else so they don't exist in the store and so on. When this kind of thing is fixed I'll be happy to re-write the review.Original review (launch day): I know it's a bit early to review but I think there's at least a few things to say.It's been very well covered already, but the game is poorly optimised. I'm running it at 1440p with a GTX 1080 and with apparently little or no anti-aliasing, it sits between 40 and 50 fps most of the time, I've got V-sync off and it never even begins to approach 144fps. Not that that's a huge issue, a lot of games don't, but it'd be nice if it either averaged 60fps or looked prettier. Doing neither is just inexcusable for a game like this where the graphics aren't incredible and there are basically no CPU-heavy simulations going on. I'm sure this can and will be fixed, however, but I'm reviewing the game as it is now, not what it could be.There are tons of bugs. These are just what I can remember:- Non-english text in some dialog boxes (one of which I've screenshotted)- Nonsense text in some dialog boxes (also screenshotted)- Random car components clipping through the floor whilst being nowhere near the car (screenshotted)- Car faults changing between the job list and having the car in the workshop - One story job I had mentioned hitting speed bumps too fast, but after accepting the job it was the first story job again. Who buys their son an Audi A6 Avant for their first car, anyway? Also on finishing that job the first time, the game crashed.- Crashes and locked controls all over the place - I put an engine block in the engine stand and tried removing the floating oil cap, the game stopped responding. I can't remember any others but I've been in and out of the game about five times tonight.- Weird inconsistencies between what the repair table, inventory and wheel balancer say you've got - The repair table said I had one wheel at 80%, inventory said I had four wheels below 20%, wheel balancer said I had five wheels at 100%? I somehow ended up with like seven wheels for that job...But on the plus side, when it works well enough to be playable it's basically more CMS 15 with a few tweaks to make it more interesting, namely the tools, larger car list, new locations with things to do, better test circuit, better driving (although it's still pretty poor, I'd say it's just above the driving bits in Payday 2...) and so on. The devs have also fixed a few bugs today alone; when I first played just after launch the main menu didn't support mouse input but now it does, I can sell wheels, unlike earlier...As it stands, I wouldn't recommend this to people with only a casual interest which is why I'm marking this as not recommended for now. I'm sure it'll be a great game in a few weeks; or months' time, but right now it just isn't finished. I really, really want to recommend it though because I am personally enjoying what I've been able to play so far."
,Recommended,645630,33860169,Posted: 28 July,all,John0648,"REVIEW UPDATE (8-7-17)After a messy launch (the game was a mess) the devs have been releasing updates almost daily to fix it. as the game stands right now its a 8.5/10its good and you should get it if you liked the older CMS.the controlls are a little different and you will have to learn how things have changed but they are simple changes like the oil catch pan is automaticly lined up with the drain plug.the game still needs a little work but is MUCH better than at launch. they do have a few things to work on like telling people the junkyard, car salon, auction house... all unlock after you reach a required level.the only major downside is the 2 DAY ONE DLCs that cost $5 EACH and only give you 2 cars per DLC."
76561198189644314,Recommended,645630,33867616,Posted: 28 July,all,An4rchy,pluses:- very frequent patches (but still this prooves game is bugged)- core of the game looks ok and really gives fun- IMO physics is much better than in cms2015- more car parts / some smaller car elements are now connected into one 'part'minuses:- still many advertised content is disabled (after 7 patches and already delayed release)
,Not Recommended,645630,33858292,Posted: 28 July,all,LivingHuman,"EDIT-----------------Now the devs are banning people on the fourm for asking legitimate questions regarding content that was promised in the base game but still does not exist and seems to have no timeframe of when itwill be in game.Original-----------------Game is so unoptimized it hurts. There's no way that two languages caused the delay, it had to have been due to the severe optimization issues 1/10."
,Recommended,645630,33864393,Posted: 28 July,all,Zolee,"I bought the game on the release day, and with the other people, I was disappointed with the number of bugs. It was almost unplayable. The gameplay was like in the previous episode (CMS 2015, and it's a good thing :) ), the graphics was excellent ( I didn't have any glitch with GTX1060 on ultra).On the release day the devs and the publisher got some bad review, which were rightful, but they promised to fix everything ASAP.And man... they keep their word. The game still isn't perfect, but it is visible, that the developers aren't slept too much in the last 1-1,5 weeks. They release a patch for the game every day (sometimes twice a day), even on weekends. It is getting better and better day by day, so guys, keep it up :).In total the game is fantastic, and I withdrew my previous review about the game."
76561198139789953,Recommended,645630,33860306,Posted: 28 July,all,IOMQMaxGamer,last review a bit too harsh but yea it was my computer it cant run it but yea if it worked for me i loved it
,Recommended,645630,33865507,Posted: 28 July,all,'O҉wL' r1😈t,"CMS 2018 V1.1.3Game is now playable and all gamebreaking bugs are fixed - at least for me.Performance isnt good but playable (i recommend a gtx 980 for 1080p and high setting)CMS 2018 V1.0.1Wait a while before buying it.Gameplay: Currently there are a lot of tooltips missing, the performance isnt good and some features arent implemented or not explained eg junkyard. The coregame is exactly the same like in cms 2015 which didnt mean its bad.I didnt like the new left-mouse-button control. I liked the old one much more but maybe i only need some training.Performance: With an average pc (quad core and 980) you can play it with 20fps or so on highest settings in 1440p.Wait a week and see if they will patch soon.And @RedDot: GIVE CMS2015 ACHIEVEMENTS AS PROMISED"
,Recommended,645630,33867308,Posted: 28 July,all,Impala67,So I bought this game becasue I'm a sucker for simulaters. But this one has major problems. I got a headache instantly when i tried to move the camera around. There were no instructions on what i was supposed to be doing or even in what order. It has really good potential I just wish they had worked out the kinks before releasing.UPDATE: So a few days have passed and many a update released. And honestly the game has improved so much! There are still a few bugs around but everything else seems to be in working condition! I am very pleased with how it is running now.
76561198002659070,Recommended,645630,33859362,Posted: 28 July,all,Antecca,"Its keep crashing and run as sh..t overall. Its not optimized at all ..0I must say the devs are real special, so many patches and the game has become so much better in these few days.So now I can really recommend this game if you like game like this, 8/10 now and in a few weeks it will be a 10/10 game, no doubts."
76561198057833188,Recommended,645630,33868970,Posted: 28 July,all,Nick Chronic,"Its a good game , even with all the bugs"
,Recommended,645630,33861343,Posted: 28 July,all,"Come in, number 51","So, I deleted my original review long ago. The game was absolutely disgusting in terms of stability, bugs and optimisation. Those times have, more a less, passed and now I can write a review.First of all, about the state of the game. It's playable now and I can't say anything bad about developers - 10 patches in 7 days. They've done a great job. For me it is good too, as I actively reported bugs and provided a lot of feedback to devs. What's next? The game is still full of glitches and it will take at least a week or two to get rid of them. I'm personally okay with that. Also RedDot and Playway announced that as soon as they will free the game from bugs and poor optimisation, they will start adding features, that were either disabled on start or weren't ready for implementation. All perfomance features will be free, btw.Now, for the game. For me this game is a better CMS 15. It's more serious, it looks better, it feels more like mechanic simulator. A lot of features were added and, as I've said in previous passage, many are yet to come. More than that, we got 40 cars by default (+2 extra variants of cars) + 4 cars from 2 DLCs. I'm not gonna enumerate all features - just go to the youtube and watch some videos or check oficial list of features. I will just say that for me it's enough content, so I'm happy with CMS 18. This game isn't ideal and it never will be.Overall, I would recommend to wait 1 or 2 weeks more and only then buy it. That way you will get a balanced, stable and optimized game, that has some small glitches here and there, but nothing disturbing."
,Not Recommended,645630,33859080,Posted: 28 July,all,Voelkar,Deleting content from the game only to release them as DLC again? WHAT. THE. ♥♥♥♥?!
76561198037828522,Not Recommended,645630,33869543,Posted: 28 July,all,C. Black,"New review:Finally playable and most gamebreaking bugs are now fixedNice relaxing game with lovely muscle cars, just can't wait for more licensed cars and tuning, I want to supercharge all my muscle cars.But without engine and visual tuning, race track and other features that were supposed to be in the game, but aren't, it gets boring and starts to feel like a chore as its all the same, once you do one type of car, you won't do that car again coz why would you do exactly the same again?what are the supercharger parts for if I can't use them on any car???With features and gameplay the CMS2015 is a lot better with alot more options to customize a car than this ""newer"" game.I hate these ""Sims"" style dev strategies where you get an empty base game with less features than the last game and everything else is DLCI will get back to this game once if fully fixed and has more featuresOld review:Expected this game with hype as I am a big fan of CMS2015, but got a nasty kick in my backsideNot talking about the release delay, but 7 days delay and they still release a broken game full of bugs and bad optimization?Sorry, cannot recommend a game that is hardly playable and/or enjoyable due to too many bugs, stuttering, bad controls, crap mouse control, bad fps even on good machines.It feels like a beta test version at bestMany gamebreaking bugs and even loss of game saves by random I guess? just lost a lvl19 save after 22 hours.Gameplay, controls and UI was much much better in the previews gameWill change my review if this gets fixed, right now its best to stay away from this game, its almost unplayable unless you don't mind restarting the game lot of times during playtime"
,Recommended,645630,33863257,Posted: 28 July,all,vanojan,"Before I get on with it, I want to address the issues at launch. I bought the game day one and it was literally unplayable. I immediately ran into a multitude of massive bugs and glitches, random crashes and freezes, save file corruptions and absolutely horrible optimization. On top of this there were inane design choices like menus with no pointers, a confusing tutorial with literally no direction and mouse acceleration being permanently on. The developers have apologized and have been working night/day to release updates to fix these issues. While I believe it is absolutely inexcusable to charge money for a game in such a broken state - especially after numerous delays - I am nevertheless thankful that they're trying their best to make it right.At the time of writing this, the game has been out for about a week and the biggest game-breaking problems have been addressed. It is playable now, there are still a TON of issues that need to be addressed. There's a long way to go before I can consider it the remarkable follow-up to CMS 2015 that we all expected but it earns my recommendation nontheless.Onto the review....--------------------------------I put in close to 70 hours in CMS 2015. So far I'm 20+ hours into this one and still can't get enough. Everything I loved about the previous game is here and there are so many new and awesome features to dig into.We got a brand new graphics engine here. Optimization aside, it does look great. The garage is insanely detailed and the cars and parts look fantastic. Also, thank goodness for the fast loading times. That's a massive improvement over CMS 2015.From a technical perspective, the most notable features are the engine crane, interior customization, proper suspension mechanics (compressing springs onto shock absorbers prior to installation) and the separation of wheels/tires with proper tools to remove, install and balance them. I love that there's different widths, aspect ratios and offsets too. Spot-on realism!The entire garage has been revamped in this one too. Now you start off with a tiny space and limited tools/storage and gradually expand it, adding more tools, lifters and space in general. A big change this time around is that instead of purchasing things (i.e. paint shop, dyno, path test), you now have to unlock them with experience points. For better or worse, experience is gathered very slowly. I'm selectively choosing to accept jobs with ""experience bonus"" but even with that, I expect it will take 40+ gameplay hours to fully unlock all of the features in this game.For people like me who really enjoyed buying old, rustbuckets and restoring them to mint condition in CMS 2015, the new Barnyard feature is amazing. Now you can scour peoples yards and buy abandoned cars/parts from them for yourself. That's really nice! The old auction house is here too as well.The UI has been changed as well and I'm not sure I like these changes. They've introduced a clunky, console-centric ""scroll-wheel"" which makes gameplay really awkward. I hope they'll reintroduce the hotkey system we had in CMS 2015. It was much more keyboard/mouse friendly.PROS:- New graphics engine and greatly enhanced visuals- Vastly improved loading times over predecessor- Many new features and tools for better, more realistic gameplay- Interior customization!- Dynamic garage with upgrades and customization- Barnyard system- Dedicated developers that are working hard to improve the gameCONS:- Trainwreck of a launch with massive bugs/glitches- Annoying, console-centric UI- Everything is unlocked with experience points which takes extremely long to accrueI can't wait to see what new features will be added in the future. I can definitely see myself playing this one for years to come."
76561197968493680,Recommended,645630,33893108,Posted: 29 July,all,langhaarigerbombenleger,Got released way too early and users hunt all the bugs in the moment because the developer was literally not testing that game before release. (and with bugs i mean a ton of them) Developer patches on a daily basis now but these patches create new bugs. It is a bloody mess.Would not buy in the moment.Also missing features that got advertised before Release.Edit: 18.08.2017It is playable now i think
,Recommended,645630,33858685,Posted: 28 July,all,BigOl'Cauwert,"I installed the game, opened it up and watched the trailer. That's all I could do.When the menu appears, my cursor disappears & I can't do anything but press enter tot start a new game.When I do so, a box appears where you have to type something. Probably yourname, I dunno. But I can't. I can't type anything & I can't do anything. So basically, you pay 20 bucks for a trailer.Edit: 1day and 2 updates later, I can play the game now.For now, I'll keep my thumbs down because of some various reasons, like I've changed the language to Dutch, click apply, but it remains in English.The graphics look quite good, but the game is super laggy on every setting. It also needs some more smoothing.The controls aren't adjustable, but I live in one of the few countries that uses AZERTY. So it's very difficult to walk around in the right direction or focus on the car parts.It's getting there, slowly, but it's not a finished game yet.As soon as it is what it's meant to be, I'm giving them the thumbs up they deserve.Edit 2: A few updates later. They removed the 'Dutch' language option. Good enough I guess? Didn't work anyway.The game is getting less laggy, graphics are a bit smoother now.They've added an AZERTY option.I think it's time to give them a thumbs up now, they're really working hard to listen to their customers wishes and improve the game.Slowly getting there!"
76561198202739068,Recommended,645630,33982899,Posted: 2 August,all,kpetry125,"NOT A FINISHED GAME NOT A FINISHED GAME NOT A FINISHED I REPEAT NOT FINISHEDI SPENT 41 GLITCHY BUGGY CRASHING HOURS TO TRY TO UNLOCK THE AUCTION Houses I REACH LEVEL  19 TO FIND OUT THERE IS A GLITCH OR BUG STOPPING ME FROM GOING TO THE JUNKYARD , BARNS ,AND AUCTION Houses I HAD AN OPEN MIND TOWARDS THIS GAME I EXPECTED IT ALL BUT DID NOT EXPECT THE ATTITUDE OF THE GAME DEVS TO BE SO IGNORANT AND NOT FOCUSING ON FINISHING WHAT SEEMS LIKE A STAGE 0 BETA GAME THAT IS NOT WHAT I PAID FOR AS WELL DLCS WERE SUBPAR I PROBABLY WON’T GET THEM THERE OVERPRICED FOR THE AMOUNT OF CARS YOU GET. On the cms 18 forum the future patch says nothing about this location bug or glitch or whatever it is patch instead it is for a useless feature in my mind the RADIO THE RADIO NOT FOR CARS OR LOCATIONS THE RADIOI did not want to have to be so negative I’ve owned the whole car mechanic sim series ever since I heard about it on YouTube's slaptrain gaming channel it was my dream game to get to work on cars without physically working on them so I’m very disappointed with the end result I think with a lot of time it will be but as of right now do not buy under any circumstances2 days since the whole mess a glitched out car mission that i did not finish caused the locations to crash i later finished the mission as a last resort and it fixed everything. I wished the devs would have said something like this would happen instead to just let everyone fend for themselves  currently i still don't recomend buying but maybe in a week or 2 that might change.update 2 weeks latergame has been playing beautiful at 20 fps on a 2nd gen pentium laptop i have been modding some of the cars and making my special rides i 110% recommend this game"
76561198014132932,Recommended,645630,33908021,Posted: 30 July,all,yoyo,Fun GameAnd No Problems for me.
76561197971586797,Recommended,645630,33882390,Posted: 29 July,all,cpo3cpo,The game has so much potential to be better then Car Simulator 2015 but to release it with so many bugs is ridiculous! I unlocked Test path and you get in the car and can do nothing. Hopefully more patches will be released soon and the game play will improve as it's very frustrating to play right now.Well after a lot of patches the game is starting to reach the potential of being a really fun game. There are still a few small bugs but it seams like they are being fixed. The game play is much more enjoyable now! I originally gave this a thumbs down from my review above but it's time to change that to a thumbs up!
76561198116008566,Recommended,645630,33868800,Posted: 28 July,all,Nerova,"(EDIT)THEY'VE DONE IT! MOUSE ACCELERATION IS GONE!Overall, the updates since launch have improved the game a lot. UI is still console trash, but the major bugs are gone and mouse acceleration can be turned off in the game settings. While the game may never completely recover from a botched launch, the updates have made it a hell of a lot more playable and fun.Pros:-Mouse Acceleration is gone-In depth auto mechanics, without real world hassle-Decent amount of cars-Decent progression system-Realistic jobs (ie ""help engine make the bad noise"")-Can't accidentally drop the carb cover bolt into the engine bay when youre stuck on the side of a Texas highway in JulyCons:-Annoying UI, devs removed a lot of the hotkeys from Car Simulator 2015-Game doesn't explain some of the important aspects of the game (taking apart shocks)-Still can't access settings in-game-Barn cars are INSANELY overpriced, I can find most of the real cars in (somewhat) better condition for half the price, even less if they dont run-Compression tester ($30 irl) requires level 13 or so to unlock (not much of a con, just stupid)7.5/10(OLD REVIEW)Built for consoles and ported to PC without any changes. Horrible console centric UI, lacks settings, can't even access settings while playing, mouse acceleration, and fuzzy textures typical of console games.Until (if) they fix the game, I cannot recommend it AT ALL."
76561198372761414,Recommended,645630,34381789,Posted: 20 August,all,thefastandthefurious6669,I love the game and i love the mechanics. i hope they come out with the performance dlc like in the last one because i only baught this over the last one for it assuming it would be their from the start but wasnt. but besides that i have loved this game and hope it only gets better with time
,Recommended,645630,34377136,Posted: 20 August,all,Sammythemonkey,"I have been a big fan of this series, and was very excited for the next addition. Granted, it shouldn't have been released as it was, and not quite sure why it was, but since then they have been making vast improvements. I am very much enjoying the game and looking forward to future updates. It is a little disappointing that on day one they would have paid DLC, as it feels as though it should be included in the game, but I suppose that is the state of the game industy now. Anyway, I've enjoyed playing it so far, and if you are a fan of the series, would reccomend giving it a go, and not to be concerned by the negative reviews as it is a completely different game to release."
76561198355774135,Recommended,645630,34094051,Posted: 7 August,all,johnkershaw2016,upto now ive enjoyed game play graphics are great and car choice is rather big for a new game looking foward to more updateds and dlc's
76561198414143346,Recommended,645630,34385300,Posted: 20 August,all,cabbeetch,I like the game but i have only three cars bought and nothing in my garge and it says its full and i can't move my cars to my garge to work on them.
76561198335684725,Not Recommended,645630,33859973,Posted: 28 July,all,Kliff Arne,Extremely Un-Optimized
76561197970414117,Recommended,645630,34053327,Posted: 5 August,all,PeterGuardian,"I am a big fan of the CMS series, but the 2018 version was released in Early Access state.There are just too many bugs and when you slog through them all and reach a level where you usually start restoring cars...More bugs, which cause you to not be able to do that because of broken or missing parts.I cannot recommend this game in this state, but will happily change that once it reached a (mostly) bug free state.About a month later the devs fixed almost all of the problems.Sometimes the patches introduced new bugs, but eventually those got fixed.Do keep backups of your game saves though, people still report their saves getting broken."
,Recommended,645630,34177427,Posted: 11 August,all,愛,"Another amazing edition of a fairly unique game from a small, dedicated team of developers."
,Recommended,645630,33997164,Posted: 3 August,all,Hugbee,i got the gameas i enjoyed it and i really didbut sadly there are to many bugs and crashes in the  to recommend it  the devs are updating but this isnt a alpha game its a full release and shouldnt have all the issues it does   ****  update just repurchase the game still a few bugs ect but the devs have fixs so much and there apologies was really nice to see and read
76561198025942604,Not Recommended,645630,33869614,Posted: 28 July,all,Wanted514,"Well I've had this game since release and survived the bug fest this Dev studio or publisher has released to the world. Or should i say the CEO of red dot or Playway since we cant blame the devs for this fiasco.The additions to this new game in the series are implemented so poorly that you'll quickly grow bored of it (barns and scrapyards).While the simple mechanic fiddling are just as fun as the last game, the rehashed nature of this game will most likely leave you bored to tears after about 30-40 hours.Not a bad deal for 20$ i suppose, but this will be the last of the series i will ever buy.This series needs more than just a graphics update, it needs to become a true simulator in every sense, not just tightening screws and rebuilding the same cars over and over again. Where is the business sim? What do i do with all this money besides just buy new cars? Where is the carrot on the stick? Again the excuse will be 20$.Well devs and pubs, i would have bought the game for 40$ if it was more interesting. If i want to save money ill go buy fake ketchup instead of Heinz, not try to save money on my entertainment."
,Recommended,645630,33858358,Posted: 28 July,all,Lakelet,Very fun and I can get easily immersed. 7/10.
76561198065119776,Recommended,645630,33859388,Posted: 28 July,all,tamir219,Dev doing great job.
,Recommended,645630,33940455,Posted: 31 July,all,Spartacus,"This game has improved each patch that has released. With around 20 in the past two weeks, this just shows what great potential this game has.They did have a poor launch, but owned up to it and they have been fixing it.I enjoy having new features and hope they keep adding more.Just some insight of what you can turn a junkyard vehicle into:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDLlBldXr3g&feature=youtu.be"
76561198065461717,Not Recommended,645630,34234124,Posted: 14 August,all,JensWildeman,This game does not look what you see on the trailer! I hope they will update this
,Recommended,645630,33859111,Posted: 28 July,all,Alex012,"update 30-08-2017is now a good game as it should.everything works well the game play is good.only thing is really just a little bit less is the mouse.but wen you fast enough.models is active many models roll off the screen.active members always useful.good suport that makes or breaks the game.in this case, supper team thick + 10.In short definitely value for money. and many game fun topper* update * 02-08-2017After some update that actually should have been for sale.the game is now reasonably playable. Let's say 40% to 65 to 70% ofthe last 30 a 35% will determine if the game really will be a success.Given the previous games I give them the advantage. of the doubt.About a month we go again look at how it is doing with this game."
,Recommended,645630,34640876,Posted: 31 August,all,Jayden,"I love this game!!!Suggestions:Able to drive the car around the city,Turbos/Superchargers,Performance parts as well as the regular parts,Able to sell your car at auction,And fix the horrible driving mechanichs, the cars are terrible to drive, and unrealistic."
76561198355112222,Recommended,645630,34613505,Posted: 30 August,all,Caiirnsy15,Good game for people wanting to know how to fix problem with cars. To fixing brake pads to dismantling the whole cars engine and body to repairing it all you will learn lots of this games <8
,Recommended,645630,34641967,Posted: 31 August,all,Gariot,"Okay, the Release was a desaster but shortly after the Release the Developer pusht one Patch out after another. I am pretty sure they dont sleep at all xDMeanwhile the game is pretty amazing and really fun. Give it a shot if you are into cars! :)"
,Recommended,645630,33932059,Posted: 31 July,all,TundraWolf42,"08/24/17As it is now, I do recommend this game. It has still has some issues that are still being patched, but since the Dev team is not huge it may take some time to fix it all. I do like this game so far as I have mechanic expierence and love to work on cars so this games is perfect for me. Just wish the game was abit more complete when it came out, but thats just how the car gets fixed I guess. Since the Devs have been working around the clock and have released tons of patches, this game is now really awesome and if you have waited this long to buy it because of the bad reviews it has got in the past, I would say now is the time to buy this game!Pros:-Bugs and Glitches Are Being Patched Really Quickly-Awesome Graphics-Story Job Cars Are Great-Adds life to the game.-Able To Unmount, Remount, and Balance Tires and Rims-Take Apart and Reassemble Certain Suspension Parts-Huge Selection of Cars and Parts-The Barn Feature Is A Good Way To Make Some Extra Cash With Junk Parts and Junk Cars/same with the junk yard-Better Selection of Diagnostic Tools-More Indepth Car Parts-Adds More Realism-Love The Engine Lift and stand-No More Taking Out All The Parts To Remove Engine-More I Forgot To ListCons:-Loading Is Abit Slow-Have To Put All Parts In a Parts Group Back Together-Like Brake Caliper and the Cylinder-Before Able To Put Back On The Car-This Is Not How It Is Done I Can Assure You-Able To Remove or Mount Parts Before Others That Is Not Possible-like mounting front shock absorber and bolts before the front steering knuckle-Pie Chart Menu Can Be Hard To Get Used To and NavigateOnly options are in the main menu and not in game-Others I didnt MentionEverything on here can and will change as time progresses and patches come out. I would say its safe to pick this up now, its an awesome price for what the game is."
,Recommended,645630,33874047,Posted: 28 July,all,Teamdoesyou,"Current Game Version: 1.2.2Its been a while since this game was released, while the game is still not perfect it is much better since my last review. Im now able to run the game on Ultra smoothly (I did originally have a weaker card) and the game breaking bugs have dissapeared. I haven't had a crash in a while so that is great. Now Im not going to go over the pros and cons all over again but I will say this, CMS 2018 does need some getting some getting used to if you are coming from any other titles. The old shortcut keys are more common than before and the sell junk button has been back for a while so thats nice.Lets keep this short, I can recommend you buy this game now and it is a pleasant experience. If your computer does not meet the minimum specs then do not even attempt this game. The recommended specs seem to be acurate so you can follow those.Specs:AMD FX 6300Geforce GTX 9708GB RAMRosewill Hive 850W Modular PSU1TB Seagate BarracudaASUS M5A97 R2.0 MotherboardWindows 10 Pro"
76561198044926485,Not Recommended,645630,33872311,Posted: 28 July,all,icarosaurvus,"I played this game for roughly thirty hours. It vanished overnight. All my progress, all my cars, all my money, all my experience; gone. Gone forever. I tried to start over, but the grind is just too much. I can forgive the money, and even the cars, but the thirty hour grind again is just too much. Don't buy this game at this time. Wait. Spare thyself the pain."
76561198066309569,Recommended,645630,33861163,Posted: 28 July,all,Caboose,This new game is brilliant the graphics are great and with the new workshop tools the game is even more realistic. i've worked over 6 years as a mechanic it gets a thumbs up from me.Thankyou playway for yet another great game.for anyone thinking of buying this game please realise that the majority of negative reviews are from petty people who didnt get the game they wanted when they wanted it (6 days guys seriously?) even after the developers worked tirelessly to get the game released. And just giving the reason of poor optimisation? over 150 negative reviews in under an hour... get a life.
76561198143959995,Recommended,645630,34419629,Posted: 22 August,all,MrSynstyr,"Update***I have since reached out to the devs and they have personally spent time working with my save game which they determined had corrupted somehow. Customer Service at its finest!!!!Now that the issue has been made clear to me it was on my end I highly reccommend this gameIm not sure where to start with this game.  Ive got 80 pls hours in and all of the sudden I cant get into my save game.  I search through the forums and find a sticky post on how to edit files and delete certain others to rescue my save.  To me, thats completly unacceptable.  I paid for this game, I thought it seemed like a good distraction type game, something I could jump in and out of when I had some free time.  Ive been playing pc and console games for 20 plus years and when the devs explain how to correct a save game file, something that they should be doing themselves......it just seems wrong.  There is no way they cannot come up with a fix for this.  I enjoyed the experience of playing the game..its an interesting concept.  However, now that I cant get back into it....im at a loss.  I would not recommend this in its current form and unfinished state.    They have issued numerous patches since release, but have not addressed this?    If they come up with a fix and I dont have to throw away 80 hours of gameplay, Id recommend...but not in its currennt configuration."
,Recommended,645630,34065597,Posted: 6 August,all,Liquidlizard,"Not bad for $20. Small bugs that Red Dot Games is very quick to fix. They seem to be pretty aware of all the issues, its just a matter of time before everything is fixed. Steam workshop coming soon, and so far the mods are starting to make the game more enjoyable."
76561197998161564,Recommended,645630,33890968,Posted: 29 July,all,Carlos Cabral,"Some weeks after the patch, everything is working quite well, the game runs properly now, is enjoyable, and most of all, you can play it as it was designed to be played.---------------------------------------------------------------ORIGINAL REVIEW (on game release):At this moment, I can not reccomend this game, it keeps freezing in loading screens, it runs poorly in decent hardware, which is a shame, because when working, the game was really nice.Please, next time, dont realease a game like this, wait another month if you need, or release as early acess, this is not acceptable.As someone who owns all previous titles, if i could ask for a refund at this time i would!!! (13h played, which more than half was spent on loading screens, wondering if the game has froze...)"
76561198006595740,Recommended,645630,33947302,Posted: 1 August,all,Katsumoto,"Okay first of this game is a trip down the memory lane for me so i might be little more forgiving than im used to, that said lets continue whit the review.- there are manny bugs aloot of them and missing features and disapering items that i tought this game was in alpha.-some crashes remember to save aloot unless you want to do the same thing over and over and over and over.-cant get the radio to work so no ingame music.- a long tutorial a verry long long long tutorial you cant jump over. Lol whit all the bugs and stuff it took me 6h to complete becuse i repaired everything on the car didnt know i just needed it to run to complete the tutorial.- it should still be in alpha but they allready made 2 dlcs money grabbers!!!!!+ its fun hell yeah they went out of their way on this one if you like details and are a car nerd you will like this game.+ and tough i havent been able to progress that far becuse of all the problems the game have there are lot more to do than fixing cars.So my overall assesment is dont buy the game now wait for them to fix it. too many game devs are pushing out alpha games whit day one dlcs this need to stop we must make them realise if they dont have a complete game dont relese it and specialy not whit day one dlcs.Now they have allready apolegised about the state of the game and are trying to patch it. But for me that aint gonna fly they should fix the game and relese some free dlcs to make up for players that payed for an unfinnished game!Update Now they have actually fixed alloot of the missing content and bugs there are still some crashes and bugs but they arent gamebreaking annymore the devs have made good on their promises and you have to give them credit for that.they ♥♥♥♥ed up bad but i think they was given a valued lesson that wont repeat itself in the futureit shows that they are looking after their custumers and fan base so i think allot of people needs too edit their reviews a litte to be fair!"
76561197971491551,Recommended,645630,34084796,Posted: 7 August,all,jwrebholz,"I've enjoyed this series of games for a long time, so of course when CMS 18 came out I had to have it. It's a much prettier game than its predecessors, with a wider variety of vehicles to work on and they've both increased the variety of parts as well as removed some of the tedium of past games. What's even better about this game is the inclusion (via DLC) of actual licensed cars from both Dodge and Mazda. Ever wanted to restore an old Challenger? You can. Want to work on an FD RX-7? You can.So the basic idea of this game is you run a shop. You pick the cars you want to work on, examine them for faults both by driving the car (if possible) and using various tools you can unlock as the game progresses, and then you can either repair broken parts or replace them.  As you progress in the game you'll unlock more service bays for your shop (allowing you to accept multiple orders), extra diagnostic tools, and more repair options (welders and a paint booth, among other things).  Also available to you is the ability to buy wrecked cars at auction, fix them up, and flip them for profit, though this is more of a late-game thing and it will take some time to get to this point.So this sounds like a pretty positive review, right? Well, it would be...if it weren't for some major problems. This game was rushed out the door before it was completely finished. It launched riddled with bugs, some of them game-breaking. Essential parts are missing from inventory, parts already in inventory would disappear, and game crashes were fairly frequent (among many, many other problems).  The developers issued a mea culpa and are trying to fix the game as quickly as they can (and they have made a fair degree of progress) but the fact remains that they released the game too early, instead of waiting an extra few weeks and doing more bug testing.EDIT: It's been some time, and some quick playtesting (along with other users' experience) has told me that the vast majority of the bugs and issues with the game have been fixed. The game runs much better now, and you run a far lower risk of losing everything to a game crash (there is an auto-save function now, where there used to not be one).  Now that it's patched up and in the state it SHOULD HAVE BEEN at launch, I'm changing my reccommendation. If you enjoyed the previous games in the series, get this one.  If you've never played CMS before in your life, this is as good a place as any to start."
,Recommended,645630,33883412,Posted: 29 July,all,Cosworth,"DOPE, Needs more car, Performance Shop, Aftermarket Stuff and Bodykit."
76561198089415142,Recommended,645630,34672309,Posted: 1 September,all,TheDoc,"Hit a hill on Race Track. Went skywark over the wall. Drove off of map. Went 2100 kph into oblivion. Would fly again. PS: Needs upgradable motors, parts, etc."
,Recommended,645630,34672665,Posted: 1 September,all,Threshy,"I will recomend this game, but I only have 1 major problem with it right now. I spent around 40,000$ repairing a ""Mustang"" or whatever it's called in the game. All I needed to do was replace the interrior and then sell it. I saved and quit to come back to it later.... And the car is gone. It's not in parking, or anywhere. So now I'm down 40,000$ and I have nothing to show for it, besides for the old interrior parts in my inventory. So just thought I'd point out this bug, and I hope it won't happen again in the future."
76561198271826478,Recommended,645630,34664649,Posted: 1 September,all,leobeetle,it is a very fun game and has got lot's of hous of fun and lot's of levers
76561198349822916,Recommended,645630,34695691,Posted: 2 September,all,uae_187,THE car mechanic simulater community the need a dayno jet pack and preformas pleez addet soon
,Recommended,645630,34020220,Posted: 4 August,all,NRGpony,"Over the past month developers have gone extensive reaches to patch these bugs quickly, AAA game publishers take note.When I bought this game it was at a completely unplayable state. Developers have gone above and beyond to make up for this and after a few patches rolled around I feel the game is finally in a playable state, sure you may run into a few glitches here and there but for the most part it's solid right now. If you have been itching to play this game I'd say now is the time you can consider playing.It's everything car mechanic simulator 2015 was and SO much more."
76561198383493032,Not Recommended,645630,33961540,Posted: 1 August,all,johntau23,Although it got off to a problematic start I still find it fun to play.I think given a little more time in testing would have been better even if they had to delay the launch. I believe that when they get the bugs sorted it will be everything that was promised and more.I have been playing from the first launch and have had my fair share of crashes putting me back many hours but I will continue to enjoy the game. I'm excited to see how much more detail they can get after playing the 2015 edition.I'm changing my review because I don't see an overall improvement in the game. With regular updates the positive changes have been some of the minor bugs and thats good but major bugs seem to get fixed and then return with the next upgrade. So much of this games hype was based on how good CMS 2015 is and what the game designers had done to improve it for 2018 version.For so many reasons the game is slowly ruining the reputation of the game designers. I waited for this game believing it was going to be so much better and paid for it when it was released but now I regret wasting my time and money on this shambles. I don't want my money back I just want the game that was promised.
76561197985089276,Recommended,645630,33867589,Posted: 28 July,all,Sonde1983,At last this works like it should.
,Recommended,645630,33859974,Posted: 28 July,all,The Dude,game is better now with updates
76561198042664522,Not Recommended,645630,33908807,Posted: 30 July,all,Catronia,"I am now (after 230+ hours of play) Revising my opinion. The game COULD be incredible despite the dumbing down, IE: no gaskets, gas or brake lines, fluids, hoses, or wiring harness. However: the addition of minor 'new' features without fixing basic issues such as inexplicable crashes that cause your computer to auto reboot, to losing saves, parts, restored vehicles, etc, has finally caused me to lose my enthusiam and made me decide the frustration is no longer worth my time. I would recommend passing on this one until and unless they can resolve the glaring issues with the game."
76561198001755913,Recommended,645630,34971496,Posted: 15 September,all,mmcmor1,A lot of the reviews you will read on here are just going to be about the release and the bugs and feature at the time...But they leave out the tireless work of the devs to right their wrongs.  I have never seen a game so heavily supported by the devs to make it the experience promised and well polished.  I haven't run into a bug in a while and I've had a great amount of fun playing this game.
76561198041730772,Recommended,645630,34974963,Posted: 15 September,all,mgunner2010,"I own both CMS15 and CMS18 and I got to say that I love CMS18!  I have own CMS18 since it came out and, yes, it has been a rocky start but the devs have made daily improvements and the game is great!  It is both relaxing and therauputic.  I currently have 22 cars collected and also fix up cars from the junkyard and auction house for money now.  This game is definitly worth the buy!  If you love the Car Mechanic series then it is a must.  Cant wait for more DLC's...."
76561198028535507,Recommended,645630,34823875,Posted: 8 September,all,Andy_C,10/10 would send car out to customer with no oil :)
76561198140389430,Recommended,645630,34976863,Posted: 15 September,all,Silveringot,"While it had a rough start at first, Car Mechanic Simulator 2018 has transformed into an amazing game!Right now updates are very frequent (Every 3 or so days), and with every update more and more bugs get fixed, new stuff gets added, and mechanics get implemented.If you were a fan of CMS14 and or CMS15 then you'll love this gem too.New players might find it difficult or even boring in the first hour or so of gameplay, which Yes I agree with. Doing brake jobs constantly over and over is tidious.Well lets quit messing around and get to it!PROS:-Amazing Graphics (On max it can rival PS4 and XBone games.)-Large selection of vehicles-Alot of parts-Actual Junk Yard and Barn Finds (Which you CAN buy vehicles from)-Level progression system (Which can be viewed as a pain to some.)CONS:-Still some bugs-Some promised features not yet implemented-Lack of settings/options.-Complete removal of the garage customizer from CMS2015(Maybe we'll get it back in a future update? I doubt it unfortunately.)-Relentless ""same type"" jobs for the first hour or two.My rating would be an 7.5/10 a great score for a game which had a lot of trouble at first."
,Recommended,645630,34976877,Posted: 15 September,all,Gyras,"After a rocky launch, this game is turning out to be one of my greatest time sinks this year. I'm really enjoying it.I rarely do reviews but I believe the developers are doing a great job at patching the game at an amazing pace and definitely deserve a thumbs up for this."
76561198101899164,Recommended,645630,34980972,Posted: 15 September,all,TheLastLance,FIX ALL THE CARS! :)
,Recommended,645630,34868548,Posted: 10 September,all,Zelpha,"i feel like this is a very good game. on one hand you have so many orders and things to unlock with story orders normal orders bonus orders, its great. however when it comes to owning your own car the most you can really do is take to the race track and restore it if its old. AND THATS IT. i would like to see more part options for cars as i feel its lacking in content in that aspect, i will say though i do like this game and will carry on playing it for quite some time"
76561197999527968,Recommended,645630,34648920,Posted: 31 August,all,Crowe,Finally able to recommend this game.  The devs. have been putting small updates and fixes every day and it's showing up on how this game preforms.  Thanks....
76561198109095744,Recommended,645630,34891468,Posted: 11 September,all,SKITheHeartless,"Great game even with it's rough start in the beginning , the develpers are patching the game constantly, fixing bugs and improving the quality. I am majoring in the automotive field and a car enthusiast, and the game is pretty realistic to my tastes."
76561198274252730,Recommended,645630,34474421,Posted: 24 August,all,galvinbelk,"I initiallaly gave the game a poor review.I was very bad, constant crashes and game breaking bugs.They have worked very hard to get this game up and running to where it should have been on release.I repeat Should have been on release, not months after release.It is a good game now but still has room for improvement."
,Recommended,645630,33888353,Posted: 29 July,all,TheChazman,"Despite a rocky launch, most of the issues that plagued the game upon release have been dealt with. The result is the experience they intended, which is looking to be the best CMS title yet."
76561198030573992,Recommended,645630,33858917,Posted: 28 July,all,SgtJacobs,"I have to review my review.The launch was bad, very bad, it wasn't finished and should have an Early Access release at the most.Since then however, a lot has changed. Patches were made, bugs were fixed, things were set straight. The game is now actually fun and the achievements are working. There's still a ton of bugs, but at least they're working on it fast with the almost daily updates.This was my review on the release date:Not ready for release!No mouseNo profileNo playing"
,Recommended,645630,34823972,Posted: 8 September,all,vinlee602,After many hours into the game i love it not 100% realistic as an actual mechanic but a very fun way to pass time
76561198340946983,Recommended,645630,34824940,Posted: 8 September,all,chronicle_pro,I was scepitical about buying this game with all the bugs that have been reported but after purchasing and playing i can definitily say the bugs have been fixed and this game is very pleasent to play now i would definitly recommend this game as there is so much do to you wont be able to get bored.
76561197972835905,Recommended,645630,34013174,Posted: 4 August,all,Walking Corpse,"222 hours in at time of review: Level 56 in gameShould be called: Game Tester Simulator - since devs release updates that introduce new bugs.Doesn't seem like they test their fixes before implementing.  The new fixes are usually released by next day, to fix the latest broken systems.This is an Early Access title, without the developers warning potential buyers.Frustrated that features mentioned in store page don't exist.  Many have been fixed and made available.Stats - in menu, but greyed outDyno - tool in talent tree, room is dark and unusableControl Rebinding - doesn't existLiquids in cars - just oil, same as previous versions despite being listed under new featuresEngine Rack - There is a tool that appears to exist on engine rack.  Greyed out and unusableEngine Crane - after mounting assembled engine into vehicle, interface gets broken a little when wanting to clear the interface and / or move tool back to its storage location. It works, but not as intended.DLC is a joke, pay extra $5 each for only 2 cars in each one.Tutorial is plain... you can explore, kind of use as a sandbox to learn tools before starting actual game.  Not much to do really since it won't impact your game.  Just click the garage door and go to the test track.The game is fun, Yes.Graphics =  Amazing.Functionality = Improving Daily.Stability = No crashes, no game save loss since purchased."
76561198065913373,Recommended,645630,34892735,Posted: 11 September,all,Batman's Giant Penny,"This game...strangely addicting.  Built a car, tore it apart, rebuilt it, then sold it. Repeated 20 times.8/10 would rebuild again."
,Recommended,645630,33919917,Posted: 30 July,all,The Space Wolf,Im happy that the developers kept cranking on this to iorn out all the bugs and now I can reccomend the game. There are a few minor glitches that make game do strange thigns but evecualy this will be ironed out. The game is relitvely just like CMS 2017 but with a few more featurs.
,Recommended,645630,35339053,Posted: 30 September,all,xxX_JEW$KI_Xxx,"This games it amazing, best car game on steam! It has Z LOTS of potenpotential of become an insanely great game by adding stuff like car customization like aftermarket parts, make an open world where you can drive around, more cars etc. The only thing i have to say thats negative is the optimization, i can run every game on ultra but this, it drops down often but other than that its a great game."
,Recommended,645630,35323124,Posted: 29 September,all,Loke e bedre en dg,Guys if u donno this game or dont want it or want it just but it its so much fun guys its the best!! even better than Minecraft xD XD
76561198328242866,Recommended,645630,35321355,Posted: 29 September,all,ggMAN112299,Really good only experienced one bug and it was fixed right after the second update.Super good gameplay havent used it at full capacity since i dont have a good graphics card althogh my pc is super powerful.
,Recommended,645630,35353557,Posted: 30 September,all,BornGhost,"I've put almost 24 hours into this game at this point, and I have to say that I'm a fan. I really liked 2015 and put many hours into that one as well, and bought all of the DLC along the way for the sake of being able to play it more. I read a lot of the reviews before purchasing this version, and they admittedly put me off for a little while, but I'm glad I finally bought it.If you played 2015, you'll be very familiar with a lot of this. Grab a job, throw the car up on the lift, pull it apart as much as necessary, and put it all back together. Over and over and over, because you like the wrenching and troubleshooting. What you may not like, at least initially, is the UI navigation and switching between build modes. I want my keyboard shortcuts back to switch from putting it together to taking it apart. Maybe this is something that can be enabled in the settings, but I haven't looked.I have dipped my toes into the barn finds. You'll get to find parts (usually in not great quality) and also cars that you can purchase and then fix up. It's an enjoyable time if you've got some money to spare. Which brings me to my next point, and a point that many have gripes about...The grind is real. Getting money isn't too bad, but getting levels to upgrade your skills and shop take a short order of eternity. In 24 hours, I've made it to level 16. I do wish it was a bit less grindy, but at the same time, it's almost appealing. Maybe if Red Dot could add in the capability of buying the tools, that would be a worthwhile change. The rest can be acquired via the grind, as far as I'm concerned.Overall, if you liked 2015, you'll like 2018. If you're unsure, pick it up on sale and grab the current DLC while you're at it. You probably won't hate it."
76561198110868846,Recommended,645630,33911440,Posted: 30 July,all,Dark1pl1er,"Look my computer can run the game, even if  I wasn't patient enough on a bad day... But like battlefield 4 the devs came and fixed a lot of stuff, apart from me missing the glossy light textures it's very addicting and fun to play even with custom cars and licence plates, my only complaint is that THERE IS NO CANADIAN LICENSE PLATES! Even though Alaska and New York will do since there relativity close to Canada they will do so in the end F(Nope.avi)CKING GREAT GAME if you like non saw related puzzles."
,Recommended,645630,34532418,Posted: 27 August,all,Yomi,"Dont listen to the negative reviews, if you think youre into mechanics and cars and you wanna learn a bit while having some good relax  times, Get this game."
,Recommended,645630,33875437,Posted: 29 July,all,Wolfrayay,"The games working fine for me now, after a refund when it first came out i got it again. I have this game on low graphics and that seems to be the only setting where the game runs fine on my pc. GG so far"
76561197997915344,Recommended,645630,33863022,Posted: 28 July,all,thestepster,"Big improvement on the game runs fine now, but games still missing things like the tuning thats coming in a dlc"
,Recommended,645630,34202042,Posted: 12 August,all,Roberto Moreira,Nice
