user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,649580,33666257,Posted: 19 July,all,ShinTheKnight,"Twins of the Pasture is a poor Harvest Moon clone that lures you in with its lewd cutscenes, but doesn't have much else going for it.The game features two twin sisters(that I find hard to believe are twins, but okay, rolling with it)who suddenly realize their parents are in a lot of debt, and they are in risk of losing their farm home due to it.With the parents off on an adventure to climb a misspelling of ""Mt. Everest"" (which is in a fictional island that they have to take a boat to, so that's okay), it's up to the twins to work on the farm.Gameplay is pretty... basic. Takes the mechanics of a farming game and makes it pretty simple.Perhaps a bit too simple for any fans of the Harvest Moon series.Adding to the ""gameplay"" are the interactions that may lead to pantyshots, boob grabs, or anything else you could possibly think of that's lewd and shouldn't be done. Oh, and to make matters worse,these interaction scenes happen due to other NPCs requesting these ""treats"" from our protagonists, and offering services in return.Controls are awkward. Walk around by clicking where to go, click on who to talk to, and hold Z (or use the mouse scroll wheel!?) to turn your walk to a run.Controller support does not exist.The game'scutscenes/conversations are handled in a visual novel-like style, which makes an odd quirk because you can save your progress while talking to NPCs, as well as using the book back at the house. (I suppose it's so you can review those lewd cutscenes).I was however intrigued by the mechanic of switching between the twins: By pressing the spacebar, you can switch between which twin to play as. The twins are not grouped together, so when you switch to the other character, you also move to where you left them. This makes a couple of tasks pretty easy, especially with the inventory system shared (go into town, buy seeds/fertilizer from the shop, switch to other character and plant the seeds/use fertilizer).Performance wise, it runs just ""fine"".There's no quality settings, and you play the game in fullscreen, or a fixed 4:3 ratio. The game's graphics are pretty simplified 3D, so I don't see any computers really having a problem running this game(but then, this coming from a weeb gamer rocking a 1080Ti). As an aspiring indie developer myself, this game's character models irritate me in a strange way. They seem to stand in a pose that almost looks like the basic ""T-Stance"" pose used for easily rigging and modeling characters. It seems like all of the character models in the game tend to stand like this if not moving.A few problems I noticed while playing this game however:Sometimes, the HUD elements (like the clock) glitch out for a split frame. Does not hinder gameplay, but irritating to notice.Being as though the game's original language is Chinese, some parts of the game are either not translated well, or not translated at all to English.In the end, for the launch price of $4.79, I can say ""You get what you paid for"". After the sale ends however, I'm not exactly sure if this would be worth a purchase. If you were looking for a lewd game with a slight hint of Farming mechanics, you've come to the right place.It's games like this that makes me with Steam had a sideways thumb for recommending games, but I'll give it a thumbs up because I bought it for the lewd cutscenes anyways."
76561198141804718,Not Recommended,649580,33938992,Posted: 31 July,all,blood 1504,Most of the positive reviews of this game are joke reviews  and some of the negative  reviews complain about the adult aspects of the game  I am going to try to give an objective informational review so you can make a good choice for you as to if you want this game or not .The reason my review is negative is a personal view based on game play . that has nothing to do with the nudity or sexual content of this game .I hate censorship with a passion   however .The first thing you need to know about twins of the pasture is this is not a game for children . As a matter of fact do not let any children you are in charge of read any further than this sentence Unless you are ok with discussing  sexual matters of a possible deviant nature with said child  I  will try not to be to graphic .But I feel in order to describe  the product I am going to be using some  words  of a sexual natureStory line and game playBefore i get into discussing the  sexual aspects of the game lets talk about.The basic story line  and  mechanics   of the game .the game story line isTwo girls are left alone on a farm by their parents and that the parents took  on a large debt  using the house that the girls are living in for the loan .   The girls have to pay off the debt or they will lose there home.Game payyou switch between the two characters to click on various things to  take action.  For example  you  click on the  cow to milk it  click  on the hay to pick it up  and so on . .  or to move your character  in the gamegame play is not hard all of it can be done with a mouse with one hand .My major reason for recommending against this game   Two things I found very annoying about this game1 the fact that i had to replay  certain scenes over and over again in order to advance game play in order to  get the  money to pay down the debt    .certain   scenes i must have seen about 300 times.  even though i left them on auto play  I still wanted to know when they ended .2 every time I took some action there was the same  sound indicator that i had taken the action that sounded  like the bong bong sound of an electronic doorbell.so i was listening to this electronic  bong bong doorbell type sound over and over again .Sexual aspects of  the game .Now lets  talk about the type of Hentai  game I think this is and what asidefrom cartoon female nudity is in the game.So you can decide if this game is  something you may like .without getting to graphic.This is what is known  i believe   in hentai  circles  as a weak female protagonist gamethese games usually center around the idea of  Erotic humiliation  of  the  weak female  protagonist .  Being a fantasy  the  humiliation of the female just happens usually without her consent .  Resulting in her taking the emotional pain of the humiliating act and turning it into sexual arousal .These types of  hentai  games by their very nature tend to be repetitiveusually cycling  a series of  humiliating acts.  The idea being I think that  the  weak female  protagonist is being broken down untill she acepts her deviant nature . .As i said for me this game had  a bit to many   repetitve scenes in it .I hope that gives you  enough information. that you can make a choice that is right for you .  I would recommend buying this thing on sale .
,Not Recommended,649580,33700535,Posted: 21 July,all,Vodoka,"The good things:-Dieselmine's art is good as usual.-Scenario as well, it's stupid and silly, but gets the job done. There's also some good scenes.-Translation is better than Material Girl.The bad things:-Translation still sucks. Actually, unlike Material Girl where it was just machine translated, here some YES/NO choices are accidentally switched around, so you'll be making choices you don't want to.-Gameplay is very tedious. It's like playing Korean MMO, with you doing tedious grind with no challenge at all, and just waiting for game to decide it's time for you to get the next event.-It's not very clear what you have to do for different scenes, or scene-chains. Unlike sensible eroge that give you some kind of hints, or just a list, here you have no idea what you have to do for anything.-When you do get the scenes, most of them are very short.-3D graphics are very uneven. At best they are similar to low-poly Gamecube stuff(Magical Melody is a common comparison), but at worst it just looks bad.-Kinda minor complaint, but UI is glitchy. At points it'll just turn into unrecognizable mess of pixels for brief moment.In short, I wouldn't recommend this."
76561197988130481,Not Recommended,649580,33702002,Posted: 21 July,all,calantia,"I would first like to start out by saying, this game was obviously not intended for me as an audience. I knew that going in, but between grim curiosity, the willingness to spend five bucks, to see a different take on the Harvest Moon type game, some stupidity, and also because my sister couldn't believe that I would actually play it, I bought the game. How is that for a run on sentance! As you can tell by my rating, this is not a favorable review, but I hope you enjoy it anyway.Plot:One day two sisters find a note from their parents, which explains that have gone off on an adventure and they should take care of the farm while they are gone. That is all fine and dandy until a lawyer comes to the house and tells them that they are millions of dollars in debt and will loose the farm if they do not pay it back. Now the girls must work the land, raise the cows and do whatever means nessisary to raise enough money to save their home. Oh, did I forget to mention this was an ecchi game?Pros:Premis - This is a new take and more of a sense of urgency that you usually find in games of this nature. Yes, it is a bit cliche, but it is a good motivator to get and make money as fast as you can.2 playable characters - You need to play both sisters in order to complete your tasks... in theory. I will get back to that in cons. I have always liked that mechanic and it might have something to do with the fact that I playedZak Mcracken and the Alien MindbendersandDOTTgrowing up.Simple controls - For some people this might be TOO simple, but if you are tired of accidentally using the your hoe on your animal, which in turn, makes it hate you, it is a nice change. There are really only three buttons you need for this game, Spacebar, Z, and the left mouse button. Sometimes simple is best.Animal Husbandry - None of that miricle potion or randodomly spawning cows like inHarvest MoonorStardew Valley! You need to have both a female AND male cow to make baby cows.~Rant~SeriouslyStardew Valley, are all of the animals created through immaculate conception or do they just clone themselves?Cons:Hold on to your hats kids, there might be a lot of rants here.Both characters can do the other's tasks - The game wants you to have one specific sister tend to the animals and the other to do the crops, but either one can do both. The only things that not both sisters can do are the ecchi stuff. Each sister has there own creeper that will grope/leer/sexually harrass them. Carming.Boob Fondeling~Rant~- Ok, let me get on thing strait, I have never met a woman who has felt to need to randomly fondel my breasts. It just doesn't happen. The flat chested twin will constantly go up to the large bossomed twin and grope her all the while being jealous of her rack. I happen to be a buxom woman, I have an older sister who is not. She does not come up, put a hand on my chest and remark on the size. She is not jelous, and if anything she is sympathidic to the back aches. Seriously guys, I realize that women feeling each other up is a fetish/convention expecially in Japanese pop culture, but it just doesn't happen.Molestation - Remember when I said that I'm pretty sure this game was not aimed toward me? Well aside from some of the other issues, after having one girl rather harshly fondled because a shop keeper evedently looses his mind when he see's large mamories, and the other being bribed into showing her underware to some perverted woodcutter with in the first 15 minutes of playing, I was ready to call SVU. I know, this is an ecchi game, but that doesn't mean that it can't have some semblance of decency. Again, I am not the intended audience for this game.Language - First of all the translation is not complete. There are still quite a bit of text that is still in Japanese, which is a little disconcerting for a game you pay money for. However, I am sure that there is someone fixing that as we speak. Now for my bigger problem with the language -CRUDE!Wow guys, just because it is an ecchi game, it doesn't mean you have to have everyone talk like a drunk college boy! The ecchi scenes are not so bad (I have seen much worse) but the language makes me want to hit my head against the wall.To help out the translators of this game, and anyone who is interested, I would like to point out why the word♥♥♥♥♥♥is not the best word to describe breasts. First of all♥♥♥♥♥is short for teet which is, in fact, another word for nipple. So when you tell someone that they have huge♥♥♥♥♥♥ you are remarking on how large their nipples are. Just want to throw that out ther.Now here are some other words that you can use instead of♥♥♥♥♥♥when talking about breasts.BreastsBoobsCleavageJugs (I don't personally like this one, but it is acceptable)BussomsKnockersRackI'm sure there are more, so don't just settle for one word, variety is the spice of life!In conclusion, I hope that this review has given you a good idea of what you are getting into. If you like crude language and men who have no self control you will like the parts of this game I didn't. If you are a slightly prudish academic like me, it isn't really worth the 5-7 bucks unless you like to hate play things. If you don't agree with me, that is fine but I hope you enjoyed the review anyway."
,Recommended,649580,34700521,Posted: 2 September,all,Plutia,"Twins of the Pasture is a simple RPG game, where you´ll control the sisters Aluka and Kurore that due her parents debt (10 millions), the twins need work to pay the debt.If you want play the original 18+ version, you can find the patch in discussions.This review is based in my personal opinion and based in 18+ versionPros: The artwork is good; nice H content; nice voice casting (18+ scenes included); once you pay the all debt, you can unlock all scenes/cgsCons: as i said, this game is very simples (few places available, you can take a tour in all places in few minutes); you cant accelerate time (e.g. a event only occurs in evening or night, you need wait the time pass; unless you hack the speed with CE); the game isnt totally translated (you still can find chinese character in few conversations/scene menu); the inventory mechanic is awful (you cant increase/reduce materials in large amount, need click one per one); you cant pause the game (unless you access inventory, or do some action); you cant load the game (unless you talk to someone and them click load)The 18+ contain: beastiality, yuri, pregnant, threesome scenes (and more)The game contain 3 endings:- You cant pay the debt in 120 days: the twins will stay with debt collector- Became a professional pros titute- Pay the debt and be free (unlock all scenes/cgs)Why i recommend?I recommend this game because is a nice 18+game in steam. And i recommend to those that want H content in their collection. For me, this game should be called twins of the pleasure."
,Not Recommended,649580,33688646,Posted: 20 July,all,Mojohosavich,"I was expecting a lewd Harvest Moon or a Stardew Valley but all I got was this T-shirt saying ""dumbass."""
,Not Recommended,649580,33711536,Posted: 21 July,all,Vechernyaya,"Please, next time, don't censor your game.Or at least make sure to release a patch (in opposition to have a modder make a patch with questionable legality)."
,Recommended,649580,33696974,Posted: 21 July,all,AtypicalChuck,Naive twins (not really) run a farm (barely) and are so far in debt that they exchange sexual favors for firewood and store coupons. Amazing English translation. XDBetter played with the R18 patch.
,Recommended,649580,33779913,Posted: 24 July,all,***,"Played for 10 hours on day 30The game similar too harvest moon, no combat so it's different than Stardew Valley and Rune Factory.Although it is not as deep as Harvest Moon the sexy scenes make up for it. No festivals too."
,Not Recommended,649580,33710204,Posted: 21 July,all,Pauly C in Mourning,"I was expecting Harvest Moon or Stardew Valley with some VN stuff but I got no gameplay, a lot of water melon seeds, and a story about a couple of NEETs selling their bodies because they don't want to work for a living"
,Recommended,649580,33769359,Posted: 24 July,all,Flink,I nutted like five times bruh.
,Recommended,649580,33711014,Posted: 21 July,all,Misaki,"Nukige at its best. Very simple gameplay where you can farm to your heart's content. Or not. Also, pastures."
,Recommended,649580,34725551,Posted: 3 September,all,AkiRyze117,"If you're looking for a good farming life simulator game like Harvest Moon this is not the game for you and you should check out Stardew Valley.If you're looking for a nukige disguised as a farming life simulator then this is your kind of game.The farming and animal raising aspect is way too watered down, the only way to raise money quickly and get good discount is by doing all the lewd stuff. Playing it 'clean' takes too long and it became rather repetitive on the later half with nothing much to do. Also the english translation is a bloody mess but its fine since there isn't much story in it anyway.I'm only recommending it because the art is fantastic and I know what I'm getting myself into."
76561198160868511,Recommended,649580,35376921,Posted: 1 October,all,Strayed Lynx,Lewd Harvest Moon with decent low poly 3D graphics and Dieselmine's gorgeous 2D artwork.
,Recommended,649580,33706425,Posted: 21 July,all,plutori,"Only recommended if you plan on installing the R18 patch. Great if you like embarrased girls who are a bit forced into their various situations.The rest of the game, however, has some issues. the non-drawn portions of the game have low quality graphics, gameplay is sparse, areas are few, dialogue not involved with the heroines is sparse, some things are not translated, and what is translated is often done so poorly.So, basically, it's a standard nukige, only buy it if you're into that sort of thing."
,Recommended,649580,33988532,Posted: 3 August,all,White Badger Devil,"The player is presented with moral choices, to take the easy way out of debt or to try and make a decent living whilst paying off the debt slowly.Have I tried beating the game the hard way (only selling produce on non-cowdemon milk, aka not unlocking any CG)? Nope.Will I try to beat the game the hard way? Nope.But the question is always, why should you play this.The answer: Steam Trading Cards and Twintails, no other reason."
,Recommended,649580,35021223,Posted: 17 September,all,IVI00101,Good nukige. Check discussions for full game experience.
,Recommended,649580,34033232,Posted: 5 August,all,Auto_Big (Invicible),when i update the program its can open because the program  is disappear in my download the game.how can you help me? its bug or fail in my download? pls fix its together. I love this game.
,Recommended,649580,33701561,Posted: 21 July,all,demonlord08062801,This game is really hard to play with one hand
,Recommended,649580,33731588,Posted: 22 July,all,Jhaiven,Farming Simulator 2017 but the tractor is a Bangbus
,Not Recommended,649580,33795503,Posted: 25 July,all,Kitty9chan,"Needs work, good idea that you can switch between characters, but i wish you can use a controller as well since the only thing you use is a mouse and space bar that's all. no WASD keys. all the thing is focused on this game is that it's sexual, if you want a game just about farming try stardew valley, it's a farming/dating sim/combat if your into that.or just figure out how to use dolphin to play harvest moon on your PC."
,Recommended,649580,33820518,Posted: 26 July,all,Maho,"I have it on dlsite and now on steam.......damn I love wasting money...well, its fun to see how occident reacts to eroge..."
,Recommended,649580,33717206,Posted: 22 July,all,Adiluk Sukhamwang,Best  AAA  Farming Simulator Of The Galaxy
76561198337509418,Recommended,649580,33755144,Posted: 23 July,all,vanilla_3h,Please do english patch of this Maid to Houshi to Goshujin-sama
76561198077405541,Recommended,649580,33989949,Posted: 3 August,all,Darkavenger,A good game ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).
,Recommended,649580,33712781,Posted: 21 July,all,Suika,A mini-Harvest Moon game with the H element that you want badly from those games. I think.
,Recommended,649580,33674277,Posted: 20 July,all,YANKEE GO HOME,"Although the english translation is lacking in some of the side stuffs, overall seems like a fine hentai harvest moon, especialyl with the r18 patch we put out.Superior to the base japanese release since it has the extra key commands and row watering not found on the previous release. Cute characters get into fun and erotic events while trying to pay off the debt of their crazy parents."
,Recommended,649580,33821330,Posted: 26 July,all,♥ Boner ♥,I just bought it for the gameplay i swear !*finger crossed* we all know the truth !
,Recommended,649580,33685500,Posted: 20 July,all,Jorvalt,"On the first god damn screen of the game, I instantly got my money's worth. Within literally 7 dialogue boxes I was laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off.10/10."
,Not Recommended,649580,33806390,Posted: 26 July,all,Ether,I hate playing as a girl doing dirty ♥♥♥♥♥ over and over.Refunded.
76561198073115198,Not Recommended,649580,33760485,Posted: 24 July,all,Fairy Princess Thomas,Not what youd expect
,Recommended,649580,33958932,Posted: 1 August,all,TysonL,"I can finally recommend this game because the uncensor patch is out :D now that it fully has nudity 10/10. if your a perv like me and like pink haired girls with big oppai this for you! or loli girls. boom! best of both worlds.now i'm still early in the game and it's so far based on doing quests, not freedom sandbox like traditional harvest moon games. you want see them boobs? do your quests and plant those seeds! want see some loli? collect those woods!"
