user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198413129256,Not Recommended,650670,34527379,Posted: 27 August,all,GJW,"Edit: My review below is based on v1.2.0.25-R. How much, if any of it applies to future updates... well, I guess we'll see as they happen. I would be a very happy camper if Cleve can fix the issues. I would be even happier if he lifted the very unreasonable ban (see below the review)-------------------------------Pros: Great dungeon design, fun, has a nice atmosphere and sense of fantasy.Cons: You don't have the time to read them, and I don't have the patience to write them all.Broken combat, broken levelling system, no real progression, itemization is a joke, combat is a joke, and the interface is like someone tried to win an award for how not to design one.Played Wiz 5-8, MM1-10, Bard's Tale 1 and 2, Ultima blah blah etc etc, so it isn't as if I am a noob to the genre. Clunky is clunky, broken is broken, and promises... well, it took him 20+ years and a dozen or so patches to get us to here, so I am not holding my breath for the game ever to be anything but a 'what could have been'. It is a mishmash of great ideas and poor to horrid implementation.tldrAn unfinished classic. Cannot recommend, even though I really really would like to.Edit: A couple of days later...The dev added me to the long list of people he has banned. I linked back to his own posthttp://steamcommunity.com/app/650670/discussions/0/1473095331487565310/#c1473095331505987397where he says that he ""doesn't remember"" programming a ""death date"" into NPCs. This link to his own post got me the ban, for (in his words) "" You were banned by a Grimoire : Heralds of the Winged Exemplar developer.Reason: ""General purpose troublemaking, undesirable""Given the buggy nature of this game, and its lack of manual, I think that this behaviour is beyond the pale. Apart from this actual review, I have only made three posts herehttp://steamcommunity.com/app/650670/discussions/0/1471967615887955939/#c2579854400738443657http://steamcommunity.com/app/650670/discussions/0/1471967529573105851/?ctp=44#c2579854400735264252http://steamcommunity.com/app/650670/discussions/0/1471968797465160274/?ctp=2#c2579854400734564660and as you can see, none of these could be takne as being ""General purpose troublemaking, undesirable""Essentially, the dev is banning anyone and everyone who in any way points out any flaws in his game, even though in this particular case, all I did was point at the dev's own post.I basically want the ban to be lifted, since without the ability to ask questions or get support, this game is unplayable in its current state, especially given the lack of a manual."
76561198045690831,Not Recommended,650670,34427711,Posted: 22 August,all,Sole Invictus,"This game has TONS of potential but is still extremely rough around the edges to the point of frustration. It's not that it's an ""older"" game, I've played plenty of 90s games; I've been gaming since the 80s! It's that, even after 20 years, it's just not finished. Not even close. What is finished is of middling quality at best and is generally mediocre.For starters, the interface is clunky, unintuitive, and poorly designed. Let's say you're in battle and want to cast a spell. For one character to do so, you must click one button four times, click the spell button once, and then select the spell. Oh, you want to move back to a physical attack? Click another button four times, then click attack. It's just clunky, there are far better ways to do it within the limitations of the game format (like separate small icons for attack/magic/use/et cetera instead of forcing you to scroll through a list for no particular reason).Update: I was passively aggressively informed by the user ""Grundlehair"" that you can actually right click on a character's action button to pull up a shortcut window. I had previously tried right clicking on a number of things early on and had, obviously erroneously, assumed it had no function due to it not doing a single thing. Since there was (and as of this update still is) no manual, I must take credit for this - my psychic powers failed not only me but my dear readers.  One million apologies to Herr Blakemore and his totalitarian regime for this egregious oversight.Upon further reflection, perhaps this was an intentional design element, taking us back to the days of yore when games were included without manuals and you had to scour the internet to learn about their controls and basic mechanics. Very meta, Cleve. <End sarcasm>When interacting with NPCs, you're forced into conversation as you step on their square and must leave the area and return to re-initiate conversation. You can't see NPCs at a distance, only when you're in their square, so you have to intuit where they're located. When in a dialogue screen, you can't check your party's equipment or stats, nor see the stats of items for sale; if you want to check if an item might be appropriate based on a character's skills, you must exit the dialogue, check the character, leave the area, return, and initiate conversation again. Items that were identified in the last dialogue revert to being unidentified and must be redone. Super clunky.Also, many basic functions are not implemented such as splitting stacks of items or removing/managing members of your party. Identified items do not stay identified, reverting to ?<itemtype>? after reloading a saved game. On top of all of this, it was released without a manual. Seriously, the designer didn't make a manual as they went and now must slap one together. Need we wait another year to learn the basic mechanics of the game we just purchased? Possibly! Add to it that the developer is rude and condescending in his responses and it makes me regret my purchase.I've requested a refund due to the aforementioned playability issues and am awaiting a snarky response to this review, likely something about how I'm not hardcore enough for his masterpiece. Yup.Could it be great? Definitely. Is it worth $40 as is? Definitely not. Maybe $5 in the bargain bin and then only if you have a 20% off coupon.Update 8/25.17: As expected, the developer responded and complained, saying he'd have paid me not to play his game, that it's not for ""people like me"", and that I just bought it to write a bad review. He also claimed he'd report me to Steam to prevent me from getting a refund, saying I was just pirating it anyhow. Very mature and not very logically consistent! If I was pirating it, how would I get a refund? Cleve might be unhinged. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this game nor support childish bullies like Cleve. On the bright side, his tantrums are actually encouraging people not to buy the game.Update 9/17/1: I just got banned from the Grimoire Steam forum for ""General undesirability"". Seig Heil, Herr Blakemore! Dissent shall be crushed with a limp, pasty fist!"
,Not Recommended,650670,34618565,Posted: 30 August,all,RetrogradeTom,"I'll keep it simple: After my time playing the game it was still released too early. It is not worth the $40 price tag.The developer himself says the game is not balanced. My biggest problem with the game is that it eventually turns into the player quickly speeding through ""trash"" battles until they get to an overpowered boss battle which has no strategy to it other than reloading and getting lucky with one of your OP skills (like critical hits = one-hit-kill).Bosses and some enemies have way too many attacks in one turn, most bosses I've seen with like 8-12, and they kill your party before you can do anything. This is fine if there was some strategy you could employ, but I didn't really see one.Reviving your party members also destroys your CON stat, which i THINK is bad but I wouldn't know, this game has no MANUAL or any way to understand anything about it.You basically just reload boss battles until the boss doesn't do something that seems completely unfair. Couple that basic gameplay loop with a bunch of weird bugs still in the game, obtuse mechanics which generally can be fun but often just leave you wondering if you've missed something important, and extremely discordant art styles, and this thing just doesn't seem cooked properly.It's a shame because the underlying exploration, quest, and item systems seem very well done (though the inventory system didn't have to be so annoying imo). The writing is fun too. I'll come back to this game in a year or so if the developer keeps working on it.The game was worked on largely by one person as far as I know, but the game has to stand on its own and can't get a pass just for that reason."
76561198032117582,Not Recommended,650670,34567184,Posted: 28 August,all,NatureMage,"Besides being a buggy, inconsistent game with obtuse (and hidden) rules, the developer has refused to answer basic questions on the forums and instead engages with trolls and sycophants- often within threads requesting help or clarification. Further, he frequently bans people from the forums for being ""undesirable."" Specifically for raising issues with his development style, lack of communication, and failure to meet promised due dates.As for the game itself- it's a complicated and unituitive mess. The game won't tell you what any of the 11 stats do, or the value of skills, or the primary differences between races. The dwarven-styled race and dog-styled race both have the highest mana regen in the game, while the drow (described as being great in caster classes) has the lowest. It's impossible to know if you're hamstringing yourself even during character creation because the small amount of information provided to you is occasionally wrong.The game is desparately in need of a manual, but it doesn't appear we'll be getting one any time soon (despite posts to the contrary.) The dev's lack of responses to even basic questions has lead many to believe he may not actually know the workings of his own game, likely due to many undocumented revisions. That's all speculation, though.Anyways, I really can't recommend the game at all. I ignored the dev's unsavory history and picked it up because this sort of thing really appeals to me, but I've regretted it ever since. Maybe in a few months when we've got documentation and an actual understanding of the game that might change, but as of now it's BUYER BEWARE.EDIT: The Dev continues shady behavior by marking reviews (this one included) as ""off topic.""  I have plans to return to the game once it's been rebalanced and a manual is finally released. If my opinion changes I'll be sure to update my review.EDIT2: So, uh, I submitted a request to have myself unbanned from the steam forums because I wasn't really sure why I'd been banned in the first place. And the devjumped right off the deep end.I've left my review exactly as it appeared when the dev read it. Judge for yourself. This dude is freakin' crazy."
,Not Recommended,650670,34451257,Posted: 23 August,all,Herpert,"Game is not recommended in its current state.Edited to add:The game that exists now is basically just solving map puzzles.  I found that the many nominal choices of party composition, character stats, spell choice or combat tactics offered little actual choice.There is a lot of ""toy"" here, but not much game, in my opinion.  I am optimistic that the developer may get it right in time, with player feedback.Many current positive reviews are open that the positive review is a declaration of support for the genre or support for the endeavor of the creator, in spite of any unfortunate state of the game.  I am a fan of the genre, and I want the creator to succeed.  I believe support was signaled well enough by my purchase.The purpose of this recommendation is to be honest about the experience of engaging this game on the terms of its various systems.  As a game of RPG systems--outside of map puzzles--I wouldn't recommend it to myself."
76561198085256001,Not Recommended,650670,34687636,Posted: 2 September,all,Pom,"http://i.imgur.com/lluMqxg.pnghttp://i.imgur.com/rG8fyr2.pnghttp://i.imgur.com/OJSJwxz.pnghttp://i.imgur.com/0LII3Sr.pnghttp://i.imgur.com/itaiMNb.pnghttp://i.imgur.com/KzfKt3E.jpgThis is who you support by purchasing the game.On top of that, the game is genuinely not good. So many enemies will come out of nowhere and kill you. So many monsters, items, followers and spells are overpowered. A lot of enemies make no sense, imbalance beyond belief, no explanations, stupid interface, no fulfillment, no nothing. And you will never be able to wring out over 600 hours of entertainment value from this. Not even close. The game might stall you a lot of times from obnoxious deaths and confusing layouts, but it won't ever amount to anything close to 600 hours."
76561197983503833,Not Recommended,650670,34328801,Posted: 18 August,all,Zelurs,"Very promising Wizardry clone. I admit that I had fun, but still I would suggest that you wait a little bit until the game is really finished. It's pretty much early access for now, lots of bugs (although I didn't come across any game breakers and the updates are frequent to patch them up) and lots of unfinished concepts. I'll probably return to the game after a couple more months of game development."
,Recommended,650670,34027189,Posted: 4 August,all,Norkkom,"The visuals and sound design range from beautiful to schizophrenic, the music has MIDI trumpets seared into my brain. It took 24 years to make and still crashes at random when viewing character stats. Puzzles and mini-games have zero explanation and often require trial and error to learn. The races, professions, skills, and stats all have little to no explanation, which at times can cripple your ability to make intelligent decisions about what to do. There's no manual, no hand-holding, and SOMEHOW it manages to be fun anyway.It's not for everyone, and I can completely understand why plenty of people think it's trash. But I'm having a blast with it, and if you love dungeon crawlers, it's got everything you could want - assuming you can figure out what half the game's text means.Now write the damn manual, Cleve."
76561197970586906,Not Recommended,650670,34016962,Posted: 4 August,all,Nyast,"Quick review after a few hours of play, from a fan of this genre of games:- windowed mode is bugged and causes black screen, can't close window, has to kill process- full screen has black borders on left/right and you can't alt-tab to other processes, like a web browser- game crashes when clicking on portraits ( edit: already fixed, requires reinstall )- user interface is old-school in the bad way: requires lots of extra clicks. Expect insane clicking even for basic functionality.- to speed up combat you need to click the rounds, so for trash encounters you end up clicking like a madman ( edit: you can speed up by using enter, didn't know that due to lack of manual. Helps quite a bit ).- game is pretty difficult/old-school. Expect to have to remake your party due to getting blocked in game due to not having the right skills/spells to progress.On the positive side, I'm having fun and I can see how a fan of this kind of game will enjoy it ( expect your share of treasures, secrets, loot, random combat and even talkable NPCs via a keyword system ). For others, be aware that this game is not for the weak and requires thinking.For a game 20-years in development and delayed so many times, I'm kindda disapointed by the amount of bugs and technical issues. Therefore I cannot recommend the game at the moment but once everything gets fixed/patched, it'd become a good niche game.In summary, you'll like this game on the following conditions:- fan of turn-based blobbers- can withstand technical issues, bugs and difficulty- can withstand a UI and graphics that are obsolete and requires lots of clicking- don't mind the $40 priceIf you do not satisfy those conditions, I would recommend to do a lot of research before buying this game."
76561197994863890,Not Recommended,650670,35291411,Posted: 29 September,all,Barra,"(If you'd like, open the review by clicking above, this makes it way more readible. You probably know this, but I didn't :D )------Aug 4: Game releaseI was working on themanualbefore I got sidetracked onto one million issues to fix before release. Now that the game is out and fairly stable I will work over the weekend and should have themanual ready early next week, likely as a self-executing browser reference.Aug 15: Manual is coming outnext FridayAug 28: Manual nearly readyHopefully sometimeduring this weekwill be releasing first version along with the next update providing substantial improvements to gameplay and many bug fixes/tweaks much requested by users.(This was all taken from the official news the developer releases.)Sept 29: Time of this reviewSeven Fridays later, stillno manual.-------I payed €40 (– the 10% discount) which, I think, is a lot of money for a game. But I thought about the 600-hours playthrough, so it should be worth my money. I was really anxious to get into it, I still am actually. Because I found the game fun, intriguing and deep.So after playing 10 hours I thought: “I’ll make a new party and start the game for real now.”This is the moment you look stuff up. ‘Cause this is a stats game, it has a ton of numbers attached to it. Many different races, classes, attributes and skills. Which is great, I enjoy complexity. Like most people in this game genre do, I think. The problem is that you don’t have a clue what any of these statsreallymean without a manual.-------Now some people will be saying:""Yes but you got the wiki, it’s all explained there.""or""You are an idiot. You can easily figure out what all the stats mean, just thinking logicly. If you can't figure it out by yourself, you shouldn't even play this game.""To this I say: ""No, it isn’t"" and ""Thats b0llocks Sir"" :P.Lets takeStrengthfor example.The wiki states:Controls a characters ability to penetrate armor with a weapon, force doors, lift gates and perform other muscular feats.Well no ♥♥♥♥ sherlock, you don’t need a wiki to know that :DWhat I want to know is:Does strength affect every class the same way?I don't think so, cause that would mean a thief's and warrior's build are the same (as in a thief also needing to build stength to penetrate and actually deal damage)Does strength affect every race the same?Does strength increase the damage you inflict?If it does affect damage, is this the case for all weapons and classes?Is strength for example a primary stat for a ranger, who uses a bow?If it does affect damage, is this bonus damage different for the different attacks (bash, swing, stab,...)?I suspect it is. Why else would there be different attacks possible with the same weapon?It looks like it doesn’t affect the to-hit chance, is this true for all classes?In a lot of games warrior classes take strength as the to-hit stat. If it doesn't, then that would again mean a thief and a warrior have the same build (as in a warrior also needing to build dexterity to actually be able to hit somebody.)So it helps penetration. Is this penetration different for the different attacks?Again I suspect it is.It says: ""It helps penetration with a weapon."" So does an unarmed strike count as a weapon? Cause unarmed strike is a weaponskill in the game.These are just some of the questions you get when playing the game and this is just one of the 12 attributes, there are still the 44 skills and I'm not even talking about the hidden differences between the races, like mana, stamina regeneration, etcCan you play the game without all this information? Yes I guess you can, just make 4 tanky warriors, a healer and 3 mages and you'll probably be fine in novice difficulty. But then you are only using 10% of the gamemechanics.What is the use of such a deep, complex game, if you can only use 10% of it? This is why I give it a negative review, cause without information you can't play the game for real, not like it is intended.I like to know what I’m doing, that is the fun for me in a game like this. I like to know why that fight is so difficult, why my spell fizzled, why my warrior didn't hit, why my thief keeps failing his backstab,…  And then change my build and tactics accordingly. I like to build a scaling thief that is useless for 3/4th of the game but is a monster late-game. Or make a glass cannon mage that has 2 hitpoints but can melt the world :DThis game gives you the opportunity to do that, cause you are given a lot of freedom on where to invest points in. Which is fantastic and the reason I still really want to play this game, but without concrete information you are just running around blinded and confused :p-------So why is there still no manual? If you look at the news and forum discussions, it looks it would take 1 or 2 days work to finish. The developer says: ”I’ll work on it this weekend and it will be done.” Then a few days later he says: “I didn’t work on it but I’ll do it tomorrow.”  A few weeks later: “Something came up, so I didn’t work on it, but I’ll do it now.” And so on. Meanwhile there aren't a lot of updates either...  This is not only frustrating but also strange. So what's the hold up? I don’t know.But I do have some thoughts on this:Is he lazy? Not committed? Does he have a lot of personal stuff going on? Or does he not know all the fine, inner workings of the game he made, over the course of 20 years, anymore?(I’ll probably get banned for this :D)-------Don’t buy it before the manual is out, let’s hope that will still be in 2017.Don't buy it before the steam rating is back above mixed. ‘Cause when the manual is released I’ll play this game, probably enjoy it and change this review. Like a lot of other reviews, I think."
,Recommended,650670,34025279,Posted: 4 August,all,Cablenexus,"Go to your local Euro/Dollar shop and buy some candles and matches. Buy some math paper and pencil. Wait till it's friday. Close the doors/windows, turn off your phone. Take your 10 year old Win7 PC from your storage space, install Steam, connect it to your biggest HD screen. Buy Grimoire.I'm a PC gamer only. But my first Dungeon Crawler wasn't a PC game.Swords and Serpents on the 8-bit Nintendo console was the first for me for those who remembered and played this game it was a pure 4 people party based crawler that was difficult, rewarding and lot's of fun to play.But no auto mapping and no quest log like in nowadays games so it was a must to keep track of your adventure in a notebook.(btw Grimoire have excellent automapping and questlog for those who need).Other games in the genre I played on PC was Lands of Lore, Ultima 8, the Might and Magic series (start at VI till VIII, IX was a disaster since they feel forced to start using a badly designed 3d engine) and Wizardry 7 and 8.More recently I tried to get into all the older games on GOG but since they all uses DOS box and need some configuration to play smooth with lack of mouse control etc they are more in my libabry to show you my Steam friends my good taste of games instead of playing them.On Steam there is Heroes of the Broken Land, the Quest (much underrated game), Legends of Grimrock and some others but I advice you to join a group on Steam to keep track on them. This one for example:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/gridderGrimoire : Heralds of the Winged Exemplar is simply a wet dream for everyone who enjoyed any of the other titles mentioned. While the look and feel of the old DOS games is there, everything is function normally in a Windows enviroment and you can use the mouse to enter menu's like in modern games.There is the classic old skool music, but without the sound of an old 56k phone modem.As for the highly detailed artwork that is not all static and high resolution fonts and screens.All info is in the game like quest logs, party management, inv management, crafting, spellbooks, maps, making notes etc etcAs you can read on the storepage the game is huge on content. While I try to keep following all gaming news in specific genres I missed the 20 years this game was in development. I never heard of this title before I was searching the upcoming Steam titles and my eye catched the description of this project.As soon as I entered the Steam forums there was an active discussion going on and I found out that there was not only a 20 year development cycle, but a 20 year during controversy as well. Many believed the game was Vaporware, not existing at all or the dev would be never able to finish it. Probably I was one of them if I was following active development for 20 years. I wasn't so I missed the controversy.But I believed there was a game and I believed it will be released somewhere this year. I trusted it because the very pure and authentic forum post of a dedicated developer creating his lifetime project and dream in an crazy world with a lot of hostile people.Everything I hate in life and in gaming is everything what is only being done because of money and greed or made by managers instead of artists. This game is the opposite from all of that. An exceptional long development time (Who cares development was not done in a 6 month to make the most cash out of it). A developer who react like an human being in the forum (Who cares he doesn't write fake lines of text as instructed by the marketing departement), a game of unacceptable huge proportions (no other company should ever take the risk to put so much content in a product that they can sell only once to every customer).It's like smoking a cigarette on places where it's not allowed. To buy a packet of cigarettes for a 13 year old, to f*#k two different people at the same day or to use public transport without ticket. Good luck we are all good people who never ever do such things. We are just slaves in a scripted world and one day we can't have nice things because everything is regulated. How many hours a development cycle can take, how much content a game can have max etc etcAnd exactly that is why it's so incredibly fun and motivating that there are people who really don't care and just turns their creativity into a game we can use to escape reality instead of using alcohol or drugs.All those other reviews atm are about fullscreen not working correctly at first start, the manual not finished yet (what is really a shame since we probably have to wait another 20 years for it) and the game is around 40 dollar.It shall take a few days before reviews coming in from people who really played the game a few days and my advice is to not buy the game based on my review for gameplay alone.I recommend the game mostly because of the style, the art, the idea that it is still possible to create in freedom, the controversy, the trust and the way the developer communicates. This game is Sophisticated Cult. I'm hypnotised."
,Recommended,650670,34041754,Posted: 5 August,all,Paragus,"I bought the game after the initial patch was released on the first day.  I sat down and streamed it for 11 hours straight.  During the span of that, there was maybe 1 or 2 crashes at most.  I quicksave fairly regularly as most should with a game this challenging, so it was never a big loss of progress.  As a streamer I like to play in windowed mode to have the chat right next to it, and had no problems at all with the mouse or anything else. I'm assuming a lot of the  negative reviews stating technical issues were probably before the day 1 patch that came out a few hours after the game launched.The game itself is exactly what I thought it would be.  As someone who is in my late 30's I grew up with these kinds of games, and it's a rare breed to find something like this in 2017.  My only gripe about the game at this point is that the manual for the game isn't posted yet, which would have helped character creation.  I'm a fairly intelligent person though so I got through it.The game seemed to be pretty large at this point going by the world map.  The game let's you pick your starting location in the options menu, which is probably not the best place for it, but I found it.  After 11 hours and visiting a bunch of areas, my marker on the world map has barely moved.  The UI isn't the best, but once I looked at all the hotkeys and spent a little time in the game, I'm fine now.  Whether it's worth the asking price is basically up to you.  I suspect older gamers will apprciate this more than a younger gamer who wasn't around to play these types of games from the 90s.  This is an unapologeticly hard game, just like pretty much all of the other games of this type back in the day.  If you can relate to that sort of thing and have the patience in the first few hours to learn the game you will probably like it.I'd recommend to watch a Stream on Twitch if you are on the fence about it, it will help you better understand if the game is right for you and cut down on the learning curve if you decide to buy it.  This game is definitely not for everyone, but it's been a long time since I played a game into the wee hours of the morning like this not knowing where the last 11 hours went."
,Not Recommended,650670,34241337,Posted: 14 August,all,Lady Liza,"I can't recommend the game, because of the bugs.Everytime the developer tries to fix a bug, he creates a new problem. It almost feels as 1 step forward and 2 step backward at this point.Perhaps check back in 6 months and see if anything has improved.But at this stage, stay away if you care about your savegames, progress and sanity."
,Recommended,650670,34023445,Posted: 4 August,all,LostKosmonaut,"A worthy Wizardry 7 successor!This is what a Wizardry successor should have been. After 20 years of waiting for the game, finally we get a worthy successor of Wizardry 7, one of my favorite games. Grimoire is a nice blobber, with very nice older graphics and enough complexity to keep your entertained and scratch that itch that W7 left.Expect little help, and some rough corners. But the game as is, it's very good. The game obviously lacks some expected stuff, like a comprehesive manual, and several usability improvements. But if you played the aforementioned Wizardry series, Eye of the Beholder or Chaos Strikes Back, you should feel at home.Please ignore the colorful posting story of the developer (Cleveland Blakemore, of Vault OS blog / RpgCodex / Sirtech fame), as it has nothing to do with the quality and general excelence of his game."
76561198088899050,Not Recommended,650670,34378186,Posted: 20 August,all,ClawlessVictory,"20 years in development and launched in basically ""early access"" condition.I can deal with small bugs and balance issues, Cleve is gradually ironing out all the rough spots but he still has quite a long ways to go on that front.  The thing that really bothers me is the lack of a manual.  Sure, I could fumble my way along but like most people I'm the type that likes to know where to put my points upon level up.  There are other things I'm left scratching my head about but nothing too serious.  So I'm left to wait it out until Cleve releases the manual and who knows how long that's gonna take, could be years.There's also a seemingly undeveloped ""food management"" mechanic.  Honestly, why did he release it in this condition?  After 20 years I was really expecting a fully fleshed out and complete game.  But I can let this slide, afterall it's just one guy working on everything.Bottom line is that at it's core, the game is designed as a traditional, ""old school"" RPG and everybody on the planet knows that older RPGs from the 90's always had dense instruction manuals full of details and statistics UPON LAUNCH, none of this ""it'll be out next Friday"" crap.Still looking forward to the complete experience, whenever that's gonna be..."
,Recommended,650670,34048322,Posted: 5 August,all,主人愛我當我是好狗,"I'd like to say first off that I'm completely new to this style of game, never have I played games like wizardry or anything like it. It was a few months ago that I heard about this game, and after reading through significant portions of Cleve Blakemore's postings on various forums like RPGCodex and the steam forums for this game I was absolutely sold. The man is a genius when it comes to advertising his game to his intended audience and his antics alone sold me on the game.I am still early on in the game and learning the ins and outs of everything but so far I'm having a great time with it. It's so radically different than anything I've played previously and so this style of gameplay is really refreshing to me. As of now I've felt pretty aimless because I think I don't know all the specifics about how things work, so I'm really excited to read the manuel when Mr. Blakemore finishes it because I think that'll help a ton.I haven't experienced any game breaking bugs or crashes that other people have encountered, however I do notice small graphical errors with the smooth turning but it doesn't really break my immersion or cause me any problems, but I am very early on in the game still and so I'll be sure to post a bug report if I encounter any.I'll update my review as I go on in the game."
76561198409481882,Recommended,650670,34141090,Posted: 10 August,all,dryahyabazeed,"This review is based on a total of 31 hours played.Grimoire is a game with a lot of history. Both it and its creator have had a lot of controversy surrounding them. Whether it be the extremely long development time, the broken promises, or the creator's personal (but publically) stated views. All of that has sparked a very active flamewar for the past 20 years. I ask that fellow gamers disregard all that stuff, or if you wish to enter the flame war, well, no one can stop you, but do not let your own personal opinions change your view of this game.I'll start it by saying I haven't finished this game. Not even close. 31 hours in, while save scumming and asking for help and I've just barely completed the first area of the game, and something around a 10th of the main 'quest' in the game. My location flag has barely moved on the world map. The creator promises 600+ hours of game time, which I can barely imagine. The least that can be said about this game is that it is imaginative in scope.Gameplay is brutal. While you have a total of 8 characters in your party, all of them custom made, and still, a single encounter that goes badly can still ruin your day. Even random encounters unprepared can seriously turn into a challenging fight. Characters WILL die, and you'll revive them, only to have them die again. Depending on how badly it goes, they might even end up dying permenantly!!!! Loot is rare, good loot is even rarer. You'll jump for joy at finding a weapon that is better than what you started with, or groan in desperation when a new weapon that looks awesome turns out to be cursed. You'll scream at the screen as your best damage dealer does 0 damage to an enemy because they're too tired, and probably cuss when your mage blows all his mana on a spell that fizzles in the end. Yes ladies and gentleman, this is an RPG of the old school variety. It gives you all the time in the world to pick every single action for your characters, then laughs at you after failing.... or applauds you for succeeding.This is an RPG of the old school variety. Party development is reliant entirely on the player. Characters do not have amusing stories to tell, save the ones you create in your head or ones that happen in the game. Stat and skill points are doled out in dribbles, and it is up to you to share them around on a horde of skills that you might need. Every decision matters, and the game does not suffer fools.This is not Dragon Age, or Mass Effect. This is not a 3d movie wrapped up in action scenes, this is not a loot fest like the Diablos. Not that those games are bad, but they are all an RPG and something.... Grimoire, on the other hand, is RPG. Only RPG.So put on your wizard robe and wizard hat, bring out your dice, and start rolling up your party. I promise you, you will not be disappointed.PROS:-- Old school RPG- Huge- Fiendish puzzles- Developer is quick to respond to bugs and issues- Interesting races/classesCONS:-- Sound is repetitive and annoying- NPC interaction takes a while to get used to- Some bugs are bound to crop up (one man team made this)- You'll feel lost.... A LOT.P.S. A lot of people have complained about the price of the game. I'm 31 hours into the game and have just finished the first 'area' and started on the second (so you're talking a minimum of what? 300-600 hours of game)... Either way, it seems to be way bigger than most triple A games, so IMO, it is worth the price."
,Recommended,650670,34024340,Posted: 4 August,all,pZi,"Been playing it for about 2 hours with the first update.Runs nicely on my Win10 laptop, tho I chose windowed mode.The clicking when starting the first fight is indeed oldskool functionality, but after setting it for all your characters once it's getting really easy in the next turn. You can easily review which character is left out from doing stuff in the battle turn.I've walked around in the first two areas in the game, fighting some, and just on novice level it's already challenging like it was on Wizardry 7. First hours will pass with trial and error.As I played W7 through twice, for me it's easy to get what's needed to do in a battle, but I'm sure for those who are new to this, it's rather cryptic with abbreviations. We need the manual ASAP.I recommend this for those who love the genre of oldschool CRPG's where it's hard to get along.The automapping is very well done.The graphics for monsters is really fitting the oldschool style, and I like them, cartoonish, just like it was back in the 90's.Here and there the graphics could be a little bit more polished, like the character's body color green is not my taste.But the tiles and the monsters are well done, retro!Music..well in that department I'm hesitant to say, but I find it mediocre. I loved the tunes in Wizardry 7. This one is okayish.Sounds: I like em so far. A little bit annoying sometimes, rather cartoonish again. But it fits well the aura overall (so far).I haven't had a crash yet on windowed mode luckily, and couldn't yet find a gameplay bug.Hopefully the little quirks on some machines are already ironed out or soon will be. From my perspective this is recommendable."
76561198017059009,Not Recommended,650670,34745746,Posted: 4 September,all,DrMadnar1977,"I wanted to like this game. I was looking forward to this game I love might and magic wizardry style games I own them all wiz 1-8 and might and magic 1-9 and that other one that is on steam though i barely played it lol.  Now this game I refunded within 2 hours. Why would i do that well basicaly because the interface, game balance, hud everything is so hard to belive this guy spent 20 years making it.  Maybe 20 years making the story and idea for the world I can see that but maybe 1 month making the game.  The interface and balance in wiz 3 or even Might and magic 3 is just so much better then this game and those games came out ages ago when i was a kid. I love dungeon crawlers but my god this game is so bad its not even funny. Maybe give him a few more years then maybe it will be playable All i will say is for $43 take it and spend it on something else dont waste your money here or if you do just watch that time carfuly because if you cross the 2hr mark you lose it and are stuck with this.  But all it wilkl take is 10 mins go through the inventory screen char sheet and such then pop in might and magic 3 or any wizardry game and do the same then you will see how inferior this game is this game is a clunky mess plain and simple."
,Recommended,650670,34098298,Posted: 8 August,all,TaciturN,"I have just finished Wizardry 6 and wanted to start 7, but the sudden release of Grimoire made me put such plans on hold. Grimoire does everything that made me love Wizardry games of the Bradley era, but does it better. It has the depth of 80s and 90s fantasy rpgs like RoleMaster, the challenging gameplay of classic D&D campaigns, and rampant imagination of a teenage Dungeon Master. It also has a dated GUI and swarms of bugs, but Cleve is keen on fixing his mistakes and updates the game almost daily. This game is a rough gem - buggy, but also addicting and full of content. Heck, I had more fun with character creation than many games nowadays."
76561198124058620,Recommended,650670,34028487,Posted: 4 August,all,mrmoniker,"This game is as if Wizardry 7's weird younger brother had accidentally stumbled into a cryogenic chamber and become flash-frozen for 25 years or so.  It's hard.  It's turn-based.  There is no manual.  You will have to trial-and-error your way through some things and save-scum to avoid losing your progress.  You will get your entire party killed by a worm or a mutant sunflower at the start.  And yes, it does appear to have a few glitches (random crash on viewing a member of your party, black screen when trying to view the game in a window).  To be honest, though, I haven't had the crash-on-view thing happen after playing for a little while, and playing in a window isn't exactly a top priority.  In general, the game looks good (for an early 90s style dungeon-crawler) and plays well.  It has that indefinable retro authenticity that so many other modern pixel blobbers seem to miss.  Is Cleve bonkers?  Oh, yes.  But did he manage to craft a compelling entry into the annals of turn-based grid RPGs?  Actually, yeah, he kind of did."
76561198040457010,Not Recommended,650670,35407872,Posted: 2 October,all,wizopizo,"I love wizardry. I love it so freaking much! I saw this and thought, wow this is a new wizardry of old!Now I know that people will bash me for only playing over 7 hrs but hear me out on this.I WANT to play the game is the key word. But when your saves randomly keep getting wiped from updates,and you don't know what some stats are or what they do, you kind of get annoyed. I progressed a bit yes, but this is the kicker, there is no manuel.Without a manuel, how would you have ever played the wizardry games of old? Not well. I would trade out the auto maping for a manuel. I can use grid paper, but without a maneul..... come on. I have waited for over a month now and there is still no maneul. At best this is early access.Why I state early access, bugs that re-set progress upon updates, no manuel, and no explination. Problem is that this game has been in developement for 20 years so... I don't think the early access tag would work.In conclusion, I wanted to like this game. It seems for me. But due to the fact that there is no rudementary manuel, I don't want to play it. I don't like that my saves get erased, and I do not like this enough to actually write a review. If you have a semi done manuel, release it. A maneul is not hard, but it is essential for some people who are not going to dedicate 10 hours just to figure it out. Those ten hours in my opinion, should be used for enjoyment and discovery. Not learning technicalities that should already be given by the developer."
76561198053585655,Recommended,650670,34022639,Posted: 4 August,all,DavidBVal,"(EDIT: be warned that this game is still undergoing heavy development and issues remain. Manual is still not out. My review below is about an initial run of 23 hours, but for now I'm waiting until the game is more polished and the manual is released. My review is positive because of the uniqueness of the game, but you must understand what you are buying.)Much like a Terminator, Grimoire has been delivered to you via a time machine straight from the 90s. Be aware that this is not a ""retro"" game made to look like the classic, it *is* an RPG from the mid 90s that arrives 20 years late. Some will not understand this and criticize the ""balance"", the UI or whatever, but if you know and love the genre, this is your chance to enjoy a gem that evolves diectly from Wizardry 7, ignoring the ""modernities"" in which dungeon-crawlers fell after it.This may also mean this game is not for you, so I advise to read various reviews and decide for yourself. I am a lover of the genre and I find Grimoire a blast, but as the game isn't cheap, I tried to put together a comprehensive review all things considered.The positiveFirst and foremost, the content is huge, detailed, and quite imaginative (and often funny). Cleve is a worthy heir of D.W. Bradley as a writer and designer; the flavor text feels like a treat every time I find a description.  Each encounter and short dialogue feels unique and pulls you in. They're very humorous and original and just like one would expect from such a work of love, it is full with small hidden details and surprises.Yet despite the above, the game doesn't lose focus on what really should be the center of it: exploration, mechanics and combat. that's where you'll spend 95% of the time, not reading. that's why you look forward to finding new lore in the game rather than feeling it's a chore.Character creation alone can entertain you for hours. Combat is tough, even on easy mode you'll die if you just default-attack the first monsters... but that's alright. It was the same in the last game I played (M&MIII) and this is not a ""retro"" game pretending to look like the classics: it is a game frozen in the mid 90s. You need to try your best to avoid dying quickly.The world is huge. 12 hours in, the Atlas tells me I've explored a 5% of areas. The first person that completed the game reported doing it in 90 hours, although he abused certain exploits (now fixed), so in the end completing Grimoire will probably take a few hundred hours to the average player.The negativeThe game sorely misses a manual: there's almost no information regarding how attributes or skills work, nor details about classes and races. I find myself making blind choices all the time. Damage penetration mechanics seem to be very frustrating in the early levels, making combat too slow. Hopefully, the manual (coming soon) will help with that. Still, the game should provide more information as contextual help, manual or no manual.Mechanics are very similar to Wizardry 6&7, but sometimes they're a bit wacky and pointless. This becomes more evident in the mid-game, when several areas come down to ""Oh, so you didn't cast Armorplate buff? then your chars die on every other hit"". While hard-counters are a mechanic I generally like, when it comes down to repeating a buff over and over it gets cumbersome and just not fun.UI is clunky and overcomplicated. Probably this can be easily solved with keyboard shortcuts, but only to some extent; a more modern UI with integrated help, more use of hover/right-click etc would make the game more enjoyable. In particular, the inventory ""bar"" is quite terrible.Some sound effects can get annoyingly repetitive during combat. Art has very variable quality; some of it looks amateurish (luckily for me I couldn't care less about that). There are some fullscreen/windowed mode problems; the changed option doesn't seem to kick in until I restart.I read other people is having trouble with screen resolutions; I am playing fine on a 1920x1080 monitor in windowed mode.On difficultyI've read some negative reviews from alleged old-schoolers mentioning how arbitrary and unfair is the difficulty... after less than one hour played. Hilarious. You need to learn the ropes to beat the enemies in games like this. Didn't you die a dozen times at the beginning of Wizardry 6? Please go back to Fallout 4 or Skyrim, where everything will gently scale to your level and nothing will disrupt your power fantasy.Still, it is a fact this game will need a lot of balancing and tweaking. If you want an easy start, choose ""Sanctuary"" as the default starting area in Settings, and make sure you read some of the guides about party generation (Cooper's one is brief and useful). However the best advice regarding balance is to wait for it to be fully completed. IMHO the wait is worth it.So, is this game for you?If you loved Might & Magic 1-5 and Wizardry 1-7, very likely this will feel like a miracle that will bring tears to your eyes; otherwise you'd just stare blankly at a screen wondering what the hell is this and why you keep dying. First look at the videos and screenshots, and if that doesn't push the right buttons for you, let it go. Sadly, incline is not for everyone. You had to be there, and all that. If you have never played the games I mentioned, it might be a good idea to play some of them first (they're very cheap nowadays). If you thoroughly enjoy older M&Ms and Wizardries, you might give this a shot.Certainly the game will need some time to go around all glitches, and very likely lots of balance and adjustments. But after 23 years of development and as a lover of the cRPG genre and its history, I want to be part of that voyage and I wish the developer the best."
76561198006617832,Recommended,650670,34034570,Posted: 5 August,all,Dayve,"Only played 55 minutes so far so I can't do a full review. This review is merely to state that I've had no technical problems whatsoever, no black screens, no crashes to desktop. Obviously some people did but I did not and I'm using a modern gaming PC, modern hardware, Windows 10.So what we have here is a classic old school dungeon crawler. It's fun, it's difficult, it's basically everything you want if you're a fan of these games. I'll edit this to a proper review in a few days when I have played enough to give one."
76561198021836427,Recommended,650670,34040275,Posted: 5 August,all,anthhopper,"Ok so there are a few minor issues, but nothing that is preventing me from having a, on the whole, great experience so far. Just be aware that this game wasn't made for the masses. If you're used to quest markers and having your hand held you may walk away thinking you've been robbed. If you long for the days when computer games felt rewarding then definitely give this a go.  I've been on 4.5 hours so far and it feels like I have barely scratched the surface. Can't wait to get back into it!"
76561197999661481,Recommended,650670,34071711,Posted: 6 August,all,Mortmal,"15 hours in 5% of the game completed i think i can write a little review. Not only there's a .exe in the steam folder but it works now, its already way beyond my expectations. No manual alas, and trust me its sorely needed.So the  developper is a huge ♥♥♥♥♥♥ who missed his deadlines years after years, yet when everyone lost hope  the promise is finally fulfilled.While its not a perfect game it perfectly nail the feeling of oldschool RPG, its the  best doing at that , no other games do it better, even sits or sword and sorcery underworld. There's a certain magic into this title , a labor of love done by a batshit crazy lunatic, odd to explainit ,  but i feel like 30 years younger playing this.There's not much competition amongst blobbers, barely any are made anymore, but it's more fun than elminage and stand the comparison with wizardry 6-7. Probably even better as it has a convenient journal and automap.For an oldschool player its well worth and half the price of what we were paying for such rpgs in the 90'sCould elaborate more but there's micro issues with my reviews, will update it Soon(tm)."
76561198025992797,Recommended,650670,34088693,Posted: 7 August,all,Sin (Iowen),"This game reminiscent of the early Wizardry series, which was a must-play back in the days of computer RPG awesomeness. For reference: Wiz-7 is my favorite game.Having spent a dozen hours with the title now, I'd say it has great bones and a fun world to explore full of traditional ""old school"" RPG/adventure game puzzles (where you have to use your brain to come up with interesting ideas to puzzles).  After a few patches (what modern game debut doesn't have Day-0 patches?) it is already shaping up to be a fun, and deep game.Combat can be unforgiving early on, which I can see might turn people off, but as you learn to better manage your skills and spell selection/usage it becomes less difficult.  Don't hold back - thats key.  If you see a NEW monster go for broke.  Don't be afraid to rest after.The UI could use a few tweeks for ease-of-use, though nothing is game-breaking at all.  I hope the UI gets a little love in some of the early patches.Game balance is off some at start - something a product tester or two could have figured out easily actually, but with this being a 1-man-shop I can see how some of the issues slipped through.  They'll get patched I'm sure ... especially with it being a 1-man-shop ... I cannot imagine someone devoting this much time to a game letting us trivialize the content with exploits/imbalance.Also note - the game world feels like it will be HUGE, but the game is TINY on your drive, and the system requirements are so low that you can take this almost anywhere, and play it on anything.I'm pro-Grimoire ... I can see myself playing this for a while, taking a break, and coming back to start over with a new set of heroes to try a different start (it has multiple starting locations with key items/secrets at each) for years."
76561198240922068,Recommended,650670,34030775,Posted: 4 August,all,lor1keet,"This game is EXACTLY what I have been looking for, for so long!It has some glitches, like crashing sometimes when clicking on a character's portrait, but the developer is working pretty diligently on removing these kinds of bugs.It is not an easy game.  In fact, it's pretty tough (if you don't recruit Rosy).  But, the game is an awesome challenge to any serious ""blobber.""  ;)"
,Recommended,650670,34075870,Posted: 6 August,all,Pookie,"I must preface this review by stating a large number of the negative reviews for this has nothing to do with the game.People from Somethingawful forums and Brokenforums have a vendetta against the creator of Grimoire. And many of them bought the game in order to give it a negative review and then refunded it. If you check the profile pages of the negative reviews, especially the top voted ones you'll often find evidence of affiliation with the aforementioned groups.The game did infact have bugs on release, but almost all of them have been fixed a few days shortly after. At the time of this writing i haven't encountered any myself so far.Now on to the actual review.Grimoire is not simply a ""Retro styled Dungeon Crawling RPG"" because it IS an old Dungeon Crawling RPG, as it has been in development for about 24 years at the time of this writing. And the time put into the game really shows despite the outdated graphics. There are hundreds of levels and countless secrets and puzzles. And tons of unique enemies. You can expect to have to face wildly different situations that will push your skill to the limit, and challenge the way you were playing the game up until that moment. This is not a casual RPG. This is the definitive Dungeon Crawling RPG. There won't be another game like this. ever. You'll have to settle for playing Wizardry 7 if you'd want a similar but more shallow experience.There are hundreds of spells and an incredible amount of intricacies for how skills and stats work. This game does not hold your hand. Some people call this the ""Dark Souls"" of Dungeon Crawlers. But plenty of people have actually mastered and beaten Dark Souls using simple methedology and memorization. This game will kick you in the teeth if you expect everything to turn out the same way over and over if you don't overplan.The Graphics and sound are decidedly dated, but there is a certain profound warmth and sense of mystery that it conveys, that modern ""Indie retro games"" lack. The only other games that have given me this sense of wonderment and adventure are Daggerfall and Rodina.I don't think there's a better time to play this game. There are no walk throughs yet, and no one is even slightly close to beating it.  If you venture far enough you are absolutely certain to uncover secrets no one else has. You will hear rumors that will be tested again and again and ruminated over for years.This game is a labyrintine story of epic proportions. And ultimately the game is very fun. I have never played a Dungeon Crawler before and never have considered playing one before. But this certainly opened my eyes up to the genre.Grimoire is nothing short of the greatest RPG I have ever played. The only game that has more complexity is Dwarf Fortress, and that game is procedurally generated. Grimoire is a handcrafted masterpiece."
76561198090696542,Recommended,650670,34094211,Posted: 7 August,all,shabba2,"What can I say? After waiting decades for this game, I am not disappointed. I couldn't care less about the folks who have downed or doubted it. All that matters is I get a taste of what I miss from the 90's. I also don't care about any drama related to the dev. It's a game folks and a damn good one. It's like Picasso: you either get it or you don't. If you don't, go away and let me enjoy it. It isn't perfect and has a bit of roughness to it. There have been bugs that, for instance, allow me to play the game one day and the next, it won't even load. But that's the nature of gaming. There have already been updates and bug fixes. As more and more people play the game, there will be increased awareness of the flaws, something Cleve has shown he is willing to fix. Just play the game and enjoy it. Worth every penny I paid and worth the wait.EDIT 9/5/17: I've played this game for longer than 22 hours. If it is possible, this game has gotten even better. The updates have helped immensely. I made my own party and it has made a world of difference in how far I have been able to progress. Reading some of the reviews also gave me some hints and I have to say, even at a higher than average degree of difficulty, this game just sucks you in. I actually play at work on my lunch hour to get my fill of Grimoire. The combat is still a bit wonky. I can fight a group of guards and destroy them but a gaggle of 3 bugs nearly decimates my party? That's a tad uneven but not enough for me to change my feelings about the game. I absolutely love it and make a point to de-stress after work with an hour or two every day."
76561197991068658,Recommended,650670,34073526,Posted: 6 August,all,bluewolf644,"Initial impressions:1st party wiped out by random encounter with 6 bugs.2nd Party fights 2 bugs in town and wins, but lost 2 spell casters due to bugs using ranged attacks.Party needed to rest, so they broke into a house and spent the night.Did not lock the door and 2 bugs come in and murdered my party in the middle of the night.Lesson: Remember to lock your doors before you go to sleep, it is a cruel world out there."
76561197993030957,Not Recommended,650670,34090162,Posted: 7 August,all,Lonetac,"I cannot currently recommend this game in its current state.  Since its launch, saves have been wiped several times, along with user created charactors resulting in the loss of many hours of play.There are numerous game stopping bugs that simply wont let you progress through the game.  The developer is constantly patching and breaking save games and other features and there is no steam option to roll back to a previous version like other games.If you buy this you are essentially playing an early access game that does not have all the features as they will be added later.  There is no mention of this in the store description.At its price tag and hype, its simply not a recommendable game to play right now.  In fact, 2 of the days since launch, patches have rendered the game completely unplayable for everyone (fights on every single step including when resting made the game broken and unplayable, has since been fixed but this is an example).  The patches are not tested before deployment and it seems the developer just updates at a whim without any testing.I admire his dedication and there certainly are a lot of fans jumping on the band wagon here but the criticisms are legit.  I like the game, i imagine that in a few months it will be very good.  But it in its current state, its a horrible mess right now with bugs everywhere and broken patches being released every day that reset your progress.  Teh game touts a 600 hour completion time but there are only 24 hours in a day before your game gets wiped again.This game should be listed as early access as anyoen buying right now is essentially bug hunting for the dev.  Nothign wrong with that but if i had known that before dropping my money, i would have waited.The beginning of the game consists of groups of enemies that are simply impossible to fight at level 1.  You will reload your save file after every single action you take because at any point in time one of these groups of enemies could spawn on you causing you to have to reload.  There are no tactics or party composition that will allow you to win, half your team will die and there is absolutely nothing you can do but reload.  Its not fun.  Its a reloading simulator.  Im a save scummer just like the rest and dont mind a reload now and then when a bad decision is made, at this point its RNG deciding if you should reload or not.  No amount of skill or knowledge will get you over this hump.  Im sure there is a lot to be had here but its pretty hard to get to the potential this game has to offer.I will update this review if the developer ever gets things ironed out and he is clearly dedicated to the game so i am sure it will happen.  But right now, avoid this mess.  Go play something playable."
,Recommended,650670,34174488,Posted: 11 August,all,JarlFrank,"Grimoire: Heralds of the Winged Exemplar is a very special game. Its creator is infamous in the RPG community for both his opinions and for taking an eternity to develop this game - and now, after twenty years, it is finally released. Many doubted Cleveland Mark Blakemore, but he delivered.And boy, did he deliver.Installing Grimoire and playing it for the first time feels like digging out some old floppy disks from the 90s, containing a game you for some reason haven't played yet, because Grimoire is - in each and every aspect - a 90s game. It's not just that its development started in the 90s, its entire design follows 90s game design principles rather than modern ones, which makes it an amazing game for those who grew up with those kinds of games. If Wizardry 7 and Might and Magic: World of Xeen had a baby, this would be it. This is pure 1990s dungeon crawler goodness, and if you enjoyed the old Wizardry and M&M games, you're going to enjoy this.Of course, this also means that it isn't a game for everyone. This isn't Skyrim. This isn't Baldur's Gate, either. This is a different, older form of RPG with a different focus and different sensibilities. This is all about exploring dungeons, solving puzzles, and leveling up your characters. You won't find deep conversation trees or anything like that. Talking to NPCs is, like in the Wizardry games, done by typing in keywords, and you have to find out yourself which keywords a given NPC responds to. A dryad in the woods might tell you something about the local druids if you type ""druids"" into the conversation window, but the dwarven weaponsmith in the city won't have a clue what you're talking about.If you were to compare it to some more recent games, you might be able to compare it to Grimrock and similar grid-based blobbers that came out in its wake. But this is, in my opinion, a much better game than Grimrock because the combat is actually good. The real time clickfest of Eye of the Beholder and its clones wasn't much fun in the 90s, and it isn't much fun now. Grimoire's combat is turn-based, which is a much better fit for this genre, and you get plenty of different spells and abilities to use in combat. You don't just attack with your weapon, you choose whether to smash, slice, or thrust. You can choose how much spell power you want to invest into the casting of each spell - the more you invest, the stronger the spell's effect. This game's combat is fun. Fighting boss enemies or large groups of foes is a challenge, and playing with the different effects you can put upon them is so satisfying. Your bard can put the enemies to sleep with a song, your cleric can summon an insect swarm that irritates and confuses your enemies, your wizard can summon a cloud of gas over their heads to make them nauseous... lots and lots of options.Some people have complained about the interface, but while it also follows 90s sensibilities - remember, the game's development started in the mid-90s - it introduces so many convenience features that I have to say it's one of the most comfortable to play games in its subgenre. You can automatically heal your characters after combat by clicking an ""autoheal"" button, which is so much more comfortable than clicking ""cast spell -> healing -> who?"" repeatedly. There's also an autowalking feature that lets you plot a course on the minimap, click ""walk"", and your party will walk to the target location almost instantly. This makes backtracking a non-issue as you can traverse a map in literally a second (note: to make autowalk this fast, you need to have the walking animation set to ""single step"" rather than ""smooth""). If you are annoyed by all the low level random encounters you come upon while backtracking to a previous, lower level area, you can disable random encounters entirely, too!The game also has its fair share of puzzles which might get you stuck occasionally, but most of them are easy enough to solve when you think about them for a while. Also, the game usually provides enough hints for you to understand what you have to do.Overall, Grimoire is thorougly recommendable. It feels like another early to mid 90s Wizardry or Might and Magic game: challenging turn based combat with many different spells to cast, exploration of dungeons with lots of secrets to find (and there are lots and lots of secrets in this game), and many fun ways to develop your characters and make them massively overpowered. If you enjoy classic blobber RPGs, do yourself a favor and play Grimoire: Heralds of the Winged Exemplar. This game is worth every penny."
,Recommended,650670,34041903,Posted: 5 August,all,Rostere,"The proverbial ""Incline"" is not only a buzzword employed at the RPG Codex: the inclining slope of a mountainside is a metaphor used in philosophy since times immemorial.“In a sense everything that is exists to climb. All evolution is a climbing towards a higher form. Climbing for life as it reaches towards the consciousness, towards the spirit. We have always honored the high places because we sense them to be the homes of gods. In the mountains there is the promise of… something unexplainable. A higher place of awareness, a spirit that soars. So we climb… and in climbing there is more than a metaphor; there is a means of discovery.”Escalating the incline is the archetypal example of struggle, and struggle is at the core of life itself moreso than anything else. An ""Inclined"" game like Age of Decadence or Grimoire offers resistance to the player, while rewarding those who overcome the resistance with the joys of exploration and the true feeling of achievement. Learning to appreciate true struggle is the sociological goal of a game, just like emotional catharsis is the goal of a narrative in drama.Both games and drama have been largely hijacked by exploitative interests peddling self-destructive thoughts, and now mostly replace the concepts of struggle and catharsis for cheap power fantasies (simulating the exertion of power without the requisite struggle) and emotional pandering (which gives feelings of reassurance to the morally corrupt instead of catharsis).In resisting these trends, a game of ""MASSIVE INCLINE"" like Grimoire ultimately symbolizes resistance to the decline of modern Western society, which is even more accentuated by Grimoire graphically offering a retrospective window to the past era of the 90s. It's no coincidence that the postmodernists flock to the reviews and discussion forums like hyenas. They feel that Grimoire is antithetical to their worldview, and they recoil from it like a vampire facing sunlight. Their ultimate goal can be interpolated to be the annihilation of all constructive, struggling forces, all duty and all responsibility, replacing this with their hedonist pink fluffy wishful thinking which ultimately is only a disguise for death itself, which is what life is when you remove the struggle.Accordingly, choosing the incline is not only a 36,99€ payment to Cleveland Mark Blakemore, it is in fact to choose life over death. Cultivating an indomitable will to ascend the Incline to the heavens is ultimately the best investment you can make, even though the screeching, indulgent crowd who follow the path of least resistance descending the Decline into that other place will try to drag you down and tell you otherwise."
76561197993612388,Recommended,650670,34074988,Posted: 6 August,all,Harry,"Finally after twenty or so years my search for a true and good follow-up to Wizardry 7 ended with the release of Grimoire.Yes!!! It is old-school. Really oldschool as oldskool should be :-) No fancy 3D♥♥♥♥♥♥like Bard's Tale will have in IV, no use of Unity, or RPG-maker. Anyone can make stuff with that and try to tell us it is oldschool. No way. What Cleve gave us is handmade, crafted with real love for the product, not with love for us, the backers, that I might say, still not having my Steam Key as Indiegogo-backer. But that I don't have that key yet is also an indication for Cleve's undying love for the product as he is still squashing out the last bugs moments after they are reported.So as for me: Thank you very much Cleve for making Grimoire happening!!!! Cheers.... and now send out those keys ;-) please :@D"
,Not Recommended,650670,35169395,Posted: 23 September,all,shikkadance,I love these type of games! I know this has many flaws and should be in EARLY ACCESS. I will not be playing it anymore till Cleveland puts more love into it. It is unbalanced and really needs a manual........which he promised weeks ago. I just hope its not 20 more years before we get it. We deserve a good game Cleveland! A lot of us paid 40 bucks for this. Take the money and finish this game already! You took our money...........now put your big boy pants on and finish the game!
76561198011890455,Not Recommended,650670,34517491,Posted: 26 August,all,Limitless22,"My very first review on steam!  There is a resolution issue: I cannot see the whole game and menu and click options that are near the bottom, I have no access to them.  I have tried many things and of the course, install and re install and yes, deleted the folder for a full install. the resolution issue truncates the screen... for example, I cannot scroll down to see what other items NPC have in shop;  I cannot read everything the game has to be told when discovering something of importance; I cannot use the two lowest icon buttons in game; you get my point.  I like the game because it reminds of wizardry series.  I do look forward to fixes.  I aslo notice, I am not able to make a few classes even if I have rolled the second highiest possible score when creating a champion and in the prefered race.  Also, I believe the ""hide"" option maybe broken because they can still be targeted by non spells?  For example, I have a whole party that can hide and still the front two champions are targetted.  I have high hopes for this game so as of right now, it's a bit buggy."
76561198332349345,Not Recommended,650670,34637922,Posted: 31 August,all,rpgleung,I have waited for the manual for 2 weeks after buying the game.Manaul should be ready when the game launched.I stop to play this game until the manual is ready.
,Recommended,650670,34037540,Posted: 5 August,all,Grundlehair,"Some technical issues for some people, but the game is brilliant.If you like the older Might & Magic and WIzardry games, you'll love it.  It is closest to Wiz7 both cosmetically and in mechanics.Best cRPG since Crusaders of the Dark Savant.Edit: After about 40 hours with Grimoire, I'm still loving it.  I haven't gotten all that far into the story because I keep starting over with new parties, but I'm finding every minute of it enjoyable.  It brings me right back to school days playing Wizardry.Yeah, there are balance issues, although the recently released V26 addresses a TON of stuff in that regard.  For example, resistances are working now which makes sleep no longer the single skill that can carry your whole party.  On the other hand, resistances are now working for YOUR party too, so it balances things out.  EXP gain and level ups have been rebalanced to give you a better sense of rapid progression early.Still the best cRPG since Crusader's IMO.  I've tried a few of the commonly referenced japanese alternatives and they just don't do it for me.  Seems they're focused almost exclusively on the mechanical difficulty aspect, like they're just combat simulators.  There's no ""soul"" or world building atmosphere.  Also, I simply cannot deal with things like limited save areas.  This kind of contrived time-sink is something I canont understand any defense of.Bottom line is my original impression still stands.  If you're a fan of Wizardry (especially 6-7 which Grimoire is an unapologetic love letter to) or the early Might & Magic games, only a laser-like focus on the mechanical flaws can possibly keep you from enjoying this game.  If you don't have any patience for restarting and/or are bothered by the unfinished crafting aspects or lack of manual, you may want to wait for V2.0 to drop in a couple months.  Other than that, this is literally the game I have been waiting for since the day I finished Wiz 7."
,Not Recommended,650670,34032337,Posted: 5 August,all,blight0r,"NOTE: This is a old school RPG, and while I'm giving it some slack (and not some slack) I think its important that you know that I wouldnt recommend this game for anyone other than those hard-core fans.  Pick up wizardy 5-6 for cheap - if you are OK with them, then read on, otherwise avoid.FIRST 4 HOURS IMPRESSIONSSo I've been playing a few hours now, and its mostly annoyance and a bit of a negative experience.  Its way way way to early to review properly yet, but I thought it would be good to post an first impressions.  Its not as great as cleve might say, but its not a complete wast of time.  Hopefully as all good RPG's, it improvesas you spend time with it.Positives so far:BLOBBER - Its a multi partymember blobber!STATS - Lots of statsSYSTEMS - A number of classes and a number of RacesGRAPHICS - Some of the sprite graphics are really nice.  Overall its a bit hit and miss, but I think its positive overall for my own expectations.SECRETS - Gotta love secrets.  Its one of the best parts of a blobber.Negatives so far:AUDIO - Audio just terrible and problems turning it offSTEAM - No steam overlay, no alt tabbingBUGGGY - game crashes, audio issues, quest item issuesVERY RNG - Starting areas on novice have random mob spawns that can wipe, ar at least kill one or two of your party (which is basically like a wipe for all intents and purposes, as you can just raise them back at the start).  RNG is also at play with bonus roll system, which is boring and a annoying mechanic that was left in the 90's for a good reason.SCUMM SAVING :( - Because of the above RNG, this game must be played by scumm saving - which basically means you save after each fight - there are a lot of fights.  It would of been nice to automate this like modern RPGs.CLICKFEST - Click your mouse to make the combat faster.  Otherwise its super slow.  Very annoying.MANUAL????? - Races, classes, attributes, skills, ect are all poorly described or not at all.  This has taken some of the fun of building a party and leveling them - I think this part is a suprising sin from the dev, as this is a key tenant to good old games being different to the multitudes of todays simplified wack-a-mole gameplay.  Reading up and studying these systems is a large part of the fun.   So it makes the game much less fun having these systems, but not being able to design a charaters (unless its super simple like a warrior or a mage) and make an effective party when you don't know what attributes do, the impact and relationship on them and skills ect ect.Hopefully the game earns a better result as we go, and I have this feeling it will.  I also have a feeling like I'm never going to be able to finish it due to bugs though, so hopefully its the former that prevails!"
,Recommended,650670,34048971,Posted: 5 August,all,Inanimate Carbon Rod,"Grimoire : Heralds of the Winged Exemplar is playable and fun but there are flaws. The game currently has many bugs, repetitive and annoying sounds, hard to read text, one horrible cramped interface, bad inventory, no manual (atleast for now), and lastly a steep price.Why do I recommend Grimoire : HotWE? Because its basically Wizardry/Might&Magic plus more and just as good as the games it draws it's inspiration from.So if you're like me and was dying for a fresh new Wizadry-like experience this is it, Grimoire will fill that void."
76561197974816421,Recommended,650670,34131023,Posted: 9 August,all,Cam Clarke,"As of 1.2.0.12 the game is still pretty rough around the edges, and some of the worse issues may give people considering this game pause, but once they're smoothed out you'll find an experience that is the true successor to Wizardry 7 that Wizardry 8 was not. To Cleve's credit, he is responsive, listens to feedback, and works quickly to try to fix said issues if the current version number wasn't already an indication. I expect the game will be fully stable before long.This game has been hit by Reddit and SA downvote brigadiers repeatedly for purely political reasons. The developer is not interested in political correctness. To translate for those unaware, this means he is at odds with the same people who go out of their way to make life difficult for those who do not subscribe to liberal ideology, and have artificially made this game's rating significantly lower than it should be. Some of the issues people are having with it are valid at the time of writing, but they are being fixed.The bottom line is, give this game until mid to late August to get the kinks fixed, and if Wizardry 7 and other blobbers are your thing, play this."
76561198023279995,Recommended,650670,34021151,Posted: 4 August,all,rickralsten,"Booted up and ran fine in full screen and windowed mode.I look forward to spending hours creating that ""perfect"" group tonight when I have time, so for now I just loaded up the premade party, walked around the starter area a bit, and fought a few low level monsters.If you're a fan of old school RPGs (or like me are old enough to have played them when they were releases), especially Wizardry 7, then this game will hit all the right nostalgia sweet spots.I'll update this review once I get some solid time into the game to see if it holds up, but overall first impressions are EXTREMELY positive. If this type of game is in your wheelhouse, then I think this is pretty much a must-buy."
76561197975760250,Recommended,650670,34064635,Posted: 6 August,all,Jinn,"Temporary review for the sake of Incline!Having an amazing time with Grimoire. The attention to detail, world design, mechanics, progression, writing, and combat have all been a joy to delve into and slowly begin to discover.Certainly there are bugs present and general improvements to be made, but Cleve is already releasing patches and earnestly taking suggestions to make his game better for all who care about it.If you're a fan of Wizardry 7 and games like it, you will love this game."
76561198072996902,Recommended,650670,34063260,Posted: 6 August,all,Doctor Sbaitso,"At long, long last it is here, and it delivers.  It's like opening a 20 year old time capsule, back to Wizardries of DW Bradley.  Forget the neo-retro fad, pixel art pretenders.  They pale and diminish in the presence of the real deal.What I love in a good RPG is whimsy, not tropey dead serious and menacing darkness.  This game has whimsy in spades.  If the trajectory continues and Cleve has brought his writing talents as I hope he has, this will be what we all look for but fail to find: the ability to relive our innocent experiences of wonderment of our earliest CRPG experiences."
76561197970711088,Recommended,650670,34140904,Posted: 10 August,all,Max Rebo,"This is surely an interesting game, fun, challenging, frustrating, entertaining, maddening.What to expect:Pro:Huge world, not sure about the 600 hours claimed play-time, but certainly a couple of hundred hours.Sense of discoveryFun PuzzlesGreat dungeon designHard encountersComfy graphicsNegative:Unstable, but after latest patch it seems we're good to goNo manual - but, this also allows for the community to work together to try to find out how things work. Manual is supposedly coming soonSome skills, spells, classes seem a bit unbalanced, you can choose to use or not use these. Will hopefully be balanced as time goes on.Sound effects looping, may be annoyingTips:Read the guides!Read the forums if you need help (here, rpg-codex, 4c*an /v)Do lots of saves, in different slotsBack-up your saves and Library files outside the Grimoire folderTurn-off auto-updatesPerhaps wait a week or two before buying the game."
76561198024000922,Recommended,650670,34056183,Posted: 6 August,all,BooMSticK,I have played the game for about 3 hours. I will update this review once I play more.I am enjoying the game so far. I am in my late 30s and I have been following Grimoire for about 5 years. It reminds me of the older dungeon crawlers I love. It is not without its issues. Some of the worse ones have already been fixed. Cleve appears to be making decent progress in resolving them and is very active in the discussions. He has been working on the game for 20+ years and is dedicated to make it right so I am not worried about the issues getting resolved.The game is hard. It doesn't hold your hand. There currently isn't a manual (Being worked on) or tutorial so you need to figure it out on your own. There are no quest markers or pointers to anything. I enjoy this cause it makes you think more and is just like the old school games.I have a few things I don't like but I can work with them:--Starting Locations: You have 5 to choose from. They vary greatly in difficulty and content.--Story: I like the short story you can read but when you start the game you have a party that wakes up and that's it. No direction on why you are here and where you are. There are dungeons and maybe a town nearby but no direction on story.--Manual: There is alot of content to the game. Right from the start you create your party and there are stats and skills that you have no idea what they do.--Character Creation: You can reroll your stats 3 times and you have to take the last one. The problem is you can just cancel and try again. No reason for the roll limit. I have played enough of these games to know there are specific starting stats and races to be able to play certain classes so I wasn't surprised when some were not selectable. To a newcomer it would be impossible to know this cause it doesn't tell you.If you enjoy the old school dungeon crawlers and don't mind an older style UI and playstyle then you will enjoy this game.
76561198053709888,Recommended,650670,34069827,Posted: 6 August,all,wallace8766,"My gaming started at Wizardry 1.Wizardry 7 is a good comparison for Grimoire.  Play Wiz 7 first, if you're on the fence, and never played anything like this.Puzzles.    Tough combat.   Joyous graphics for the era it represents.   It has made this 51 year old gamer cry fits of joy.Yes.   There are some things in the game that are broken.   They are being looked at on a daily basis, and updated promptly.There is a learning curve, and some things even a manual won't teach you.   It's the learning as you go, and making mistakes that form your fun factor.  If you don't understand this, and need something spoon fed with answered secrets left and right with quest markers, this game will not be for you.Grimoire forever."
76561198165356054,Recommended,650670,34139561,Posted: 9 August,all,cooleydw494,"This game is really cool if you like intricate RPGs that are DND-like and make you think, strategize, piece together plots/quests/mysteries. Despite the bugs, which Cleve is clearly working very hard on and has made serious progress on, I'd say if you really like this kind of game, definitely give it a try. I'm thoroughly enjoying it so far."
76561198017572234,Recommended,650670,34025272,Posted: 4 August,all,tch.hamel,Its not perfect but it does exactly what i want...be hard and fun as f***
76561198042628923,Recommended,650670,34155915,Posted: 10 August,all,Kloodge,"After a rough start, things have settled down and the game now seems stable. Restarting twice because of patches was not my first choice, but I now have a much better party after learning more about the game.I have never really liked playing more than 4 characters in a party, and never like phased combat. This game changed my mind on both of these. I am having a blast, even with some of the remaining rough edges and clunkiness.If you like the Wizardry games, this is a must-have. If you like RPG's in general, it is still worth the price, imo."
76561198078822038,Recommended,650670,34152917,Posted: 10 August,all,Grauken,"While there are a lot of options when it comes to block-mode dungeons crawlers (old and new), there are far less when it comes to non-real time options and even fewer when they combine dungeon crawling and open world design. Apart from Wizardry 7 the only others are the early Might & Magics, Fate and Dragon Wars and some of the goldbox games, yet none of them had the system complexity of Wizardry (combat, spell system, NPC interaction, character development, etc). Wizardry 7 is a classic because it stood in a league of its own (W8 is an evolutionary offshot, good but different), that is until now.Grimoire is a love letter to W7 that has learned its lessons but still strives to be more. The maps feel a bit tighter designed with more to do, the puzzles less obscure and where Wiz7 felt expansive with lots of empty wilderness, Grimoire just hits you over the head with content upon content.Mind you, it's not perfect, the UI takes some time to get used to, there is the occasional bug and balance is rough around the edges (also the art-style can be inconsistent, from monster graphics that look neat to some I couldn't stand). But overall it's charming as hell, plain fun to play and addictive as ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,650670,34040096,Posted: 5 August,all,nexusphere,"Yes, the creator is a crazy racist. Yes, the user interface is straight out of 1997.It doesn't matter, this is a brilliant piece of outsider art. The gameplay is solid. It's fun to find all the secrets and explore 100% of a map.If you've played and beaten other blobbers (Wizardry, Legend of Grimrock, Might and Magic) then this will be a great time. It (and its 600+ hours of content) are well worth the money."
76561198026221093,Recommended,650670,34059402,Posted: 6 August,all,FireBrand,"Be prepared for this game if you give it a chance, it's going to kick you in the teeth  then hit you while you are down.  It's very hard, but sure enough you push on and get a little bit stronger or learn a new battle tactic and get to that rewarding feeling these types of games used to give."
76561198010703016,Recommended,650670,34146425,Posted: 10 August,all,Ruinous,"Thirty hours in and its time to leave a review methinks. This is going to be a polarising game, if you like 'old school' games which require people to actively engage their brains to progress this'll be a blast. If you haven't any tolerance for midi music, 90s graphics and a UI which at times can be a bit frustrating you'd best be giving this a pass, or better still give the superdemo a try and see if you can handle the incline.I actually like the midi soundtrack and play on master difficulty for an experience which can be punishing but plenty doable. Its a steep but rewarding learning curve with lots of content thus far, smart puzzles and lots of secrets to uncover. I cannot speak to the advertised 600hrs of content but I'm inclined to becleve the dev on that, even if it isn't 600hrs I'll have had more than my money's worth out of the game well before then.As of the current version, the game is stable and the saves are working fine. There was a spot of bother with a previous patch which broke the saves, but this has been resolved."
,Recommended,650670,34061228,Posted: 6 August,all,That Alien From Commander Keen,I never thought it'd happen but Cleve has completely delivered and the game is everything he's been promising since 1997.A must have for any classic crpg fans.
76561197983062121,Recommended,650670,34129855,Posted: 9 August,all,oncepostal,"Good game.  Solo project so expect some hiccups, but the overall product is entertaining & challenging if you are a fan of this genre."
76561197970341827,Recommended,650670,34053234,Posted: 5 August,all,CTSxViper,I'm an old school gamer and am enjoying this so far. Finally got the resolution part straight and I understand the mechanic's now. I do think the price is too high though. But the old D&D games like Eye of the Beholder series was $40.00 too when released.
76561197989630256,Recommended,650670,34156749,Posted: 10 August,all,Noxxer2016,"good party based rpg, can make it easier on yourself if you recruit rosy or scum your start characters."
,Recommended,650670,34116498,Posted: 8 August,all,Mwen,"If you watched the video and like what you see but wonder if it lives up to the sales pitch, it does. It's a bit pricey, but it probably will be the last one of these old-school, detailed blobbers we get in our lifetimes. Party generation feels deep (unlike the newer, lighter blobbers I've played), and I felt like I knew these guys after the first few hours. If the rest of the game holds up, it probably will be one of those you buy and play on and off for years. I'm noticing negative reviews from folks who played like 30 minutes, complained about graphics/interface and then asked for a refund. Graphics/interface is pretty plain -- look at any screenshot and you know. I didn't know anything about this game until a few weeks ago and I'm enjoying it; some who don't care about it seem to want to take it down for kicks and giggles. If they played under two hours, they're probably trolling."
76561197970679463,Recommended,650670,34169650,Posted: 11 August,all,ironmaiden,"Thought it was time to finally post my thoughts on Grimoire.   We seem to be on a nice stable version .14 or .15.   I am one of the long time followers of this game.   It's been a long road waiting for it to be released.   My all time favorite RPG is Wizardry 7 Crusaders of the Dark Savant.   I'm a big fan of games like Might and Magic, Eye of the Beholder, Dungeon Master, etc as well but Crusaders is my favorite.If you ever played Wizardry 6 or 7 and want a true sequel to those games this is it.   In fact if it were legal it really should be called Wizardry 8.   Crusaders dripped with atmosphere and personality.   It was a tough game and a big game.   The sounds and images just stuck with you.Grimoire has great atmosphere and really sucks you in after a couple of hours of play.  In fact just creating your party will probably take an hour or two, again this is very Wizardry 7 like.   The gameplay is quite deep and layered and satisfying.  It's hard and it should be.   Plenty of puzzles and secrets too.If you are a younger person say under 30 or just never played these types of games back in the day, this may be a hard game for you to get into or understand at first.   What may seem like a tedious task or bad UI design is for the most part exactly the way it was intended to be.   There are some areas that can and probably will be polished/changed such as inventory management and more sound effects controls for monsters but for the most part this is the old school style of gameplay that I wanted.  It's very deep and satisfying especially if you just let yourself be immersed in the game and understand that the multiple clicks and long battles are part of the experience.To be fair there were a rough couple of patches in regards to a few bugs and savegames but the game appears to be quite stable after a few days and patches.   Mr. Blakemore seems quite engaged in squashing bugs and making the game better.    I can't say for sure if the game will take me 600 hours, but it is obvious from my small play time sample that it will at least take 200 hours bare minimum.   I'm not even out of the starting town in almost 9 hours and still finding stuff to do.Give it a shot and have fun.  In my opinion this is probably the last time a game like this will ever be released.  Sure there will be more first person rpg's or blobbers, but nothing on this scale with the old style of gameplay."
76561198021794395,Recommended,650670,34089573,Posted: 7 August,all,Furry,"The incline was real, and it is massive. Dont buy if afraid of heights.The sediments in my brain, a result of being force fed sheer stupidity for decades, are slowly cracking apart. It hurts. But for every hour played, im feeling more and more like my old self.Sadly there is also decline, but all in all, this is a very nice experience.Decline:- UI is even worse than your average late 90s rpg.- Gfx and animations could have been better.- No ingame option for resolutions yet. Have to change in windows, 1024x768 works nice for me.- Window mode=black screen- No alt-tabbing.- Update just (7/8-17) killed savegames, will likely be fixed and hopefully wont be an issue in future patches.- Didnt ship with a manual, nor a quick start guide. Its being worked on.Incline:- Massive gameworld to explore and get lost in. Probably the biggest game of its kind. I like how you have to piece together the story.- Have to figure things out for yourself like in the games of yore. Lots of mysteries and puzzles to solve. Secrets.- Nice atmosphere and great narration. Feels comfy, and... substantial. Exploring is actually interesting, unlike copy pasta games like elder scrolls or procedurally generated games.- Interesting conversation system of the kind where you have to figure out what to say and type in keywords.- Complex game systems allowing for many different stratergies and character builds.- Very challangeing.- Less bugs than Ultima ascension. While there are issues, it hasnt crashed once so far (15 hours)This is the genuine article, those new hipster ""retro"" games got nothing on this. Recomended for anyone in possession of patience and a functional brain."
,Recommended,650670,34045044,Posted: 5 August,all,buru5,"Move over Skyrim, The Witcher, Dark Souls, and any other RPG on the market. There's a new champion in town and it's called Grimoire: Heralds of the Winged Exemplar. The best RPG to ever grace humanity is finally here and it's glorious. Inspired by classic blobbers like Wizardry and brought to you in an amazing 90s-aesthetic, this is the ultimate CRPG experience. Over 20 years of development have resulted in this: the paragon of role playing excellence. And that is not an exaggeration. From the moment you boot up Grimoire and hear the ringing of .midi bells and horns you know you're in for one hell of a ride.After a short loading screen you're face to face with a beautiful menu, which along with everything else in the game is hand-drawn in amazing detail. From here you can jump right in with the ""Quick Play"" option or create your own party from scratch of up to 8 adventurers by selecting ""Library"". If you select the latter you'll find fully fleshed out character and party creation tools with over 10 playable races, 15 professions and countless skills to choose from. Once you've selected your character's specifics you're given the option to choose one of many lush portraits to represent your character. The game allows for up to 100 characters saved at any time. Using your imagination hasn't been this fun since you were 5 years old.Venturing forth into the unknown of Grimoire for the first time is a life changing experience. You'll find yourself face to face with a huge world, a beautiful customizable UI and endless possibility. You may find yourself in battle with a band of Rude Chaps, diseased from the bite of a Small Worm, ambushed by some Squirrels or even flirting with a Fairy within the first 5 minutes of your journey. And linearity is nowhere to be found. Want the Fairy to join you on your quest? Recruit her. The Fairy won't accept your romantic advances? Kill her. Choices abound. It's like real life but much better. Countless secrets to be found, many of which require the solving of some very complex puzzles. Using your brain is mandatory and taking notes is encouraged. The world feels limitless with over 250 maps, countless NPCs that you can actually speak with however you choose, literally thousands of unique items and hundreds of monsters to slay. You can even ride turtles and catch lyncanthropy. There's very little you can't do in Grimoire to the point where it outclasses all RPGs that came before it.Do you enjoy hand holding? Not thinking? Coasting along with minimal effort? Mediocrity? Having to use a guide every 5 minutes to figure out what to do? Quest markers? Linearity? Terrible voice acting? Graphics over gameplay? Decline? Then don't play this game. If you enjoy deep customization, using your wits, immersion, great 8bit music, beautiful hand-drawn artwork, truly open world experiences, real choices/consequences, MASSIVE incline and a damn good time then go ahead and purchase this game. Even if this is your first blobber. You'll still be playing Grimoire years from now."
76561198127878971,Recommended,650670,34060585,Posted: 6 August,all,turdsmcpoop,"A month in, I feel the need to completely re-write my review since I now know that 4 hours is far from sufficient to even give a cursory impression.  I am beginning to realize that this game really is as rich as Cleve said it is.  The prologue, alone, is a sprawling collection of dungeons (the size of any full dungeon crawler out there) that took me 70 hours to complete.  Then the game's more substantial part was open to me and my impressions of it completely changed.  Enemies were suddenly very tough and fearsome.  While once I had a spellbook loaded with different spells that I thought were useless, now I am scrimping to conserve mana because I just don't have enough counters to what monsters have been throwing at me.  While once I saw this as a nice little RPG with a wacky OP magic system that I was rapidly becoming bored of, I am now realizing it is a deeply-thought-out and complex game that has the potential to keep me engaged for the next few months at least.  Despite the rather clunky presentation, there is no question that this game is fit to rival any of the more well-known RPGs from this genre.  And even generally speaking, there is no doubt that more thought and care went into this game than any $60+ AAA crap fest released in at least the past decade."
76561198141462036,Not Recommended,650670,34126070,Posted: 9 August,all,ssh,"By far the the least playable game I've ever purchased from Steam. It  runs at 1024x768, and even then the windows and print are tiny.   No manual. No explanation of anything. Crashes constantly. Every update brings another set of bugs.  The graphics are from 1993. The interface is horrid. I can't believe someone took 20 years to create this garbage. To me it runs like a game an 11th grader created in a semester. I've been playing these games since Pool of Radiance. This is not a throwback to those games (unless you consider the lack of polish and clunky coding as a throwback). If you have nothing else to play wait for the next few updates then carefully consider buying it for around $10."
76561198022464527,Recommended,650670,34069683,Posted: 6 August,all,bfg9001,"(Steam only says 2.3 hours, but I'm playing from outside the client so I'm probably closer to 12 to 15 hours)This game is everything Wizardry 8 should have been. All of the old-school charm and complexity, but with a few modern niceties here and there, such as auto-mapping (a Godsend) and auto-healing. Combat has lots of depth and strategy, and levlling your characters feels like an absolute accomplishment.Looking forward to really digging deeper into Grimoire!"
76561198011982884,Recommended,650670,34070627,Posted: 6 August,all,Carlos77,"This is it. The spiritual successor to Wizardry 7, for the connoiseurs THE best cRPG of all times. It's real, it's playable and it's glorious. Should've come 15 years ago but that's the only downside."
,Not Recommended,650670,34080297,Posted: 7 August,all,Sterling,"I picked this up because it's been a long time since I played an old timey dungeon crawler and I was feeling a little nostalgic when I saw it under the new releases.  The price jumped out at me right off the bat, $35 discounted seemed steep but I guess if I get hours and hours of entertainment it'll be worth it, right?The graphics were a positive and a negative for me.  Most of the art seemed well done and looked good for what the game is, but certain parts are just sloppy.  The spell effects are lazy and doesn't fit well with the rest of the game.  Some of the character portraits made me laugh, for example what I assume are the Naga character portraits are an absolute joke.  Also I was walking around the Village of Crowl and randomly happen onto a random anime character, which is completely jarring and really lazy.  Lazy stuff like this popped up while I played but overall I enjoyed the artwork.  There's a lot of letterboxing in 1920x1080, which is pretty annoying.The sound is horrible.  The sound effects during combat are the stuff of nightmares.  The enemies have a single sound effect that loops incessantly throughout the battle to the point that it was driving me crazy.  A lot of the enemy sounds don't make any sense either.  For some reason the rats in this game growl like lions but squeal like rats when you kill them.  Not to mention that half the human NPCs I met either kept screaming ""YEAH"" at me over and over again or were repeatedly making some ridiculous sounding chant.  The music isn't all bad but even in some points where I spend a lot of time in one place (ie. character creation) the same track will loop over and over again to the point of driving me insane.  I don't think I've ever played a game where the sound alone was bad enough that I can't even imagine being able to play it anymore.  It sounds like a 12 year old discovering open source sound was put in charge of this game.The gameplay is another mixed bag for me.  At it's core, I think the dungeon crawling feels good and satisfying.  The interface is non intuitive, a lot of the functions aren't explained anywhere and have to be self taught.  On that note there is a TON of stuff in this game that isn't explained anywhere.  Not in a manual, not on a wiki, not in a tutorial.  I like difficulty, but a good difficulty to me isn't banging my head against a wall trying to figure out basic functions.  Good difficulty isn't getting party wiped in the starter areas and having to reload over and over hoping to get lucky and not get a random monster encounter that is near impossible to beat at that point in the game.Overall, I don't think this is a very good game.  Not at $40 and not at $10.  At $10 it'd probably be worth a buy just in case you can look past all of the lazy, sloppy parts of this game and enjoy it for what it is.  For me, this one is going back to the store."
,Recommended,650670,34071943,Posted: 6 August,all,Devnant,This game allows you to ride on turtles and that's everything I need. 11/10
,Recommended,650670,34178195,Posted: 11 August,all,blizzardmetal,"I'll start right out and say it. I simply love this game. I haven't followed the development for 23 years like some, but I have been playing CRPG's since the early 90's. When I saw this in the upcoming section on Steam, I knew it was one I'd be looking forward to. Fast forward several months, several delays, and a bad launch...and here we are!A lot of the early negative reviews have little to do with game play, but some problems with the first couple patches. Those items have been settled and Grimoire can be fully enjoyed now. When I say enjoy...this game is truly a labor of love. You have to be able to appreciate the TRUE old school interface, music, and aesthetics to get full enjoyment. If your experience with RPG's is limited to Dragon Age, Skyrim, and The Witcher, Grimoire probably isn't for you. If you long for the days of Might and Magic IV-VII and Wizardry (any of them, really), then Grimoire is up your alley.You may get put off at first by the inventory management and a lack of explanation of certain skills and characters. This should be helped by the forthcoming manual. However, if you just take your time to build a couple different parties, explore the world and experiment with characters, items, dialogue, etc...then you'll get the hang of it. Personally, I don't really need a manual at this point, after successfuly traversing the first few dungeons and the first town.Grimoire will punish you for foolish gameplay mistakes, however there is plenty of customization with difficulty and the rate of encounters...something a lot of the old school games did not have. There's auto mapping, the ability to note maps, safe havens, a world atlas and a journal to help you along. The journal is especially helpful, as learning Grimoire is akin to learning a second language. Literally....keep a thesaurus around. Cleve Blakemore's venacular is quite exquisite, and something I haven't seen in games too often.What's the best part of the game? Honestly, it's the amount of variety in the game. You see plenty of RPG's that have the same looking dungeons, NPC's and towns over and over again. Everything that I've seen so far is intriguing and wants to keep you exploring. Obscure puzzels, traps, riddles keep you thinking and on your toes. This sort of depth is rarely seen in games. A lot of newer game ""depth"" or length involves doing the same thing over and over again (exploring caves in Skyrim, for instance), but from what I've seen in Grimoire, that isn't the case.I recommend Grimoire wholeheartedly to the old guard! This game IS an absolute treasure. The likes we haven't seen in decades, and perhaps the last of its kind.Edit: so many triggered babies trying to ruin the fun."
76561197982844462,Recommended,650670,34118740,Posted: 8 August,all,brassi77,"This game is like Wiz7 but better.  The UI and controls are streamlines and it plays really fast.  All the content is there you could want.  I cannot recommend this highly enough to people who love rpg blobbers.  The character development is on the lite side, like with Wiz7, and could use some plusing up, but other than that it is fantastic."
,Recommended,650670,34042095,Posted: 5 August,all,Crayon-Sha,"The glitches which the initial reviews talk about have been fixed. There are some minor issues that I expect will be changed soon such as music levelling too quickly, but I haven't encountered any bugs which cause the game to crash, or make it unplayable.I'm enjoying the game so far. This review was really only intended to offset the early negative reviews.*EDIT*There were many complaints about Cleve making changes that affected which saves from whatever version could and couldn't be loaded. There was a lot of turmoil, but everything seems to have settled now."
76561198095744054,Not Recommended,650670,34081878,Posted: 7 August,all,Brightside,*UPDATE*Upon writing this review the developer has broken the game even more with his updatesWanted to like the game but developer consistently puts out new patches that break previous content/saves with no ability to rollback to previous versions. Avoid this for a few years until its out of its current beta phase.
,Recommended,650670,34029379,Posted: 4 August,all,Geewoody,"Grimoire is overflowing with secrets, puzzles, flavor text and more. In fact, it is so jam-packed with these things that it actually distinguishes itself from the dungeon crawlers of yesteryear it takes inspiration from, making it a unique, enjoyable experience to play in it's own right. If the crawler genre appeals to you, Grimoire should be a no brainer."
76561198080087302,Recommended,650670,34036415,Posted: 5 August,all,luj1nbg,"Old-school blobber goodness!First of all, potential buyers should know this game is getting its rating bombed by politically motivated SJWs who are stalking the developer for his personal views and bought the game only to assign it a negative rating before getting a refundI can personally attest this is seriously the best blobber since Wizardry 7, even surpassing it in some aspects. This game boasts a charming retro style, challenging gameplay which will push your wit to its limits and incredibly deep character building. There are no walls of text in this game, the writing style is measured and humorous. It took me more than a week to finish the region featured in a demo released few years back whereas the full version has several of these regions which are rife with dungeons and take forever to explore. There are also numerous puzzles, riddles and secrets. Given the huge scale of the game I suspect one won't be playing much else for awhile. The obscene amount of stuff there is to do in this game and time spent on party analysis fully justifies the price in my opinion."
,Recommended,650670,34073232,Posted: 6 August,all,yamamushi,"It should be pretty obvious from the screenshots on the store what this game looks like, don't expect anything as nice looking as Legend of Grimrock.I wandered into hearing about this game a few months ago, so I didn't have the fortune of following along with all of the development and its history. So I won't comment on it, as it's not really relevant.I'm playing this game on my Macbook using Wine, and I've noticed no issues so far (after fidgeting with Wine's window settings). The one downside of this is that steam won't record my game time because I've had to estimate that I have somewhere like 20-24 hours logged so far.I am constantly surprised by all of the little details in this game. It's had me glued to the screen since I purchased it, and since I got a grasp of the mechanics it has had me looking forward to where it's going to go.It's not going to have the greatest graphics, soundtrack, sound effects, whatever. However, It's a long game to sink some heavy time into, which is exactly what I was looking for when I purchased it. So I would recommend this to anyone who just wants to dive into a really long dungeon crawler."
76561197997647967,Recommended,650670,34019778,Posted: 4 August,all,oldmanpaco,A game so epic it redefines what epic means. A game so profoundly important you will understand what trifling nonsense day-to-day worries and even world politics truly are. Grimoire is like a portal to a new glorious existence of light and music and afternoon sex. Oh god its Heavn!
76561198024301834,Not Recommended,650670,34083371,Posted: 7 August,all,TheronGodspeed,"Original Review Below...which was glowingly positive.But, FFS, my saves have been wiped TWICE in THREE days.Apparently, Cleve thinks we should start over every time he updates...SMDH.20 damn years and the save system doesn't work?!Wake me up in another 20 years, I guess.***Absolutely Wonderful Stuff! Seriously. I have a ton of games on Steam, but this might be the best one!The rather enjoyable (but infamous) developer (Cleve) has been quick to smash bugs and communicate with the community.I'm not sure what more I could could ask for from a dungeon crawler.Again, this game is crazy good!"
76561198179372866,Recommended,650670,34036106,Posted: 5 August,all,mustawd,"Great blobber fun.Gorgeous visuals.No game crashing bugs since first patch and little glitches here and there I expect to be fixed over time.Price is a bit too high for an old game, but value seems to be right on target.Recommended."
76561198042023990,Recommended,650670,34034772,Posted: 5 August,all,Phantom Smile,"I'm not running into bugs.I felt like I need to post that first.Only a few hours in, but so far the wall/tilesets and overall art is beautiful. The narration is spot on. Combat is challenging.I absolutely love skills leveling up as you use them in a game like this. Tough enemies become progressively easier and easier as you continue wiping them out.I might do a more indepth review once more is learned about the game, but as of right now the price tag is right if you are into these games. You really have to be into them. Grimrock babies go home. xoxo"
76561198023404474,Not Recommended,650670,34367590,Posted: 20 August,all,NightCrawler,I'm not going to recommend this game for the fact that after 20 years it should be done as in done!!! It's not!!! Thanks for nothing Cleveland.
76561197984269843,Not Recommended,650670,34567825,Posted: 28 August,all,jinnantonix,"Insanely hard, impossible for the casual gamer without a manual (which doesn't yet exist).  I felt bad because I gave Cleveland hell about being so late.  So I bought it.  Guilt is a horrible thing.  Asked for a refund very quickly.  It just isn't fun."
76561198036842495,Not Recommended,650670,34256288,Posted: 15 August,all,zzxxccvv951,"After I purchased this game, I can only successfully enter this game ONCE! for the other times? its just a black window there, and everytime I waited like more than 3min, its just still there, no game content appeared!I PURCHASED THIS GAME AND I CANNOT EVEN PLAY IT!"
76561198087863312,Not Recommended,650670,34381526,Posted: 20 August,all,Ero,buy wizardry instead
76561198030751633,Not Recommended,650670,34090509,Posted: 7 August,all,Joshybones,"DO NOT BUYI complained about clunky mechanics in a discussion forum and was permanently banned from the discussion boards by the developer.If this game has 600+ hours of gameplay, only about 90 minutes of it is likely to be actual storyline related, as battles take 10 minutes+ each.It is unlikely that anyone will discover how long the game actually runs, as in-game saves have apparently all been overwritten and corrupted, and will likely be overwritten and corrupted after any and all patches."
76561197995695177,Recommended,650670,34043112,Posted: 5 August,all,eqtrib,"So far so good, and so hard!"
76561198115454611,Recommended,650670,34022746,Posted: 4 August,all,Lady Error,"If you like classic RPG's like Wizardry 7, this game is for you. If not, don't bother.I played earlier versions of Grimoire and enjoyed it a lot. It is complex, huge, unforgiving at times and takes time to figure out and become good at. All positive things in my book.I recommend turning off smooth scrolling until the turning animation is fixed."
,Recommended,650670,34019510,Posted: 4 August,all,Dougie Jones,"This is temporary will update when I've put more time into the game and explored the new content, played the Super Demo for over 80 hours so know the game pretty well. If you were a fan of the Wiz/MM franchises then getting this is a no brainer, also after 3.8 hours of game time I have not experienced any of the issues other users have listed besides the games display not fully stretching and a mouse issue I was able to resolve by turning down the polling rate. *Edit* Cleve patched the issue many had with crashes shortly after release."
76561198059740220,Recommended,650670,34031671,Posted: 4 August,all,BigRowdy,"Honest Review Before I either Keep it or refund it.Note 1 Grimoire full release 41.1 MB. SuperDemo 46.6 MB.  Hmmmmm....Note 2 Grimoire full release No Fullscreen..less than optimal display. SuperDemo full screen supported display much better looking. In other words the configuration for scalining in the full game does not work in the Fulll releaseok. Someone just informed me that I was not looking at the compressed size. Turns out the Full release is bigger.Obviously i'm keeping the game. This is the stuff I like. So far i have died repeatedly and its quite frustrating. But that doesn't mean I'm changing my recommendation just yet.  Review will continue.Yeah I like it, but I'm old school. Wish the final release looked as good as the super demo.Been playing quite awhile now. Almost at a point where my characters level up. Gonna see how that goes before I start a new game.To be fair, I was probably the first person to get perma banned on the steam forums. But honestly this game is a great sequel to wizardry. Now I wish Cleve would un-ban me so I could give some positive comments. BTW crow is not very tasty.Ok, the more I play, the more I like it. Of course it helps that I have leveled up 5 of 8 characters.Now 17 hours in I am ready for the green hand gand. but I wont give any spoilers.I have had exactly one crash. No other problems.Now that I've figured out the mechanics I LOVE this game.I now know hoe to survive and level my party to 3rd level before taking on the dreaded green hand gang, I wont give any spoilers..I just played 11 straight hours and am going back in. I remember cleve posting about hearing the midi music in his head...I know what he's talking about now lol. But it's a good thing.As usual the public begged for the release and are acting like spoiled little brats because there are errors. I just got my game messed up by a patch but I knew the risk I took when playing. I choose to take it like a man. It's a great game..I can wait."
76561198028882626,Recommended,650670,34069112,Posted: 6 August,all,Oni,Brilliant return to oldschool goodness. Ignore the kiddies not even born when this started. Instant classic that will no doubt be the most magical rpg of the century.Oozes atmosphere and style and charm. No handholding and no corporate ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t fairy story. 10/10
,Recommended,650670,34021165,Posted: 4 August,all,RevCo,"Not a lot of games in this niche, so I'll take it how it is and wait for further enhancement. Lots of haters because of the delays in release, but if you like blobbers, Wizardry 7, or like classic RPGs, this is the one."
76561197970554524,Recommended,650670,34033831,Posted: 5 August,all,basvz,"After 20+ years in development (a new Guinness World Record, congratulations Cleve) Golden Era deemed Grimoire finalized enough to unleash it upon the unsuspecting world, on a Friday naturally. With the countless missed release dates who would have thought? Even for the veteran supporters this was a genuine surprise. The game still has some (very) rough edges but is honest and proper oldschool. Some assembly may be required, settings wise, the UI is functional at most, the music can get on your nerves, and their is no handholding AT ALL. So if you need that in your games look elsewhere post haste!Right now there is no manual but according to reports from the fontlines a rudimentary V1 version may be out next week, presumably next Friday. So at the moment, even if you are a battle hardened oldschool blobber connaisseur, it will take some time to get a grip on the mechanics in Grimoire. But for the real RPG players this will just add to the challenge.Talking about challenge, on anything above the novice difficulty this game will be brutal. So basically just as it should be. From what i have seen sofar (and i played the SuperDemo before this retail version) the game is incredibly rich in detail and possibly the one true successor to Wizardry 7. If you liked that game you will like this. Otherwise look for something else, there are plenty of games for casuals on Steam. At least that is what i heard."
76561197970847046,Not Recommended,650670,34085630,Posted: 7 August,all,CHV,"Patches that invalidate savegames, huge balancing issues (extreme difficutlty on the one hand, OP bard class on the other hand). Bugs, no manual and no explanation of game mechanics. This game should be in early access."
76561198177177486,Recommended,650670,34028941,Posted: 4 August,all,Gregz,"Intriguing depth of character creation, abilities, stats, spells, itemization etc. There's lots of potential here, but the UI needs an overhaul for larger screens. I was straining to read the text. Full screen mode is not yet alt-tab friendly, which is a serious problem.I'm going to shelve this for a few weeks until the bugs and UI are ironed out. I sincerely hope that Cleve addresses the usability issues, most of the refunds he's seeing right now are from bugs and UI problems. If he fixes the big ones (80/20 rule) I think Grimoire will really take off.TL;DR -> There appears to be a lot under the hood here, but the UI is too byzantine and eye-strain inducing for me."
76561198054585747,Recommended,650670,34030767,Posted: 4 August,all,Salty_gamer,"Spend a half an hour creating a party (Could have spent hours to be honest), spawn in the game, have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue what I'm doing, entire party is wiped out by wandering bandits in minutes.10/10 will attempt to git gud"
,Recommended,650670,34013877,Posted: 4 August,all,rook295,"This is an old-school game with everything that entails.It's highly complex with an archaic interface and little to no handholding.If, however, you're looking for an old-school game - if these points are features, rather than flaws - there's nothing like Grimoire.Unfortunately, it is currently very buggy. Saving constantly and following user advice can only reduce this inconvenience, not cure it.It is still, in my experience, definitely playable - I haven't encountered any hard blocks.If you are interested in this genre, and are willing to put up with bugs or wait (probably a long time) for patches, Grimoire is definitely worth it.UPDATE: Patch fixed most of the crashes I encountered. Very smooth experience now. If you were on the fence before, go for it."
,Not Recommended,650670,34014643,Posted: 4 August,all,Vulkax.,"The game crashes on launch, when it doesn't crash on launch it crashes on any menu button being pressed, and when you actually get into the game it just doesn't work, maybe in a few patches this game will be worth it but currently keep away."
76561197972271226,Not Recommended,650670,34020839,Posted: 4 August,all,Grimshackle,"Wow...I played the hell out of Wizardry VII back in the day, and even though it is by no means a perfect game there are things to like about it, such as a good interface and a fun visual aesthetic.Grimoire, which is clearly meant to be a spiritual successor to W7, doesn't even have that. I can't speak to the difficulty; I only got 40 minutes and one fight into the game before the jarring, color-clashing graphics, terrible character art, clunky interface, and NONSTOP enemy chanting made me pretty certain that Grimoire is a hot disaster. I'm a software developer and I spotted about 5-6 poor interface design decisions before I made it out character creation menu. Unless you DESPERATELY want to play a second-rate verson of Wizardry, avoid.PS $40 would be an insulting price to ask even if the game was recommendable. As it is, it speaks to a startling disconnect from reality."
76561198006562040,Recommended,650670,34055456,Posted: 6 August,all,Denzer,A game only a sape could hate.
,Recommended,650670,34019160,Posted: 4 August,all,ashran,"Okay it's my first review of a game ever. It will not be long, as I have not played a lot nor been far into it yet (heck my characters are still level one :p) It will only be my first impression, and they are good, indeed.First a bit of background about me. I am an old school player, I started gaming on computer with wizardry I and bard tales I. You can tell from that, of course I enjoy this kind of games. I will not say (yet) this is the funniest or best game of that kind, but it looks really promissing. (for me the best would still be wizardry VII).Everything here looks thought for old schooler, the graphics, the gameplay, even the music. It's not a bad thing in itself as nowadays, that kind of game is almost extinct. It's quite a pleasure to finally play this game :)"
76561198051045917,Not Recommended,650670,34063710,Posted: 6 August,all,robinofthewood,"UPDATE : Sadly, I need to update this review and change it to NOT recommended.After initial couple of hours and first few areas, the balance issues start to show. The game is poorly balanced (XP awarded for monsters is a joke for example), some repetitive things start to show as well (chests loot for example)... It's also unfinished (except the first few areas). Some stats/attributes don't do a thing (reading around forums, other players recommend just pumping Speed stat so you strike first :) ).Also, still no manual and taking into account the developer's history - there will be awhile until we finally get a manual.Anyhows - changing to not recommended. For now at least.======================MY ORIGINAL REVIEW:======================Well, for starters, we all know that developer of this game is ... , well, ... he's not the nicest person on this planet. He's actually a real ... oops... won't go there, but you can imagine what I wanted to write :)Because of that, I really, REALLY wanted to hate this game, so I can refund it and leave a negative review. But I can't. I'm pretty honest guy IRL so I will write this :No matter the developer's behavior, this game is good. This is, if you are into 90's RPG's of course. If you are a fan of Wizardry 7, then you'll love this game. It's deep, it's detailed... lots of content. And it ""pulls you in"" if you know what I mean.If you are looking for shiny realistic 3d graphics, easy to play game that doesn't require actually using your brain, then avoid this. It's not for you.So, if you can ignore the fact that this developer is an ... well, not nice :) ... and you don't mind giving him your money, then yes, this game is worth the 40$ he's charging.Was a very hard decision to take my wallet and give this guy some of my hard earned, ... but I don't regret it.There. I wrote it."
76561198005185927,Recommended,650670,34199337,Posted: 12 August,all,Toonicker,"Amazing game. I've been playing video games since the late 1970's, this one brings me back in time and when I load in to play it I'm completely immersed.I can honestly say a game hasn't pulled me in like this one for awhile now and It's pretty much everything the Developer said it was, I honestly had no idea this game was even being made and I didn't even know about it until 2 days ago when I saw it pop up on the front page of my steam account and when I saw it was inspired by games like Wizardry, Dungeon Master and the like I went and did some research on the game and looking past some of the negativity I was reading about it I decided to have a look, It's a good thing I did! it was worth every penny and thats something I can't say about most games on the market these days.This game is by no means perfect but then I've never seen a perfect game, but it has personality and thats what hooked me. The developer updates this game like crazy too and I'm patiently waiting for the manual as this game is very deep but has no tooltips to explain stats and how they work but honestly I love the way this game just throws itself at you when you load in for the first game.If you like old style dungeon crawlers give this one a shot. It might just hook you like it did to me :)"
,Recommended,650670,34138569,Posted: 9 August,all,Combiner,Incline!
76561198001781753,Recommended,650670,34018312,Posted: 4 August,all,sbalcanski,"Like many, I have waited many years for Grimoire. I have waited many years for a spiritual successor of D.W. Bradley 's Wizardry 6 & 7, and Grimoire is finally here.Even with some ?BUGS?, my experience with the superdemo from 2015 gives me enough confidence to warmly recommend the game to any old school RPG connaisseurs, or to anyone who wants to travel in the past and delve in a world of high adventure."
,Recommended,650670,34043337,Posted: 5 August,all,Pantsu o Taberu,Probably the best game to come out in the last 20 years.
76561197979777078,Not Recommended,650670,34116373,Posted: 8 August,all,CoyoteTheClever,"The lack of support for different resolutions is among the particularly inexcuseable sins of this game. It certainly has its merits, but at this stage in development, it is not something I could ever recommend."
76561198030746271,Not Recommended,650670,34074592,Posted: 6 August,all,Tegga21,"amazing game andIgnore the forum trolls, feed your inner gamer.*hundreds* of hours of gameplay; multiple playthroughs, multiple difficulties, cross-classing and more!EDIT: Editing the review 9/16Changing this to a negative, at least temporarily1.  No manual 5 weeks after dev said it would come out, not even a definitions list2.  Dev deleting posts he doesn't like, even if they arn't 'offensive'3.  I still cannot play my game *sadface* because multiclassing doesn't work(you don't gain new class abilities)4.  This means you can only be a class you can start as, which removes and limits many races/classes5.  Empty area's, friend of mine was talking to me about some area's/dungeons that are nearly empty/unfinished"
,Not Recommended,650670,34152236,Posted: 10 August,all,MechBFP,"Cleve is more interested in banning people and calling them names in response to any criticism, then actually doing something useful like finishing the manual (which still isn't out).Game has not been updated in weeks either. Originally it looked like Cleve would fix the many issues with this game, but it is apparent now that this is no longer going to happen, so I can no longer recommend it."
,Recommended,650670,34024142,Posted: 4 August,all,Joseph Joestar,"cons:no way to alt tab out of fullscreenwhen particle effects are on screen the mouse lagspros:an actual challengefeels like a game from around the late 90'si have more to say but there is a few micro issues that i have to fix before i can finish my review, im sure it will be out by next week."
76561198071814051,Not Recommended,650670,35122400,Posted: 22 September,all,Tit Mouse,"Rubbish, I tried and tried to like it but..... nope."
76561198007701981,Not Recommended,650670,34173153,Posted: 11 August,all,chris.hefferin,"Slow, clunky, bugged and lost saves.I've started this game a couple of times now and both times after a few hours of play the game is updated and the saves no longer work. Then there is the user interface, it is horrifically bad, eveything is just slow, clunky and not intuative. It's been a while since I have seen a game so unready for a public launch. I can not recomend this game in any way shape or form."
,Recommended,650670,34038799,Posted: 5 August,all,thenoble1,"The incline has arrived. Gone are the days of no new blobbers to hold you over. Grimoire is dense, satisfying, and has left my sape brain dripping straight from my audioholes."
76561198072855592,Not Recommended,650670,34260148,Posted: 15 August,all,Buddah Stalin,Decline
76561198018188257,Not Recommended,650670,34029894,Posted: 4 August,all,jordan.ward,"EDIT: I am changing my review rating to Not Recommended.--------------------------------------------------Updated Review Content--------------------------------------------------The game is enjoyable for me despite the UI not being that clean, and despite the rampant balance issues. I appreciate the nostalgia, and the effort that was put into the game.That said, I am changing my review to Not Recommended because the developer, Cleve Blakemore, is proving to be ridiculous to his paying customers. Look around and you'll see his childish responses to people who give their honest and perfectly justified reviews with many valid, logical points regarding areas where the game could improve. This is not how a free market for buying games works and Cleve is trying to be a dictator about who says what in regards to his game. I would not encourage people to financially support this. Find another game to buy.Cleve has been banning people from his Steam discussions page and deleting posts from people who are being legitimately constructive in their criticism. Cleve trying to artificially control the public perspective on his game by trying to make it look like everyone loves it unconditionally via ensuring the only public discussions/reviews you see on his store page are positive.Hey Cleve, just telling people ""this game is not for you"" when they give meaningful feedback and dismissing them entirely - that isn't a justification for your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI design and overall terrible controls. I deal with it because I enjoy the rest of the game, but you are completely off base here and it's obvious you are incapable of receiving constructive criticism.You can try to hide the fact that your game has problems, but gravity doesn't care what you think - it just is.--------------------------------------------------Original Review Content--------------------------------------------------My first couple hours of play were not in the Steam overlay, so game time is not reflective. No crashes yet as I waited for patching.  Win 10 desktop, gtx 1070,  i5, 32gbI've been waiting for this for a while, but spent most of today waiting to see if the game would be patched. I watched some of the live streams today, followed bug threads, and generally tried to just get as much info about the released product as I could. Things seemed stable so I purchased for my Win 10 desktop and had no problems getting in, creating a party, and going through 20 or so battles. Love the look and feel.Is the UI clunky? Well, absolutely yes. Is it bad? ehhhhh I don't feel THAT much more taxed on the clicking side of things than I do with Wizardry or classic Might & Magic. It's certainly not as polished because #1manTeam, but it just doesn't bother me that much.My game started in the Eerie Wastes. I ran into a fight with like 6 bats and got destroyed and it was awesome. I started over and made a couple party adjustments and I expect that once the manual is released, there will be plenty more of that to come. Casters always start out with low hp but in this game it seems particularly brutal. I have been opting for allocating bonus points to HP for my weaker caster types, skill points for my thief, attributes for my giant warrior/saurian zerker.I've found more success in the early game by taking a Thaum, Cleric, and Wizard. Two heals and two sleeps help. Sleep and Poison are immensely helpful so far. This is no surprise because if you've ever played Wizardry, you know the importance of Sleep in particular, and this game takes inspiration from Wizardry. Also have been using Bite for one of my guys and when poison lands, it's ♥♥♥♥ing imba.The automap and setting footnotes is really good, and also the journal system. IMO, not having those things in the year 2017 is absurd even for a throwback game like this. Challenge is good. Turn-based combat is good. Deep character customization is good. Having to break immersion from the game to draw on grid paper is not good and a complete waste of time that nobody wants to do in the modern era. I applaud the good use of these modern mechanics and the execution seems to be just fine from what I've seen so far.This game seems basically amazing so far for what it is, and what blobber lovers are after. I have been replaying Wizardry and M&M for years and years and years now - so the art style in Grimwah does not bother me and I actually really like it. It's playing pretty smoothly now by a lot of people's comments, and has true old school challenging feel. I love it.It's entirely possible people will start uncovering game-breaking quest bugs and♥♥♥♥♥♥- but honestly, as long as they get patched who cares? The game is fun and these sorts of games often have solid replay value. I'm not going to lose sleep if I have to start over. But that's not everyone. This game is not for everyone.I may need to update this review more later on but honestly, if you want a blobber that legitimately is throwback that you haven't played before - this is it. I love it, except that I basically just turn sound entirely off. I'm really excited to sink time into the game this weekend.I absolutely can see how some people think this is overpriced. I'm not a dumb sape though so I♥♥♥♥♥♥$36 bucks and don't really care about the money. Make better life decisions and you won't care about spending $36 dollars on a game. For those of us who love blobbers and have been waiting for some sort of, ANY sort of incline in the past 20 years - this is a gem and well worth the price."
76561198022842797,Recommended,650670,34033089,Posted: 5 August,all,TeamplayerZargash,"Im liking its oldschoolness.  I run windows 10, and no issues so far."
,Recommended,650670,34101637,Posted: 8 August,all,Hammoudith,"Excellent game with amazing exploration, tough battles and many secrets. Teething problems are expected but Cleve is working around the clock on them."
,Recommended,650670,34030078,Posted: 4 August,all,Ret,Quality blobber.
76561197980330756,Recommended,650670,34121171,Posted: 9 August,all,Darkhain,"This game is how Dungeon Crawler's should be.Since Mordor II/Demise I never felt this feeling while playing this genre.If you know, Wizardry 6/7, then you will like it, because it's better."
76561197982601816,Recommended,650670,34028655,Posted: 4 August,all,Magellan,"I've played a little over an hour so far (fullscreen on Windows 10) and haven't run intro any major bugs yet.  Yes, I agree with the criticisms that the UI is very clunky, there's no denying that.  However, the gameplay is delicously oldschool (and correspondingly very tough), and personally I think the art-style is charming and nostalgic.I've been annoyed at the the trolling and delays since I found out about the game 3 or 4 years ago, so I'm not a Cleve apologist (I've thrown my fare share of sarcastic and doubing barbs at Cleve over that time) but the bottom line is the game seems good and is, in my opinion, pretty fun (from the little I've played so far)."
,Not Recommended,650670,34018110,Posted: 4 August,all,Jamespaul,"Main Menu music is okay but going into configuration menu, turning it to 0 on the music slider, and hitting apply doesn't actually change the music volume.All of the menus look pretty bad. Something that would be seen in a early access game or early tech demo.No obvious way to make a new party. The library button seems to be where that is located. The party creation screen itself is extremely simplistic in design. There is no way to save a party, changing heroes is done on a sliding bar, and the list of available portraits is very limited even when it shows Dragon portraits for a human character.Character creation is tedious and hardly seems worth the time. Compared to other CRPGs this is worse than something from the 90s.No tooltips on any buttons so you have to just randomly click things to see what they do. The story writing is decent at best. ""You wake up and cant remember anything (how original lol) ooh but you feel danger for a second but then you cant even remember that""Basically every aspect of the interface and menu is awkward to use. The ESC button doesnt exit you from menus and a dozen other things.Combat is just not engaging at all and really slow. The enemies I ran into didnt even damage my quick start party which all had almost the exact same attack spells. With no manual or explanation of game mechanics at all its just about randomly trying things to see what happens.The dev claims 600 hours of gameplay and I believe them. It would take you almost half of that just to learn the clunky interface, irrational stats, and random crashes.All of the graphics are terrible. I don't mean like because its 8 bit or whatever its terrible, I actually like the retro look in games, I just mean its terribly and lazily done. The animations are a joke with things just disappearing or showing a red star shape as a explosion when they disappear which looks like it was pulled out of ms paint.The starting area is really boring with one or two textures used in the entire thing. its no wonder the game is less than 100mbs, there is very little content here that isnt just text.Tried to exit to post this review and there isn't even a way to leave the game. No exit button, esc key does nothing, and after clicking on everything on the screen I just gave up and closed it through task manager.TLDR:There are so many better games to play out there right now. This one isn't worth the time. The dev promised to deliver a well polished gem but this is a unpolished turd that is hardly different from the super demo he released years ago."
76561198052249755,Not Recommended,650670,34019947,Posted: 4 August,all,Harbinger,"Well the game get released, And unfortunately that ends the good news. (if you could call it that, game should never hit release in this state). Black screen, crash when you attempt to look at inventory (most times). full screen is pathetic, windowded mode is worse. Most of the races you select are not able to obtain classes tha tare said to be available for them,  in fact several of the classes are just plain not available with any race. The intended game play etc seems ok, but the actualy game play is very lacking with horrible UI that is just plain bad, and requires massive clicking to find/seclect/execute what ever the hell it is that you want/need to do. I really wanted to like this game, i attemted 5 starts with both custom and premade party. neither was much fun. In my humble opinion only the most loyal fanboy to this title could possibly give anything but a negative review,I just hope Cleve manages to patch this mess in future updates to make it remotely close to what was advertised. At the moment it is definately not worth $10 let alone $40. Game is so bad this is the first refund i have ever requested from steam."
,Recommended,650670,34195669,Posted: 12 August,all,l'Original,"One part game.One part performance art.100% old school, with all that entails."
76561198021448499,Recommended,650670,34049150,Posted: 5 August,all,McPlow,Game is fun.Just has lots of bugsand needs a manual BAD!
,Recommended,650670,34023658,Posted: 4 August,all,Anacrusis,Any true RPG player would love this game. The depth is unmatched.
,Recommended,650670,34024547,Posted: 4 August,all,Gunblast,Greatest game ever made. Incline so great I slipped and died
76561198037795283,Not Recommended,650670,34115929,Posted: 8 August,all,Perihelion,Needs another 20 years of development.
,Not Recommended,650670,34077779,Posted: 7 August,all,jeffywan,"Took 3 steps and ran into a giant bat and a group of 3 black bats and a group of 2 black bats. I put the groups to sleep using hte sleep spell, and then the giant bat managed to kill the entire party.Tried again got out of the intial area into a town found a high priest, tried to talk to him, it was like talking to a wall, no clear way to exit conversation, when I finaly excited the conversation I accidently clicked on a button that started combat, I then tried to exit combat and my entire party was auto killed.I get that there is no manual and I haven't played lots of this style of game, but reading forums lots of folks suggest to figure it out or dont play. I had fond memories of playing dungon crawlers at a friends house when I was a kid because his dad had them, and i recall they were difficult but I do not recall this type of difficulty.So if you want a game that is not intuitive, that makes you work hard to figure it out, and that has random encounters in the begining area that will kill your entire party, enjoy it I will let you have it. I was hoping this would bring back some found memories and all it did was frustrate me."
76561198010739571,Not Recommended,650670,34017821,Posted: 4 August,all,Tesserex,"I can't recommend this game for more than 30 EUR... Perhaps 5 EUR.And there seems to be missing some stuff...It says 15 classes but half of them seem not be playable. for example Vaphyr should be able to be Assassin but he is not. Even Human who should be able to be nearly all classes (info says so) can only choose half classes. But perhaps there was some attribute rolling that narrowed it down, but that was not visible or changeable.Anyway... not 30 EUR..."
76561197972039165,Not Recommended,650670,34060862,Posted: 6 August,all,Penny Lee,"Had no choice but to refund, trying to play at 800x600 fixed res game in a small box on my 3840x2160 res monitor was impossible, I could not even read most of the text, even trying to change any video setting just resulted with it just turning black and sitting dead centre of my screen, even GOG Dos or win95 games run better than this and they are older.  Its all well and dandy having great ideas but becomes pointless if no one can see them.  Also the music was annoying, my Amiga sounds better than this."
76561198146196139,Recommended,650670,34035659,Posted: 5 August,all,rickser,"I decided to change my review and give grimoire a recommendation. Cleve has been very proactive at fixing bugs and getting grimoire to a playable state. He's been doing an amazing job.I am still not able to review grimoire at this point because i have not actually played it.If you dont have a lot of free time do not play this game, wait a while for the bugs to be fixed. If you have the time and want to help cleve iron out grimoire, buy this game, im sure theres a good game there if your willing to endure some growing pains."
76561198032825265,Recommended,650670,34015002,Posted: 4 August,all,Rpguy,"Best game in the universe. I'll bet you if you search other planets for a better game you won't find it.Sure there are some bugs and Issues but they will all be fixed next Friday.Uneasy UI? bad graphics? loud sounds? it's all to give you the fabolous retro feeling of the 90s.Early access? how can you possibly call something that is years late ""early""?! ridiculous!No Manual? You don't need a manual, Hop on to the rpg codex if you need help, we will help you with grimoire and also with your problems in life, it does not matter how dumb you are we have the people to make you feel at home.600h+? It's true. If you don't believe me make a drow party and see how long it takes to rest between battles.40$? even if this game had costed 100$ and came with verbal abuse from the developer I would still have purchased it.Piracy? whoever even consider to pirate a masterpiece like grimoire or fine movies like wonder woman should reflect upon his life and see the line of bad decisions that led him thus far. Years of hard work and you can't spend a few bucks for hours of enjoyment to show your appreciation?You need to support the genre, Support the INCLINE! BUY GRIMOIRE NOW!"
76561197994447329,Recommended,650670,34165005,Posted: 11 August,all,SIVOL,"I changed my review, I recommend to play Grimoire. Reason:When I bought the game a few days after release, the amount of bugs and problems felt overwhelming to me. So I refunded it and wrote a bad review. I will re-buy Grimoire soon when I find the time to play it.As of now the developer is clearly working hard on the game to patch bugs et cetera. I've read a lot about Grimoire in forums and the game seems to be stable now.WHY YOU should buy and play Grimoire?: the game is a 'one in a million'. There won't be any game like this in the next 20 years. It's not a silly remake of old RPG elements it's the thing itself. It's annoying, hard to access, challenging and will probably drive you crazy. BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,650670,34137560,Posted: 9 August,all,jestyr24,"PRO: Interesting and varied races in creation.  Random 4d8 or 6d5 roll for each toon, so reroll for best stats like the old days.  8 slots for your party with a bunch of cool classes. Lots of room for different combos. Can recruit NPCs.CON: Takes over an hour to roll up and create a full party for the first time.  Lots of time rerolling new toons after each patch wipes all your saved games and deletes entire toon library, including my default party.PRO: Different starting areas, each with its own benefits and challenges. Difficult combat where your choices make a difference in the outcome of the fight.CON: Strong learning curve and tough fights require constant saving to make progress early.  But saving your game is not an effective defense against the Patch Monster and you may end up starting over fresh anyways.  Try one of the new starting areas if you do.PRO: Extensive content. Tons of items, monsters and interactions. Constant updates and patches.CON: Constant updates and patches ruins save games and prevents you from experiencing anything beyond the first couple levels.Until I know its stable I'm done putting time into it.  Once its goes a few patchs and no one complains, I'll give it another shot and change my rating.Update1 - My first two patch experiences resulted in wipes.  I winced the 15 seconds it took to patch this time and...  All Good!  One more clean patch and an I'll give it a thumbs up.  This is a great game so far and brings me back!  Manual would be nice but I have fun figuring out how stuff works too, so eh.Update 2 - Patches seem good so save game issues seems stable now. Sucks I lost 30+ hours to it..  I enjoy the game, including the old school process of saving every fight. (Dragnonfly is crazy!)"
,Recommended,650670,34022632,Posted: 4 August,all,[LUE] SwiftCrack,"Never bet against autism.(seriously, the game is good but you need the manual to understand even the most basic things)"
76561197982530266,Not Recommended,650670,34173533,Posted: 11 August,all,Jimmy James,"It's clunky to the extreme. Poor resolution support, bad UI, no tooltips/manual so stats are a mystery, combat moves at a glacial pace and is uninteresting. Not worth the asking price, regardless of how many decades its maker spent on it."
76561197969564895,Not Recommended,650670,34020358,Posted: 4 August,all,TJ Lapinski,"An absolute disaster. Numerous glitches (like a completely non-functional windowed mode), nearly indecipherable graphics and text, a turn animation that is truly something awful and was done better in Lands of Lore 24 years ago. An RPG and combat system that looks and plays like somebody chewed up Wizardry 7 and vomited up this hideous, glacially paced mess. Overall a truly massive decline from the standards of modern day hardcore indie RPGs. Not that I expected anything more from a racist, homophobic supremacist who fled to a bunker in Australia years ago so that he could live peace with his belief that he is actually real life Ubermensch.In short, FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS GOOD AND HOLY DO NOT BUY THIS. Buy Wizards and Warrirors, buy Wizardry 8, buy Divinity, buy Underrail or Lords of Xulima. The list of vastly superiror games goes on and on. Just whatever you do don't buy this."
76561197969243405,Not Recommended,650670,34020273,Posted: 4 August,all,Shooter209,"Given this game has been in design for so long, you would think the user interface would be a bit more streamlined.  Looked like a fun dungeon crawl, but could not get past the usability issues."
76561197971812070,Recommended,650670,34038157,Posted: 5 August,all,numsei,"potential is here, i dont like to recommend a game that i barely played, but that are loads ofspecial snowflakesvoting down this game, all i need now is a manual to i can see how the hell i can make one of those cool professions"
76561197988061338,Not Recommended,650670,34017544,Posted: 4 August,all,RileyWRussell,"The interface in this game wouldn't have even been acceptable 20 years ago. Why anyone would make something so unintuitive is beyond me. The game could be fun if I was willing to put up with the horrible interface, sadly I'm not though."
76561198002922546,Not Recommended,650670,34127759,Posted: 9 August,all,Thou Shalt Not Suck!,"Quick review:  Complicated game with no way of knowing what you are doing.  Wait until they write a manual.  It’s like if you joined a group playing The World of Synnibarr table top rpg but you didn’t own any of the books.  Creating a character is hopeless without the books so you were given a character to play but you still had to make a few choices to round out that character.  With no way to understand any of the choices you simply guess and hope for the best.  The game play is just like the character generation.My personal story: I love deep complex games and I love the old-school feel (reminds me of Bards Tale.)  However, I have requested a refund because I have no idea what I'm doing.  Complexity is great but if I don't understand the consequences for the choices I'm making during character creation (which was most of my game experience) then it doesn’t add to the game.  It feels like there is no rhyme or reason to any of the numbers.  I made several parties and they all end in frustrating death with a tough random encounter in the first area.  My groups usually have a couple high hp fighters, a thief, a bard, a cleric, a wizard, a sage, and some other random class for fun so I feel like I had a good balanced party.  On my second to last run I got into a fight with 2 groups of bugs and a fungus.  I knew this would be a swift death for sure but I wanted to play through it just to see.  My entire group took out the fungus and one bug except my thief (a Rhattu I think) with 12ish hp ended up soloing 5 bugs.  I just held down enter and clicked battle over and over waiting for the thief to die.  After an insane number of rounds, where he was paralyzed half the time, my little thief cut the bugs down and got like 870 xp and a ton of skills and 1 attribute point to spend.  I figured I’d just trudge on with my neigh immortal thief soloing everything until I could raise or replace the party but I picked up a key and the game crashed.  Another point of frustration was that the hints for the races would say that the race would make a good class.  I’d pick that race and roll a bunch of times until I got 25+ points only to find out that the race couldn’t even qualify for the classes they were supposed to excel at.  I couldn’t make a pirate or assassin even with the suggested races.  Giants couldn’t become Metalsmiths even with 27 attributes.  Giants start out with a 60 strength but if they pick warrior their strength drops to 45 which is barely above a human.  Basically, if there was any resource out there that would tell me what an ability score of 40 meant and how much better a 60 is than a 40 that would be a start.  Anyway, I’ll give this a look after there is a manual or sufficient documentation to play the game without guessing."
76561198161727612,Recommended,650670,34020002,Posted: 4 August,all,SaintPhillip,"I'm giving this a highly positive review but basing it on my experiences testing the demo years ago- The game mechanics and systems, the dungeon design and puzzles were all very well done and I personally think it has loads of charm.This game will not be for everyone- This is a very old school, hard core blobber- A love letter to the 'Wizardry' series of old and not for the faint of heart. It doesnt hold your hand and it requires dedication and time investment/learning the mechanics in order to overcome the challenges-Ive just started my journey now with the released version and so far ive not encountered any major issues but I will update this review as I get more time in."
76561197979896904,Not Recommended,650670,34096585,Posted: 7 August,all,Meat Hammer,"All my characters get wiped and my save files corrupted. Not cool.*UPDATE* I sucked it up and started again, put a bunch more time in and guess what? IT DID THE SAME THING AGAIN.*UPDATE 2* I went back like a battered lover. And got all my stuff deleted again...I wanted this so bad. 600+ hours? Wizardry style game? Nostalgia?This has been a really bad experience."
76561198017077333,Recommended,650670,34256695,Posted: 15 August,all,Forgotten Beast,"It's hard. It's old school. Terrible UI. But, for me, it brings back memories of my childhood. I've always felt that as games got better graphics, they got dumbed down. This game is not dumbed down. And it's not the realization of a game that is complicated with better graphics. But I will take the difficult game that isn't twitched based over graphics any day. Five hours in and still enjoying it."
76561198149497247,Recommended,650670,34483874,Posted: 25 August,all,Herecomestheboom,"Grimoire is a tile based dungeon crawler that seeks to mimic Wizardry 7, one of the staples of the genre.While it suffers from the usual problems a game made by a single person would... like some numbers needing to be tweaked here and there, some flags to be set for an item or an NPC, some UI quality of life additions... While all that, it manages to be a game game. A real game.Today the market is overflowing with many Don Quijote's setting off to create one spiritual sequel after the other and the results are sadly vaporware. Not this game. This game is a game game. Was Arcanum buggy on release ? Yes. Knights of the Old Republic 2 ? Sure. VTMB:Bloodlines ? Most definitely. That didn't change the fact that they were squarely over that boundary that sets apart hobby projects and professional games. And Grimoire is too.Let's talk about the tone of the game. Most people tell you about a game ""it has charm"" but they can't explain what that means... It's the tone. What's the tone of the game ? Some games are somber (Age of Decadence), some are lighthearted (Divinity:Original Sin), others are tragic (Planescape Torment). If a game is to have charm it has to set a consistent tone and back it up with an interesting plot and gameplay.So what's the tone of Grimoire ? Does it have ""charm"" ?It does. The best way to describe it to someone that hasn't played it is this: it's Monty Python's Quest for the Holy Grail. It's got a serious skeleton of adventure and exploration through a fantasy-medieval world but it never shies away from a silly gag to dispense some humor. Make note though, that just like Quest for the Holy Grail, the gags are there to complement the adventure, not to take it's place. You have to get the proportions right to get that special charm and Grimoire does exactly that.What about gameplay ? Combat mechanics, itemization, all that stuff ?Well... the game can be hard and it's mechanics require a good look over to comprehend, this isn't 'pret-a-porter' - in good tradition to its inspiration Wizardry 7, expect to play for a dozen hours and then think to yourself ""Now that I get how stuff works, I need to restart and make a better party."" - that's not a bug, that's a feature.Also, to ride out the Monty Python analogy above, don't be surprised if you come upon a metaphorical holy hand grenade or a killer bunny wabit for that matter, this isn't a ""grimdark"" serious adventure, balance sometimes bows out and leaves the stage in favor of fun and a silly gag.Starting to wrap this up... full disclosure time:The UI is not great or good or even ok, it's mediocre. I'd rate it 5/10. It's not a bunch of endless windows of lists, this is still a game game not an RPG Maker project, but yeah, it could use some quality of life additions.Bugs. Critical ones ? No. As I'm writing this, the game is stable. You may have heard about losing save games at one point... No. That was a one time thing, the game is stable, take it to the bank.Are there some minor bugs left, a flag here, a broken script there ? Yes. At this point there are a few and those few have been reported and mapped. The next patch is already set to take care of that as well as some number tweaking to account for player feedback.Home stretch. Should you buy this game ?Yes. If you like the genre yes, you like RPGs, give it a shot.Should you buy the game now or wait for more patches ?Your call. I have no patience, I bought it on release. Patches come out, I don't have to restart, the game just gets better as I play, fine by me. Maybe you like to be more careful with your purchase, want that final experience from the get go. No problem.Remember, your money your call. And if you decide to buy I hope you have as much fun as I'm having.Going into overtime.Here's what you shouldn't do. Don't buy the game, poke around for 10 minutes, leave a bad review and refund it. Don't be that person.I despise Bethesda games, modern shooters, Bioware romance simulators, console ports, I don't go around Steam buying them for a few minutes just to leave a bad review out of spite. Different people like different stuff, I get it. There's room under the sun. If you played the game and honestly want to critique some things, sure, knock yourself out, but otherwise, have a coke and smile and don't be such an a-hole.Peace out."
76561198059116336,Not Recommended,650670,34156738,Posted: 10 August,all,Zero,"I followed this game for a while, then, bought it upon launch.  After two solid hours, I opted for the refund (while I still could).  I have played many similar types of games over the years (Ultima, Wizardry, Bard's Tale, Proudfoot games, Magic Candle, etc., etc.).I really, really wanted to like this game, but, I can only recommend this to people who want a (unique) Wizardy 7 clone; otherwise, be very cautious with your time and your money!Everything from character generation to party management to combat is needlessly, counterproductively, difficult and cumbersome.  Twenty years in development?  The graphics are good for 1992, but, poor for 2017 - hold on, I also enjoy Moria/Angband games, so it is not about flash, it is about quality.  The music is OK.  The sound effects are tortuous.Combat, even on the easiest setting, is ridiculously difficult.  Challenging combat is the heart of this genre.  Grimoire is so difficult, that it is stupid - solely on the basis of completely overpowering foes and a cumbersome (am I repeating?)  interface.  Game design is unbalanced and inefficient.Do you love Wizardy 7?  If so, you should try this game, no doubt!(Otherwise, if you love classic CRPG, then, Helherron has been updated and re-released!  Battle Brothers?  Dragon Wars is on Steam.  Darklands anyone?  IDK, but, you will have strong feelings with this niche game.)"
76561198051758627,Recommended,650670,34026520,Posted: 4 August,all,AoD. Kaladin,This games the♥♥♥♥♥♥...♥♥♥♥ all the haters
76561198019440109,Recommended,650670,34038676,Posted: 5 August,all,extra sandals,it'z fun
,Recommended,650670,34328529,Posted: 18 August,all,PK SPACE JAM,"This is really incredible. It's basically the game I've always wanted to play, a playable version of all the old DOS RPGs that expected you to map everything by hand and have great short term memory. Thank you for this.Updated review since I've spent more time with it:Since the above review was fairly short and uninformative, Grimoire is a harcore turn based cRPG in the vein of Wizardry, Realms of Arkania, Might and Magic, and so on. It most likely is not for most contemporary gamers, the interface is old, clunky, things are confusing and not explained at all. Plus there is the pretty miserable oversight of having a manual ready at launch, no idea really if my builds are working or not.I've still only been on the early game as I have not made it past act 1 yet, the content thus far has been very well done, plus the dungeon design is great. As you can guess, this game can be brutal, but so can old RPGs like the 74 version of D&D, with random monsters every other minute that can wipe you out in a heartbeat. This I imagine would frustrate most people, but for those of us for which these mechanics intrigue us, its a fun game. Most frustrating aspect for me was character creation, having to reroll characters over and over is redundant, but at the same token thats the least of my complaints with the game.As a side note, there apparently is drama related to the designer of this game, I normally do not like to buy games from people whose politics or additude I find reprehensible, this game has been the one exception to my rule given the quality of content and the giant amount of work that clearly this game exudes. If you miss old miserable MSDOS RPGs, this game is for you, if not, don't bother."
76561197972498889,Recommended,650670,34312003,Posted: 17 August,all,crober02,"I've been playing games on the PC for many, many years.  I bought and played the first Wizardry games as they were released.  My favorite game for a long time was Wizardry 7 for which I played all the way through... not once but four times using different saves from Wizardry 6 and different player character combinations.  Wizardry 8 never appealed to me much... started many times but never made it all the way through.  What stopped me from completing Wizardry 8 was the random encounters and the length of the battles.  I've now discovered a game that rivals and appears to even exceed the Wizardry games.I've followed the drama during development of this game from the beginning and swore I would not support it when released.  The initial reviews peaked my interest and I ended up buying.  Now I'm so very glad I did.  Cleve has done a phenomenal job with this.  After about 12 hours of play I can say that yes, I highly recommend this game to others!I’m planning on updating this review later after I get further into the game.  I say now though that my money has been well spent!"
,Not Recommended,650670,34018706,Posted: 4 August,all,Commie,"Horrible game. Looks crude and amateur even by the standards of the late 80's. But all that could be forgiven if the gameplay wasn't so tedious and clunky or that it wouldn't have more bugs than Starship Troopers. Crashes practically everywhere, in combat, half the time the option to 'fight' doesn't even exist. I loved Might and Magic series and Gold Box and was never close to Wizardry, but I got a lot out of Wiz 7 and 8 and hoped this would have been close to that. For the price the Dev is charging for a game in the state it is now, it is daylight robbery.For shame!"
76561198004174990,Not Recommended,650670,34099410,Posted: 8 August,all,Chro'Tal,"I bought it in a flash of nostalgia (I am 40 years old and an avid PC gamer since 1990), but then quickly realized the old school graphics are actually not fun to look at for extended periods and requested a refund.It does not support high resolutions which is a pity... pixel style graphics can be great and doesn't mean being restricted to ancient resolutions on todays large screens. Neither does retro style music/sound mean that it cannot be crisp or fun to listen... in this game it was rather annoying. The GUI is plain aweful.Anyhow, I am sure there will be fans of the retro genre who will love this, but it definetly is not worth the price of 30+ EUR when there are amazing games around for less. Better buy 2 nice fantasy novels for it...If there was a neutral vote I would give it in this case, because it is impossible for me to judge the real content of the game, besides the aformentioned flaws."
76561198012432391,Recommended,650670,34202706,Posted: 12 August,all,MagicV,"Wizardry 7 fans, rejoice! This is for you. Awesome old-school game that doesn't fake ""retro"". It just is. Perhaps because it was started 20 years ago by a man who understands the genre."
76561198026300134,Recommended,650670,34102761,Posted: 8 August,all,Magnus,"I just hope the author will use the Steam money for hiring a normal 2D artist, and redraw all this abomination eye cancer from scratch.It looks like a very interesting game with fun mechanics, but it's just impossible to play without vomiting from the visuals."
76561198054561446,Not Recommended,650670,34127169,Posted: 9 August,all,Atziluth,Unfinished product with price tag.
,Recommended,650670,34217263,Posted: 13 August,all,Upandout8,If you bought this based on the pictures above then you know what you are getting. It is what I expected and I love it. Thanks for taking the time to make this game! Waiting for the manual to come out so i can read up and start the real journey. Review will have some better information after that point.
76561198009664069,Recommended,650670,34028523,Posted: 4 August,all,Survivor,I just play Grimoire for about 2 hours and it a good game. no bugs yet and no crashs yet it is a very smooth playing.
76561198038793663,Recommended,650670,34017688,Posted: 4 August,all,samuelblaize,"It would appear my simple, plebeian mind cannot handle the shock of this extreme experience, as I've been rendered mute and had to type this one handed since the left side of my body shut down. Luckily, Cleve foresaw this. The game is fully playable with the mouse alone, so while my left arm dangles by my side and drool falls from the mouth that I cannot keep closed, my gaming experience remains undeterred.The more I play, the more I realise I no longer need this spongy human form keeping me tethered to this mortal plane. The ""graphical glitches"" that make it seem as though there are unexplored areas to my side are in reality the game trying to confuse my sense of direction further; the ""mouse lock"" I keep feeling is simply me falling unconscious briefly; and the repetition of button presses to make part of the UI work are just me perceiving time in a whole new way. I only pressed it once, but it felt like a thousand times.Though it would appear I've only played half an hour of this game, I assure you it was longer. This game has changed my physiology for the better, and I finally feel as though I am who I was born to be, for the first time.The Incline can help you understand as well."
76561197979380134,Not Recommended,650670,34073987,Posted: 6 August,all,Gabriel,"This game at the beginning is extremely bad.  Most games like these can be difficult at the beginning, but this game makes makes you farm like crazy at the beginning just to be able to defeat some of the monsters at the beginning.Be ready to save after each successful battle, and to reload after the way, way, way, way, way to many defeats. I do not understand why this guy took 20 years to make this game and you have to slowly grind in order to defeat the very 1st monsters.Also, the mobs attack every few moves. You cannot even rest without getting attacked. Resting almost always results in death without cheesing this game.  Why is this game meant to be cheesed in the first place?  20 years? Why make this genre worse and not better.He could have made the very beginning much easier and the later levels much harder.  But he likes to blame SJWs on all his bad reviews.  This developer is a tool.I may come to like this game, but it definately deserves a bad review.Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥developer!*Edited for some spelling/grammar errors*They have since fixed some of the bugs in the game and it is a better game and can now be played without too many problems. I still do not recommend the game.  I will update my review sometime in the future with probably a thumbs down still.If your going to leave a comment on my post, do not do not tell me that my subjective view is invalid because you do not agree with me. And no, I will not give it a thumbs up because you may demand it so you can get future titles like this (which would not happen anyway)."
76561198041623135,Not Recommended,650670,34029911,Posted: 4 August,all,bohicette,"Probably get flamed by Cleve's troll army, but oh well.Because of the total lack of graphics options, this game is completely unreadable / unplayable on a 1440p monitor.  Pretty much zero in the way of keyboard support.  The arrow keys don't even control party movement.  The user interface would have been bad even had it been released in 1997.  And the price would have been high for what is basically a hobbyist app.Was willing to give it a shot, but with so many other quality games to play, meh, why bother?  Requested a refund."
76561198013227280,Not Recommended,650670,34074145,Posted: 6 August,all,Jumbodee,"I'm an old school gamer and this appeared to be right up my alley so I took the plunge.  The price is irrelevenat if the game is solid. So far, it isn't.  I have a beefy Falcon NW Mach V and am running Windows 10 and the game does not run, even after the almost-immediate patch. Big issue wih resolution and mouse compatibility. That is pretty inexcusable. Strike One. At least as signficant, for a game as detailed as this *not* to have even a basic manual at go-live seems....odd.  Did the developer just consider that an unnecessary ""feature"" during the twenty years it took him to make the game..?Only the second game for which I have ever requested a refund from Steam, and I have bought quite a few clunkers over the years. Shame."
,Recommended,650670,34066064,Posted: 6 August,all,The Big Blue Box,"Grimoire is NOT for:- casual gamers- people who only buy games on steam sales- people who've never played an RPG older then Baldur's Gate- JRPG weeaboos- Graphics ♥♥♥♥♥s- Console peasants- FPS doodz- IdiotsGrimoire IS for classic CRPG gamers who cut their teeth on classics like Wizardry 7, Might and Magic 5, Bard's Tale, etc... and want a more content rich version of those games.  If that's what you're looking for then Grimoire is for you.  If not, there are thousands of games on steam more suitable for your tastes.The fact is there has been no CRPG like Grimoire since Wizardry 7... and if that fact excites you, then Grimoire is a must buy."
76561198080123570,Recommended,650670,34344145,Posted: 18 August,all,willsama974,"Before you take the Leap of Faith either:- Buy a parachute.- Wait for the nuclear cloud to settle down.Despite what the store page tells you, Grimoire is in a mid/late Early Access state.It's finishable but the journey is rocky.Why the Thumb up then?Well, Grimoire is/will be one of the best Dungeon Crawler of all times!You don't need much more intel, either get it now or get it later!Of course if Cleve (the solo dev) drops the ball, i'll edit this review with a nasty red thumb down and a few ""!!!"" and name calling :)"
76561198006833750,Recommended,650670,34442205,Posted: 23 August,all,Tigranes,"It's fun. Damn fun. There are games that you just can't help but fire up again and keep on playing. Games that give you a sense of wonder, a sense of what it was like to be really excited about what you'll do in your next play session, a meaty thing to really sink your teeth into. When games have that going for them, it's not about whether it has 80 spells or 800, or branching storylines, or whatever - you are just compelled by that sheer tightly-knit fun to recommend the game.Too vague? I loved the Village of Crowl, where the ye olde school RPG aesthetics dovetails perfectly with the atavistic, left-behind small village atmosphere of the village itself - completed by cranky suspicious priests and Rude Dudes roaming the streets. I love the feeling of delving deep into a dark, multi-layered dungeon, watching my health and resources slowly deplete as I wonder what awaits in the next room, as I hear about and find various evidence of a terrifying aberration that looms ever larger. I like the silliness that is just there instead of screaming ""I'M A JOKE"", the little quips of the description text about your quixotic quest. I like the little moments when you combine rope with hook and abseil down the well to a secret smuggler cove, only to find they won't let you in unles you look the part and off you go looking for a bloody parrot. Ten minutes after you had been fighting off a dimensional horror.Caveats:It's an old school game, specifically in the style of Wizardry VII. If that sounds cool to you, or you like trying different styles of games, go for it. If you only enjoy games with high graphical fidelity and the latest design trends, then don't.It has some bugs. More bugs than, I don't know, Witcher 3; much less bugs than Morrowind, Fallout 3, KOTOR2, Gothic 3, etc. at launch. So consider how much bugs bother you personally.The creator is the weirdest fellow this side of the Internet. I don't really care, I care about the game. If it bothers you, I guess go on a Googleathon and make your judgment."
,Recommended,650670,34019244,Posted: 4 August,all,frisby,"Great start, will update."
76561197980430233,Not Recommended,650670,34050787,Posted: 5 August,all,Free Fallin',"Despite the developer of this game being a real class act, I decided to give it a try.(Also, be on the lookout for lots of fake reviews that say nothing about the game, rate it up, and have less than an hour of playtime.  Lots of silly shillery going on here)I was very exicted to be able to play a new dungeon crawler with depth, content, and playability.  Sadly, Grimoire isn't currently that.  Semi frequent crashing. hideous and clunky UI, lack of bindings and/or rebindable keys, funky audio looping, questionable game pacing, lack of any kind of documentation, and missing tooltips and other basic functionality.[Edit: I had a misconception about character creation.  Apparently if you have leftover points from your initial roll/race/class combination, and you choose Skill Points or Attribute Points, you get to spend those points after you start your game.  Different way of doing it, and I missed it on my trial run]  Thanks FroBodine for correcting me on this.I'm glad it was finally released, and I'm very happy that he's got enough sycophants to give the game positive reviews, but I can't recommend it in this state.  I wouldn't even obtain this game illegitimately to play it.  It's the same at the ridiculous asking price as it is for nothing.The best I can take from this game is that it might garner some more interest for Blobbers, and maybe inspire the game that will actually succeed Wizardry."
76561197999318502,Recommended,650670,34703568,Posted: 2 September,all,fowlerbrian,"Tough, unforgiving, and retro as all get out.  I love it, Definitely reminds me of the Might and Magic and Wizardry series which to me is a good thing."
76561197989739675,Recommended,650670,34724923,Posted: 3 September,all,the_vampire_andrew,"I'll be real. Its okay...if you want to support a dude who worked on it for 20 years, go for it. Its not the worst indie blobber I've ever played by a long shot. Its unbalanced, has a tendency to break with each update, though that seems to have leveled out. Do yourself a favor, completely ignore the creator and don't expect any positive feedback, the dude has a good idea for a game but other wise he's kinda disposable. Otherwise if you want a  piece of gaming history straight out of the early nineties go for it."
,Recommended,650670,34240285,Posted: 14 August,all,Jenga,I have more hours clocked on WINE. Masterpiece.
,Recommended,650670,35077920,Posted: 19 September,all,ᐃᓂᖅᑐᐃᒍᑎ,"I went into this game with Legend of Grimrock 1/2 as my only dungeon crawling experience.I bought this game day 1 with little knowledge of the game, the developer, or any controversy surrounding the release.I was completely blind entering the game, but I enjoyed figuring out how stats worked, how to interact with the world, and how to deal with enemies and other NPCs. I made a pretty bad party, but there are enough ways to play to pretty much make any class work.The game is pack full of content. The maps remain interesting and form a cohesive world. I was looking forward to every area I entered, and figuring out how to open up new paths kept me interested throughout the entire game. There are tons of items, weapons, and spells, with almost all of them being useful in some degreee. I used almost every single spell I found at least a few times during my playthrough.However, there are some fairly major bugs that prevent the game from reaching its full potential. NPCs will not spawn after the first encounter in some areas, resulting in some broken questlines. Furthermore, there are some balance issues with spells and enemies. After a certain point there is no need to use most spells other than a couple which can wipe the enemy team. Finally, the inventory management system really leaves something to be desired. Trying to sort the inventory is a major hassle, and even when everything is organized it is hard to find the item you need.Overall, I think the base game is a wonderful dungeon crawler that keeps itself interesting from start to finish. If bugs and glitches can be properly tuned, I think the game would have been better received. Still, if you can make it past the $40 price tag, there is plenty of fun dungeon crawling to be found."
76561197999507238,Not Recommended,650670,34064764,Posted: 6 August,all,cmcm,"Biggest problems I have are the interface and the graphics are clipping, I am constantly seeing through walls when moving party. I am sure it could be fun, and will look at it again after a lot of patches. It just is not worth the price."
76561198008164494,Recommended,650670,34260900,Posted: 15 August,all,SABER*,This is the first game of this type that I have ever played.And I have to sayI am just loveing it.A little bit of a learning curve but well worth it.I would say itsa must buy if you are into RPG
,Not Recommended,650670,34021141,Posted: 4 August,all,Strykerx88,"If you enjoy:- Terrible UI- Clunky combat- Awful visuals- Grating sound effects- Horrible animation- Bad class system- Supporting an insane, egotistical, bigot dev... then Grimoire is for you!  And at an easy $40, no less."
76561198023401303,Recommended,650670,34020283,Posted: 4 August,all,blazk,it's fun
76561198005407650,Recommended,650670,34427614,Posted: 22 August,all,Das Grouch,It is the 1990s all over again and it is magnificent
76561198026642517,Not Recommended,650670,34049110,Posted: 5 August,all,Youtube Famous,"A relic of a bygone era, this game plays like a Ford Edsel. The interface is bad, even by 90s standards. It is difficult to read, and uses a font that reminds me of comic sans. It even lacks icons that properly indicate their' function, such as the options menu being represented by two dice.The music is repetitive and lacks inspiration, a trait that is emphasized by the constant loop it plays in. While on the topic of sound, the enemies you encounter will, nine times out of ten, blast you with a barrage of identical low quality sound effects, if there are multiple enemies on the screen then all of these sounds are played at the same time, resulting in a highly deformed mess of screeching, clacking, and sometimes mumbled gibberish. To complement the auditory overload, many assets in this ""game"" appear to still be using placeholder names, leaving you both deaf and confused. A few cases in point: The ""?WORMS?"" sound like machine guns, the ""?RUDE CHAPS?"" scream unintelligibly, and always in tandem with their fellow brethren, and the ""?UGLY DOG?"" is very clearly a rat.Before we cover the this games' balance - there is none - lets take a look at the story.The storyline that is presented on the menu screen is overly vague, and fails to properly describe the events leading you up to your ""adventure"". What is presented is disjointed, and makes very little sense with all of the antiquated jargons used to try and spice up what would otherwise be a typical, if not boring storyline that MAY have been acceptable in 1997, but utterly disappoints by today's standards. When you actually jump in and play the game, the information provided to you is usually either irrelevant, or just drawn out, such as the fairy you encounter at the start of a puke green forest level. The game treats you like a child in this regard, despite there being virtually no explanation as to how anything else works. It can't trust you NOT to see a heap of bones and take them as a source of ambiance - it can't afford for you to bypass the glory of a fairy that advertises museums of magic. It essentially slams you on the head with a plank, nearly demanding that you appreciate the ""lore"" that you can speciously call thorough.Now for game balance. There is literally no balance that I can discern from my time playing this 20 year conundrum. I start a party, and 5 movements in a pack of giant bats appear and slaughter 5 of my 8 party members. When I retreated, which killed another one of my characters, I heard a soundclip of Monty Python and the Holy Grail blast ""RUN AWAY!"" into my headphones. So much for ambiance.Preventing new players from even getting a feel for a games controls before they are killed is perhaps the most bizarre design choice that a developer could ever choose, and Grimoire has perfected this to an art form. It ruins any hope of enjoying this nonsensical storyline racked with deformed and illogical sound effects and placeholder titles.Grimoire took 20 years to release, and needs another 20 for it to be considered marginally enjoyable, even by 90s standards. Instead of shelling near 40 dollars for a Wizardry clone, created by a disgruntled former employee of the now closed Sir-Tech software company, buy Wizardry 7, the game the developer has spent so much time trying to plagiarize."
76561198073072960,Recommended,650670,34491091,Posted: 25 August,all,sanguinis,"Grimoire is a Wizardry 8 that never was. If you longed to plunge yourself into a proper Bradley's Wizardry game for the past quarter of the century, ever since the ""industry"" has decided to throw these games under a bus, you'd be a fool to miss this one.If the words ""proper Bradley's Wizardry"" leave you puzzled, you probably should play something else instead, something about romancing derp personality and a fully voiced quest compass."
,Recommended,650670,34996890,Posted: 16 September,all,Huw,"To keep this short: the major cons for me are that there are some bad individual art assets in the game and there's a few tricks you're going to want to learn early on to make your life easier. The game can be really hard and has some difficulty spikes that you need to work around.The major plus is that this game is a real joy to unpick. Go read up before you play, and then throw yourself in with a few new characters and have fun. It lacks a tutorial, so you do really need to read up before hand.Set aside a few evenings for this and be prepared to have oodles of content thrown at you. But Grimoire is best played with an understanding of its limitations imposed by being such a massive game made by one man. It's quirky and weird sometimes. But it's the rewarding kind of quirky."
76561198100900628,Recommended,650670,34577029,Posted: 29 August,all,Jake The Dog,"This game is a real blast from the past! Perfect in many ways, and a manual is coming... anyway, who needs review when you can make your own idea on the game? I totally recommend it to any fan of the genre or D&D!!!"
76561197966452257,Recommended,650670,34593536,Posted: 29 August,all,iggywhite,"Short and sweet review.The good:Great 2d graphicsGood gameplay that you know and love (Wiz 7+Many enhancements)Huge worldLots of love clearly went into thisThe badNo idea which stats do whatThe sound is insanely repetitive, though good for what it is imitatingDoes not feature modern resolutions or a way to change controlsSummed up:A good fun old school rpg romp through a huge worldNotes: This game is under an actual organized campaign of bad reviews simply for the designer not falling in line with common political views. None of that in the game though."
,Recommended,650670,34441153,Posted: 23 August,all,t4ngr4m,"For now I just want to give a thumbs up, congratulate Cleve, and say that this is the best RPG since Daggerfall."
76561198008959918,Recommended,650670,34890666,Posted: 11 September,all,julianta,"It's old fashioned, but fun.  Perhaps it won't appeal to those more used to modern offerings, I couldn't say.  But for those of us somewhat older, who played and enjoyed similar systems way back when, I find the playing enjoyable and the effort that has gone into - and continues to go into - producing it, commendable.  I bought the game at the pre-release discount, but I have no problem recommending it.  In fact, although I have purchased and played many games through Steam, this is the first review I've posted, only because I feel the recent number of reviews that give this product a thumbs-down deserves to be countered.  And by the way, though it may be a question of system setup, etc., so far I've encountered no bugs whatsoever, having completed about 98% of the starting forest area and the dungeons within, and just started exploring the adjacent town.  About the only thing I don't like about the game is the weird big-headed naked baby (doll?) on the start-up screen - kind of creepy."
76561198042578088,Recommended,650670,34028457,Posted: 4 August,all,shaltsd,CAN'T PLAY SEEMS ISSUES WITH RESOLUTION ANYONE KNOW WHAT NATIVE IS
76561198126453130,Recommended,650670,35096058,Posted: 20 September,all,Peachy,"I made a lion girl character, and named her Nala. Then I just stared at the screen for 2 hours."
76561198042117175,Recommended,650670,34016117,Posted: 4 August,all,Gemmary,"Pure Incline!.  The best 1st person, party based RPG in at least 15 years, without a doubt.If you loved Wizardry 6 & 7 and are looking for more, this is it.  Lots of story, puzzles, stats, complex combat, huge gameworld, recruitable npcs, lock picking. Wide variety of spells, items, monsters. Some  crafting/alchemy, with a lot more coming in a future patch. NPC factions and multiple solutions to most goals. There haven't been any blobbers with this level of detail in a very long time and there likely won't be for an even longer time to come.  Easily worth the money for anyone who enjoys this kind of game.Running it on my Mac, with Win10 in Parallels. Mouse moves a bit sluggish at times, but no real problems. I think the mouse issue is due to me running Windows in window mode rather than full screen."
76561197975140704,Not Recommended,650670,34047616,Posted: 5 August,all,FUBAR!,"This is not a good game.  There is no manual to tell you what any of the stats mean, no tutorial to tell you how to play the game or what buttons do what, no options to check these either.  If this were a $10 or $15 this would be forgivable, but at $40 this is a robbery.  I like the art style, I like the genre, it is very reminecent of old dungeon crawlers.  play Legend of Grimrock or for the cost of the game gotoGOG.comand buy all the old dungeon crawlers.I want to give it a chance with some updates, but for the price tag stay away from this game."
76561198274433144,Not Recommended,650670,34082283,Posted: 7 August,all,Pong (BE),I like old school RPG but this is really old school! Priced a staggering 33 € you'd expect some quality.This is utter gerbage to me.
,Not Recommended,650670,34019632,Posted: 4 August,all,pinback,http://pinback.space/grimoire-review.jpg
76561198011054887,Not Recommended,650670,34093572,Posted: 7 August,all,opethandoceans,"I hate this game. its crap. If the guy would have spent another 20 yrs on it, it still would be crap. It is so unbalanced there is no way to enjoy it. The music and sfx are so awful and repetitive you will want to rip your ears off. How do you spend 20 years on something so unbalanced?! I'm getting 1 shot killed by beetles in the first town after 9 hrs of playing.COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY AND TIMEBTW it will take about an hour for you to create a party so by the time you find out for yourself how sht this is it will be too late for a refund."
76561198014562459,Recommended,650670,34015884,Posted: 4 August,all,morzag,This is a quite very good game I think. Some good things are that it is fun and I don't feel like it is just stupid and stuff. A bad thing is maybe I will play it forever and die of starvation while distracted from my bodily needs. Maybe.If you like to have fun like in Wizardry and stuff you will like this game probably but if you prefer to play Dragon Age and stuff then I don't know either this game will change your mind about bad things or you will just be confused and return to games which actually aren't very good I think.
76561198006490299,Not Recommended,650670,34093303,Posted: 7 August,all,Cool As Boobs,"Character creation can be likened to getting cancer of the weiner.Endlessly clicking Create > Naga > Female > roll > roll > roll - remakeThe music is terrible, but luckily it drowns out some of the god awful sound effects.The interface is chaotic, to even create a party you have to click library, because story takes you no where, and start gives you a preset team.The hero portraits are horrible, a few you can't even really make out what they are suppose to be.The screen resolution is terrible, its about 1/4 the size of my screen.20 years in the making? I make better quality when I sit on the toilet.Now trying to load back into the game, i get the terrible music and a black screen with nothing on it.Game is being returned"
,Recommended,650670,34016241,Posted: 4 August,all,Dexter,"The Best game ever made? (probably)No mere Sapien can comprehend the brilliance of this Masterpiece of Computer Engineering.Wallow not in despair and embrace the INCLICE! Dine with the Neanderthal.Edit: There seems to be an ongoing malicious Sap plot to slander the quality of this glorious game as they crawl out of their holes on Something Awful and NeoGAF.There are absolutely no crashes on Startup and many of the reported ""problems"" aren't existent if played on any computer fabricated after 1985. Your campaign of subterfuge to impugn the glory of Cleveland Mark Blakemore and magnificence of his Magnum Opus is destined to fail and you will all eat crow."
76561197971112487,Recommended,650670,34589836,Posted: 29 August,all,j_osorno1,"I haven't played a lot as I'm waiting for the manual.  But from the little I have played, I am excited to play more of it."
76561198009214393,Not Recommended,650670,34082695,Posted: 7 August,all,[OCD] Mbutu Otutu,My anti-virus got a hit on an AdWare in this game ... not a virus ... that allows an outside person access to your computer.  I am deleting this game and its content
76561198073527049,Not Recommended,650670,34032844,Posted: 5 August,all,Eboreus,Okay. Starting the game. Difficulty Novice. Quickstart with full 8-men party. Looking around. One Giant Bat attacking. Fighting the bat. Party dead. Lol! Bye-bye.
76561198076132181,Recommended,650670,34773389,Posted: 6 September,all,OldBaloo45,Great game!
76561197995657981,Recommended,650670,34596670,Posted: 29 August,all,BlueFish,"Probably the greatest thing, not merely greatest game, ever created.  There are two groups of people in this world, those who own and play Grimoire and soulless non-entities."
76561198082175850,Recommended,650670,34014937,Posted: 4 August,all,Siradein,He did it!  The absolute madman!
76561198030534324,Not Recommended,650670,34210485,Posted: 13 August,all,dejnorhan,I don't be-cleve anymore.
76561198093528914,Not Recommended,650670,34026425,Posted: 4 August,all,TFW250IQ,"5 seconds into the game the begin combat button suddenly stopped working, great work Cleve, you did it ;)."
,Not Recommended,650670,34198119,Posted: 12 August,all,rcmportella,"After 20 years of development the interface is awful and the technology used is really from 20 years ago. Unfortunately, I cannot recomend it unless it is being sold by a buck or less. A shame. I could make a better game than this one."
76561197967621481,Not Recommended,650670,34027208,Posted: 4 August,all,Tekker,This may quite possibly be the worst game ever made.
,Recommended,650670,34640494,Posted: 31 August,all,D!!,Incline
,Recommended,650670,34014484,Posted: 4 August,all,OpTic.Ｍａϟϟｔｅｒ,This is the greatest game ever made. Will do an updated review after beating the game.
76561197984900948,Recommended,650670,34014502,Posted: 4 August,all,Artorahn,INCLINE!
,Recommended,650670,34014694,Posted: 4 August,all,SWEEEEN,"Essentially its easy. If you have to ask, you probably wont enjoy it. Its not a unique or new game, but pretty much a wiz7 clone (played the super demo as well). No more bugs than you would expect in a game of that magnitude. Its simply a miracle on so many levels that this game gets released in 2017."
