user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,654880,33776847,Posted: 24 July,all,NovaAva,"Look: I personally enjoy this game. I got invested. It made me laugh, it made me cry. I plan on abusing its replay value to the fullest extent allowed.But I cannot, in good conscience, recommend this game in its current state at its current price.Other reviewers have hit on the lack of customization options, the lacking voice acting, the brevity of building your relationship with each dad, the bugs, etc. During my first playthrough I'd opted for [dadsona] to have been previously married to a woman, but half the time [dadsona] would refer to his dead husband/Amanda's other father. There're spelling and grammatical errors, the wrong sprites sliding in and out of scene, the wrong voice clips being played, etc. I feel like I'm playing an alpha instead of a finished game.As a queer gamer I *want* to support this game because at its heart it's a sweet, queer choose-your-own-love-story that isn't overtly explicit. I find the characters interesting and want to interact with them. But this game isn't finished, and it definitely isn't worth $15."
76561198216928301,Not Recommended,654880,33696565,Posted: 21 July,all,Soph,"I do recommened this game however, I sadly had more negatives things to say ...Great first game and looking forward to further touch ups and improvements in the future !Bought this because I have much love and mad respect for Game Grumps.However... I want to give an 100% honest review. Probably gonna get a lot of hate for this one - please note it's just my opinion.The game is... extremely short in a sense and lacks any real ""spark"" on some of dates. It can be... rather boring? It's quite upsetting that you only get three short dates with one person and then it's over... It makes it hard to really build any sort of emotional connection with the person of choice (wow almost like a real date! haha.)It's a hefty amount of reading which is fine with me honestly but as it is said to be voiced, this can be misleading as its 'voices' are grunts, huffs etc.It makes me very upset as a fellow Grump fan to say that I don't think this game was worth $15 USD ($19 AUD for me.) Highly recommened to wait for this game to come out on sale.It is still a good game and the storyline mainly follows the life of a single dad of whom guides his daughter, Amanda, in the later stages of being a teenager. The scenes with Amanda are very heartfelt and thought provoking, especially considering I'm a female of whom is not a Dad and doesn't have a child.If you were to touch up this game it'd be nice to see some ""out-of-style-type"" cutscenes, if that makes any sense! Like in Persona 5 for example, they have their art style for when you're fighting and running around etc. but then they have anime-like cutscenes where it shows lovely movement and flows really nicely. That would've broken up DDADDS really nicely if it had cutscenes similar to that.To end on a good note...- Amazing puns- Amazing art- Amazing Dads: I like each individuals personalities, they're all quite unique and have varied styles.- Amazing team and crew"
76561198095944247,Recommended,654880,33676892,Posted: 20 July,all,Kappiro,I'm gonna pre
,Recommended,654880,33680533,Posted: 20 July,all,JenkoFive,im gay
,Not Recommended,654880,33690512,Posted: 21 July,all,English Phoenix,"Tldr: cute but wait for a sale.The artwork is great and the stories I've done so far are cute, but...i just expected so much more.I really wanted to like this and especially after waiting through delays and being so excited I'm super disappointed. The game, at least to me, feels cheaper than it is. I just don't feel the price tag is justified.I do feel it's important to mention that i love how inclusive this game is, I just really hope the devs continue to add to it and hopefully address some issues.- There isn't proper voice acting- The customization for your dad kind of sucks- it would have been nice to customize your child or at least pick between a son or daughter but that isn't a big issue-while the story is adorable, it feels really basic and bare. I didn't personally get much connection with the characters something which is important for this type of game.I know a lot of people will disagree  with my review and that's cool. I'm glad most people are in love with this, but it's just not worth $15 in my eyes."
76561198268028163,Recommended,654880,33678196,Posted: 20 July,all,Ya Boi Of Destruction,The only way I can solve my daddy issues without getting naked in front of strangers.10/10 would bang hot dads and help them raise their children again.
76561198042030202,Not Recommended,654880,33796540,Posted: 25 July,all,xmoonlilyx,"I really wanted to like this game, and was really excited to play it but honestly for me it was a huge let down.There are some bugs in the system that really took me out of the experience. For example at the beginning you have to choose if you had a wife or husband previously. I chose wife but time and time again they were refered to as 'dad' or 'your father', just a small thing but quite irritating when I was given a choice. I also had some really weird stuff with Robert's route at the end where he got mad at me for trying to sleep with him, and I did nothing of the kind. It's like the games branches aren't working properly (another example is my character asking him about Val, and in that route he never told me about her...) It just takes you out of the experience and leaves you quite confused. You think this kind of thing would have been ironed out in testing.The entire game became quite formulaic to me as just one wrong answer can give you a bad mark and apparently a bad ending, so I took to saving before every answer to make sure I got hearts for it. Going back and loading and saving for answers that seem really inconsiquential is a silly way to play a game like this but I really didn't want to have to skip through all the scenes again and again to get the good ending because of one wrong answer.My main gripe however is that the game just feels...hollow. I really applaud the game for its inclusion, but the vast majority of the characters are really tropey and without any depth. The dates with them are super short and seem to go nowhere exciting. Honestly...I think the plots are really dull. They just do not DO anything. To have a characters entire story be 'I secretly like a sport that millions love worldwide' is not really the heartwrenching, romantic plot you expect from a dating sim. There is no build up to these romances, they come out of nowhere almost every time and feel forced and unnatural. There are so many things that are mentioned that seem important then never come up again, and a lot of the routes are very similar. In fact they ALL end on the exact same ending which kind of makes it feel like the whole thing was pointless to begin with. I'm not expecting Shakespeare or anything, but i've played dating sims which have made me tremble with anticipation and cry with sadness for way less money. (Tbh I wish they put that 'secret ending' in, because at least that sounds exciting, and all the hints for it are in the game.)It's like they couldn't decide where they wanted this game to go or be  - funny, serious, sexy?? So instead it's a mishmash of all those things and all of them fail. Some of the dialogue is funny but it's not sidesplittingly funny as the situations don't give rise to anything that could be. Some of the scenes seem like they might be sexy then they cut to black. Moments feel like they might be serious and finally going somewhere, but then they're over in a click. It just feels rushed, unfinished and wholly unsatisfying. I can't even say it's TERRBLE cause it doesnt do anything extreme enough to be terrible, it's just dull dull dull, and in a way, I think that's far worse. :/"
76561198258075071,Not Recommended,654880,33884007,Posted: 29 July,all,gaybe,"I really wish I could say I don't regret buying this. I want to support this game and love it but... there's too many issues. And for $15? Save your money. I don't think I'd buy it for more than $10.Sure, this is their first game, but there mistakes are so sloppy and some don't even necessarily require being a AAA developer (Grammar) that they're ultimately unexcusable.Lets start with the pros.- Gay dating sim that's positive and enjoyable with characters that aren't the exact same guy with different hair styles-Light, enjoyable dialogue, funny dialogue-I love amanda with all my heart-art is absolutely gorgeous and wonderful to look at-Lots of diversity in all aspectsHere's the Cons.- Didn't feel like there was ... Enough. Three dates with a dad and that's it. That seems awful short, especially if you're really excited for one dad in particular.-BUGS. A LOT OF THEM.-Seems sloppy in some places. Like Mat's kid places a flower crown on his head but it takes several scenes for it to appear on his head. Mentions 'had fun at the bbq yesterday!"" when what i did yesterday was go on a date someone.-missing quality of life stuff. Like pressing esc to access a menu (closes the game which is kind of weird ? usually it brings up a menu.) There's literally only two options for music and 'streamer safe' stuff.-Feels more focused on Amanda than dating some Dads. Listen I love her, don't want to Not do dad things, but I came here to smorch some boys-Joseph route. You literally cannot get a good ending on him due to bugs. Given that they postponed the game 5 days to fix bugs this is a little ridiculous, given that its ... you know.... a whole ROUTE. Even if its not a bug, its extremely complicated to figure out (as no one has done it yet, or very few have) which is weird and convoluted given that all the other routes are pretty straightforward. If all the routes were complicated I wouldn't have a problem but its odd to make one character so complex.- Hugo's voice acting sounds like it was recorded in an empty room and echoed.-Within the routes, a lot of them were 1/2 other various events, and only 1/2 romance. Given that there's only 3 dates that's a little upsetting.-not all of the dads have 'happy' endings that feel satisfying to the player. It's so frustrating to get to the end only for them to dump you or something.-dadsona model looks... off. All the characters looked fully shaded and colored, but the dadsona has only flat colors and almost no shading. The choices for your dadsona also don't match the art style of the rest of the game, so you look very out of place.-I was surprised to see that Amanda is 18. She acts like she's 14-15.-A lot of tropes that, when used well, are enjoyable, but feel stale here-Voice acting is weird and awkward grunting-minigames feel so out of place and badly done. Don't match the art style at all, they're weird, and get quickly repetitive and boring.-Theres more I could say but I think you get the point.TD;LR sloppy, rushed, takes weird turns a lot, doesn't feel like I'm really romancing much, too much Amanda and not enough gay, too expensive for something so full of mistakes."
76561198262762327,Recommended,654880,33679323,Posted: 20 July,all,cloudmask,"Full of heart, this is quite possibly the best dating sim I've ever played. Every Dad is unique and an absolute delight to talk to, and the diversity is a breath of fresh air. This is the only game i've ever played besides Hustle Cat (which, if you enjoyed Hustle Cat, you will enjoy this game as well) where, upon customizing your character, you can actually make them trans (there are ""binder"" options). I was in absolute awe when I saw this; the game devs really do care about the player and you can FEEL it while you're playing. Besides the beautiful heart and soul behind this game, the art and music are fantastic. And of course it's hilarious; these are the Grumps we're talking about.Highly recommended for anyone looking for a fun time with great comedy, lovely character interactions, and actual diversity."
,Not Recommended,654880,33693701,Posted: 21 July,all,Johnny Joestar,"Before going forward with this reveiw I will mark it as a game I wouldn't reccommend, however, my feelings are pretty neutral on the game over all.When I first heard about the game I was very excited, a vn with lovely art and a light hearted plot sounded like just the thing I needed. However, I do have some complaints along with some praise for the game, as someone who is very familiar with VNs from large studios like PArade and Nitro+Chiral and also ones from independednt makers.Pros:-the art is lovely and has a nice feel to it over all, I'm pretty picky on style and art in general when it comes to VNs-the story is nince and light hearted, for what i've played.-characters are distinct and don't blend into eachother , design or personality wise-the music is fine, nothing to write home about, but it fits the game. I only wish they had an ending song rather than recycling the theme, but whateverCons:-routes are super short, especially for this being a $15 game, I expected a good few hours of play time with each persuable character rather than 3 short dates. Thhis game had the quality of something I'd expect to find for free on newgrounds rather than for sale.-from what I've played, two completed routes, the characters don't really have a significant character arc and the character building fell flat for me and they ended up feeling very 2 dimentional and not fleshed out.-the scenes with your daoughter's problems and such feel forced into the story, like they didn't finish writing everything and just decided to jam her arc into the story rather poorly.-while I love the art, the backgrounds and character sprites clash bady from a stylistic point of view. Especially since some backgorunds seem more solidly lined and others looks rough and sketchy. It doesn't blend well.-the main character's customized sprite also has the same problem with style clashing, which could have easily been fixed by doing the same kind of shading and line density as the npc sprites.-the game has little to no replay value. It's a one and done nothing game that didn't even have CGs to collect other than a pinup for completeing a route.-mini games felt b a d to play and more of a time waster than anything. They were tedious and not very fun, thanks for trying thoughOverall I did have some fun with the game, but I'd recommend saving your money for something with higher quality, better character building and an overall more compelling story. I'd recommend the game No, Thank You!!! which has been officially licenced in the US and can be bought right here:https://www.mangagamer.com/detail.php?product_code=131But if you decide to buy the game that's on you and this is just my opinion, take it with a grain of salt."
76561198053431355,Recommended,654880,33685047,Posted: 20 July,all,small_time_geek,"Pros:- Very cute athestic and writing. Very geniune with a bit of humour sprinkled in.- The art is fantastic!- I really like the inclusive nature of the game. The game is very pro-LGBT without impressing a ""message"". If you're here just to date a cute dad, cool, but the game does provide representation that I haven't seen much in other games. Some people will find this to be a ""con"" but if that's you, you are very much not the target demographic.- I love the dads. They all had their own appeal, which was helped greatly by the really appealing art style.Cons:- This is visual novel/dating sim, which consists of reading and occasional dialogue prompts. If you are expecting anything else, you will be extremely disappointed.- Although the characters are very endearing, I found myself at the end feeling slightly unsatisfied. Your relationship with Amanda is very fleshed out and, as is the case with most of this game, adorable. However, your relationship with your Dad of choice is a little flimsy. I wanted more interactions with them other than three dates and their ending.- Some typos that need to be ironed out. Nothing game breaking, however, but they will catch your attention when they appear.Okay, look, Dream Daddy is a dating sim game produced by the Game Grumps team. This is not Gay Dad Simulator with Jokes 2K17 with all the immature (if hilarious) humour that you would expect to find in a Game Grumps video. If you like cute games with neat premises and very heartfelt writing, you will enjoy this game. If you want potty humour and crass jokes, this is most definitely not for you. That being said, the game lacked depth of character interaction. I will continue to play through the routes but I do find the brief interactions to be underwhelming.Overall, I recommend it."
,Not Recommended,654880,33756792,Posted: 23 July,all,Archeia,"I cannot recommend this game as it is right now and I wish there's a middle option like ""Maybe"". As an avid visual novel reader, there are just some basic things that makes this an annoying experience for me.Here are some of the biggest caveats if you want to give this a try:1.) The save system is terrible. It creates a new file every time you save so you'll end up with a huge list. And deleting the en masse of files is a chore because of how ""slow"" deleting something is (where it shows the choices after some animation and having 15+ files to delete gets to you really quickly). It's also really buggy as the choices would restart an initial choice if you decided to load a save file after seeing the outcome of that one choice you are curious about. An example of this is in the chapter cook out or graphics randomly missing. You also won't remember which save file contains a chapter of your character so you might end up starting a new game.2.) There's no way to change the speed of the text display and from what I can remember, there's no auto function.3.) The skip feature is not fast enough. Because of issue #1, you have to recreate a character, do the same choices, go to cookout again and then start on dadbook. I probably should've made everyone at 2 hearts but by the time I finished Robert's route and going to a new one I was exhausted. It is not fun going through the same scenarios and waiting for the scenario to go to the first dadbook scenario.I also don't know what it means to 2 hearts everyone in one run (like will Amanda graduate if I do x amounts of hearts?) and I probably should've done that first before I 3 hearted Robert, but man. I don't know.A lot of my issues are technical and less about the writing of the game itself which is fine for the most part. But repetitiveness is a huge turn off for me but not necessarily yours.I will update this review if the UI updates to something where it's easier to go back to certain scenarios like what most Visual Novels do. But for now, I just have to say no."
76561197999588231,Not Recommended,654880,33998546,Posted: 3 August,all,Calo,"I bought this game primarily because I want to support the GameGrumps/Youtubers in general making or producing games. If that's what you want the game for, I say go for it.If you want this for an enjoyable game or because you love dating sims, I don't recommend buying it. At least not unless you wait until it's on a pretty decent sale.The writing is pleasant, absolutely. If you can look past the continuity errors, it's a well written game with enjoyable characters and great art... which seems like a decent game, right? However, I cannot support a game that sells itself as a dating simulator thatdoes notallow you to get a ""good"" ending with all Dads. Meaning, yes, there's a character in this dating simulator, while set up exactly like all the others... youcannot get with.One of the devs straight up called people sociopaths for wanting to get with said character, too. Maybe don't choose a dating sim if you think people are creeps for wanting one fictional character with another?There's various other, smaller things that add up as well that make the $15 price tag seem a little much:-Not a satisfying amount of time with the other Dads. It's mostly a sim about being a father yourself (which is still enjoyable, but not what I thought I was getting!).-Not enough variation in endings. There's multiple endings - but every ending is set up and presented the same way every time, so replayability feels limited.-Your options don't usually feel like they make much of a difference in the story, yet another can ruin an entire playthrough with a certain character if you choose wrong... which feels unfair, and you won't even realize unless you replay. (Yup - happened to me)-Those continuity errors I mentioned before: they're aplenty.-Your Dadsona has poor art compared to the rest of the game (that sticks out like a sore thumb), and not a satisfying amount of options to choose from to make up for it.-No CGs like most other sims have, just each character's base art (if you don't know what this is, you probably won't care).So, overall? No, I will not be recommending this game in its current state."
,Recommended,654880,33680511,Posted: 20 July,all,ThatKoiBoi,"I do like this game, but I wish it actually dove into the actual relationship of your dadsona and the other dads more deeply. I feel like it was severely lacking in romance. I finished the game and found myself going ""Is that it?"" It's hard to really see what you're getting without having the entire game spoiled for you, so maybe read some summaries as they come out before purchasing to see if the game is right for you.That being said, Damien is best dad."
76561198078711322,Recommended,654880,33819670,Posted: 26 July,all,MarchMagnolia,"*While I recommend Dream Daddy, I strongly recommend waiting for a sale. A big one. $5.00 would be a good price.Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator is exactly what the title says it is.You're a dad that can bang other dads, which is as ridiculous, hilarious and fun as you might expect. There are plenty of puns and dad jokes for the whole family to enjoy.What there is not enough of, however, is story. 7 hours of game time for a visual novel might seem like a lot, but keep in mind how many routes there are. With 7 hours of game play, I have completed 4 good routes of the dads, and 1 bad dad route (aka the awful knife dad route where you sleep with him on the first night and proceed to waste your game thinking that's how you romance him).The reason for this is because once you complete the story once, the replay value is not very high. After your first playthrough, you skip the entire story just to go on three semi-okay dates with the dad of your choice. Unless you want to be an absolute butt to your daughter and get her bad ending, there's nothing new in her story depending on what dad you prefer. I think it would have been nice if she was struggling to decide on what college she wanted to go to, as they all focused on various things, eg. sport, art, science etc. and as her father we could encourage her to do one or the other and then see how her character developed from that.Another problem is the art style. It is fantastic when it comes to the characters and the backgrounds. But let's be honest, your dad actually looks like he was ripped from Deviantart. I struggle to see why the character creator was drawn in such a less appealing way than the rest of the art. It's not like the creator is extensive - it's very limited.Voice acting was also promised, which is a complete lie. Strange grunts and the out-of-context ""dude!"" every now and then doesn't count as voice acting. The game would have been better off without it.All in all, it's a fun game. You'll play once for the main story, and then every other replay will be to just see what happens in the other dates. For all of the above faults, it's still enjoyable and I still recommend it, but I honestly would not recommend for $15.00. Try getting it as cheap as possible, as I've played better games for free. Would honestly recommend for $5.00."
,Recommended,654880,33685800,Posted: 20 July,all,Dave Dave,I finally understand why straight people play dating sims.
,Not Recommended,654880,33688042,Posted: 20 July,all,Azzy,"I can't recommend this game, I simply can't. I tried very hard to enjoy it and love it, but the further I got into the game, the harder it became to play.- The art style clashThe art for the datable dads, the background, and the player's dad are all VASTLY different, and it's noticable most when actually playing the game. The dads you can date are hyper realistic and detailed, where the backgrounds are bland, flat, too bright and unrealistic. The player dad is something you'd expect to see as a forum avatar. My dad's hair wasn't even colored in all the way, which left a very ugly white outline between the line and the color.- ""Voice acting?""The game is described as being voiced, which to me means I won't have to sit through walls of text with nothing but music to listen to. Unfortunately, this game isn't voiced, it's grunted, with every character having about a dozen or so grunts, groans, moans, and sighs that consist of their ""voices."" Most of the time you'll get a dad saying ""Dude"" when the text reads anything but that. It clashes with the story, and it really shouldn't have been there in the first place. Either fully voice act the game as I'm sure we expected, or don't claim it to be voice acted and have there be no grunting. The middle ground we got was lack luster at best.- BoringThe story is hardly compelling at all. There are moments of charm, like the interactions you have with your daughter, but otherwise you're stuck with bland text that never ends. Even character dialogue switches from ""nervous dad trying to fit in"" to ""alien who is trying to fit in."" Through the two hours I put into the game, it took about five or six different sessions because I just couldn't justify sitting down to listen to grown men (and my daughter) grunt while being harassed by the never ending text.- Bethesda choicesWhen you're prompted with a choice (however rare it is), they all feel like they'll lead to the same end most of the time. It's like the classic example from Fallout 4. No (Yes), Sarcastic (Yes), Hesitant (Yes), Yes (Yes). Very rarely did I think my choices matter, and I was often rewarded with arbitrary clouds of hearts or blackness (I suppose that's my favor with that person when dating them, but why does my daughter do the same thing?).  Even though it's a story-based game, I would have liked some sort of explanation of what was going on, rather than fumbling to try and find a meaning.- Pointless ""dates""I went for ""dates"" with Robert to only find that he ignored me for the entire day, then I was rewarded with points, skills, and a score? I didn't do anything with him, and I somehow got a C rank? If this is supposed to be a joke, they should try a little harder, because with all the flourish and offical looks of it, it seemed like it was supposed to be how I actually progressed in the game.EDIT: In the comments I have been made aware that this is the natural function of the game, but I believe it still echoes my earlier point of ""some sort of explanation of what was going on, rather than fumbling to try and find a meaning.""- CostThis game was fifteen dollars, and I can't for the life of me see why. Especially when the promised features are more like flops, I couldn't justify paying ten dollars for the game, much less the asking price of fifteen. At seven I would perhaps consider it, but it's just unrealistic as it stands.I have put in my request for a refund and I honestly couldn't recommend this game to anyone, especially with the current market of competitors."
,Not Recommended,654880,34677313,Posted: 1 September,all,kitouski,"It REALLY hurts to give this game a not recommend. It has so much going for it and does a good handful of it very well. It's more of a, ""if you're interested then buy it on a sale"" rather than a flat do not buy it, but Steam only allows me to say yay or nay so... here we are. Let's start with the good;+ Amazing art, and this is coming from someone who has a hard time with western art in visual novels. I completely forgot I was even concerned with this once I started.+ Great characters, with your daughter Amanda being a highlight for me. Some characters were better than others but everyone was pretty fun and compelling.+ A well executed theme... I honestly expected ""Dream Daddy"" to be a joke game at first glance and it doesn't miss that opportunity to tell it's fair share of jokes. I think it did an excellent job going beyond that though and taking it's theming seriously, without coming off as disingenuous or ridiculous.And then we'll touch on the bad;- This game is pretty short for a visual novel. 8-9 hours is about all you'd need to beat this entire game which is about what it took me. (Extra length on my playtime was for capturing footage and listening to that sick opening theme song)- There are a handful of minigames during your reading experience that are absolutely atrocious... they're like ""floating unity assets that made it through Greenlight"" bad. What's worse is these minigames that completely take you out of the experience occasionally have an effect on the story based off your performance.- The length is all the more frustrating when you realize you only get to date a dad three times before thier ending but it's still trying to tell a deep story. It often gets close to completely selling me on the story and conflict it could be presenting but that's quickly snuffed out. 7 dads to explore? That's like... an hour a piece.All in all I acknowledge that this games strong characters and unique theme will be enough for some but for me the length and a handful of poor design and story telling choices were deal breakers. It wants to be compelling at times but doesn't have the time to, and it wants to be funny but it doesn't fully commit to it with that limited time... I feel like all of this could've been fixed with just a little more play time or a cheaper price tag. If you'd like to check out a full video review I did on the game you can find it here,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSh6SpfrBlE"
76561198176230765,Not Recommended,654880,34123444,Posted: 9 August,all,seekingsemes,"Kind of disappointed with my purchase.. The graphics and writing are great. I really like the funny pokemon-style battle at the start. There are alot of cute moments with Amanda and the creepy twins made me laugh.Now to what I don't like. For a dating game, I would expect to see more romance with the Dads I'm dating. The dates seem more like friendly outings with the different Dads that were cute but seriously lacking in the romance department. Next, which is something many people already pointed out. The game is too short. For the price I've paid, I expected a longer game or a better replay value. Lastly, the game doesn't have enough CG with the different Dads. Why aren't there more CG? You only get one CG at the end of each Dad's route and the art of that CG is in a completely different style and is vastly inferior to the art of the game itself! Lastly, why tease us with Joseph as one of the datable Dads if you're not going to give us an option to get his good ending?? Apparently the creators think it's not right to give us Joseph's good ending because it's not morally right to be a homewrecker. Then fine, don't offer him as one of the dateable characters in the first place! I felt shortchanged.Do I regret my purchase? Yes. I enjoyed myself but I don't think it is worth the $15 price tag. In my opinion, an undecided buyer should just keep his/her $15 and go check out the let's plays of this game on youtube."
76561198066193848,Not Recommended,654880,33685875,Posted: 20 July,all,Count Thotcula,Really felt as if this game was lacking in a lot of aspects. I feel that I didn't really even get to know the characters on screen or really focus on our relationship. The game focuses strongly on the storyline of raising your daughter on the last couple of weeks of her senior year while that's all said and good the game is called 'dream daddy' for a reason. You date another dad and see if you have a connection. Which all characters (to me) were designed very VERY well. It's just that their personalities all seemed pretty predetermined as soon as I chose that route. I also feel this game was really overhyped because Danny and Arin are involved. While I do not care for their online show at all I found myself REALLY not caring for the subpar voice acting I mean some of the voices didn't even match the character at ALL. I know I'm being really hard on this game but if you hype a game up like this at least you can do is deliver.
76561198038600074,Not Recommended,654880,33994976,Posted: 3 August,all,mplafée,"I've played this game... a lot. I guess i was trying to convince myself i didn't waste my 15$. But in the end, except for a few laugh here and there, I did not have fun playing this game. I won't repeat what everyone is saying about he bugs and glitches,the bottom line is that it's true.It's like all the love and hard work went on the design, the look, ""make it more animal crossing looking"" one of the dev said on twitch. But nothing went into the writing. This is not a game for VN fans. The story is short and blend. The choices are obvious and unrewarding. The endings almost look like an after thoughts and are not memorables. It's like none of the dev knew what is needed for a VN/DatinSim to be good. They played through one or two and thought: ""hey it's easy I can make that. Cute boys, couple of puns. Let's make it gay people will love it."" A little like people who are not into art looking at a Picasso painting saying: I could make one of those easily . They might be able to make something looking similar but they won't capture the hearth and soul of it.  Just the same, there is no magic here.None of the route pulls you in and get to your heart. Mostly because the whole ""route"" is only three short dates embeded in the main, never changing, storyline. The first time you'll read it you'll think it's okay, the third time you'll Fast Foward it,  the 7th time you'll wish you could just skip to the dates and by the 10th time you'll ask yourself what was the point anyway.  And you will need to play it over and over again because the game is so short. It's not like at the end of a playthrough you would need time to get over your crush before you could ever think to date an other dad. You will just hop back in it hoping the next dad has a little more meat around is story bones.---SPOILERS BELOW ----Say you want to complete the game. You will have to read through the boring main storyline 14 times and more if you want to get all the acheivements. The differences in dialogue goes from minimal to none. But beware of FFW throught it because it won't stop for new dialogue that might appear.   You will easily go from date to date has you will have an unavoidable visual indicator for good and bad choices, you'll just have to reload the last (realy frequent) autosave to redo your choices. And when all is said and done, you'll always end up in your backyard, celebrating Amanda with mostly all of your neighbors, who will mostly say the same boring thing to you, until all the guest are gone and your chosen dad waits for you on a bench either wanting to just stay friends ( bad endings) or lovingly holding your hand (good endings) unless you romance one of those dads who do not have a good ending at all. They just leave you anyway but at least they say sorry.---END OF SPOILERS ZONE---In conclusion, I'm not saying to not buy the game, you just need to be fully aware of what you are buying. If a short punfull Gay dad loving ministories seems like something you would enjoy, please go for it. I do not think the dev did a bad job. It's just not a job i ended up enjoying even though i really wanted to. And if the Game Grumps name brought you here, you should know there is another youtuber dating sims in this world (not on steam though), it contains an ex grump, it's pretty long, it's pretty good and it's free.TL:DR If you expect a VN  with good story and emotion.  This is not for you."
,Not Recommended,654880,33748532,Posted: 23 July,all,Sam,"Usually I don't bother writing a review for a game. However In the case of Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator. I am really disappointed with what has been released. I want to start by saying this game is NOT bad. It's fine. But is it £10.99 fine? No. The game is filled with random small bugs that just ruin the overall experience.These bugs include:Character limbs clipping over other parts of the face. One example of this is when I was talking to Hugo and he went to put his hand on his face and, his face clipped through his hand and made this weird mess of fingers and chin.Multiple audio files playing at one time. Sometimes whilst talking to someone multiple audio files will play. Making a weird orgy sound.Character's reference events that you have not experience during that playthrough. I don't want to say who this is about. But there is one character you can have a one night stand with very early on. My character did not have sex with this other character. However throughout the game whenever I spoke to this character he would comment on the fact we had sex together.These are the biggest bugs that caused me to not enjoy the game as much as I could. Other issues include not enough direction when you are doing the minigames / not being user friendly enough. As well as a lot of typos. Everyone makes mistakes. There are probably tons of mistakes in this review. But when you are releasing a dating simulator, a game which is basically a glorified visual novel. Every sentence has to be carefully written. There are a lot of typos in this game.Overall I was really excited to see a queer friendly dating simulator with an incredibly diverse set of characters - No characters are a like. But at the same time there are too many issues in this game which at the moment cause me to be unable to recommend this game. (Also if you're going to bump the release of a game back by a week please just bump it back until the game is properly polished and finished)."
,Recommended,654880,34232141,Posted: 14 August,all,[DDST] Rasp,I wish Dads were real....
76561198403761442,Not Recommended,654880,33713632,Posted: 21 July,all,LazyBells,"I had very high expectations for this game. Was upset when the release date had to be pushed back, but I completely understood and was 100% fine with that.Still, this game did not nearly rise to my expectations.Let me get some pros out of the way:-Art. Loved the characters and their differences.-Very diverse personalities are represented.-Colorful, fun, good looking aesthetic-wise.There may be just a few more, none that come to mind straight away.Now, the cons:-The idea that the game is ""voiced"" gives the idea that there are more than just grunts and hums.-While the art was great, it would have been nice to seen more than 3 facial expressions per character. Especially Ernest. The poor kid was just trying to watch a movie that he was supposedly interested in and looked like he'd just drank too much dish detergent two minutes before.-Grammar. The grammatical errors were abundant and prominent (to myself, that is). I couldn't go a minute without cringing due to a missed comma. It was very poor. While others may not have noticed it as much, I couldn't go very far without noticing frequent mistakes.-There is not much detail that goes behind the dates. The player is virtually unable to form any ""connection"" with any of the dads, as the dates only scratch the surface behind furthering the relationships.-While I know the player's dad is supposed to act as awkward comic relief, it goes overboard. We get it, Stephen, you don't like to run and would rather be eating a burger alone in a corner. Sure, he's thinking about how to deal with Amanda's departure to college, but should it really come up in almost every conversation in the game?-Not all dads have ""happy"" endings. Some have both ""good"" and ""bad"", depending on how the dates went, but it seems as though some only have ""bad"" or ""neutral"" endings. If this is a fun, LGBT+ positive game, shouldn't it portray happy, healthy relationships?-Relating to my previous comment: the ""cult"" ending. While I, myself, have not reached this ending, I have heard about its possibility through some deep code-digging. This is horrifying, to say the least. As I said, should a fun, LGBT-based game have something as horrific as that? Portraying gay relationships as unattainable, or unrealistic? Nah, I didn't think so, either.-The ending seems to be the exact same, no matter the dad you pick. While your relationship with one dad will be changed quite a bit in the end, all paths lead to Amanda's graduation party. The same graduation party. Every time. Just seems to me like the writing ending-wise seems a bit lax.-Not too many options for the player's dadsona. Although, of course, I may be a little biased, as I am the type of person that enjoys creating their Sim more than actually playing the game.And, again, there may be some more, but nothing comes to mind.TL;DR: Don't bother with the game, especially with the $15 price tag. The cons outweigh the pros; I'm disappointed and wish I could go back.I was so hyped, too. I'm guessing that could be a big part of the disappointment: too much hype for what hadn't even been released yet."
,Not Recommended,654880,33736996,Posted: 22 July,all,Sheepo,"tl;dr i would recommend people to play it, it's a charming game made by wonderful people. not worth the price tag though.Pros:- Whilst they clashed, the art for the dads and backgrounds were really lovely and polished- All the dads have interesting personalities- Humour was good most of the time with funny references too- I loved most of the side characters- Lots of inclusiveness for different folksCons:- Customise your dad is way too limited and looks awful, your avatar in-game next to the dialogue looks bad and sometimes the colours aren't within the lineart- Way too short, I finished my first play through and went ""wait, that was it?""- Bad replayability, sure you can try and date the other dads, but it involves 10 minutes of skipping through dialogue you already read (mostly amanda's mandatory arc)- Feels like you spend more time dealing with your daughter than you do dating dads. This would be ok in a normal game but it's specifically a dating sim? I loved Amanda, but I wanted to date dads, this becomes worse after your first playthrough. Could be fixed by just adding more content for dating dads.- Basically nonexistent options menu. Where's the music slider WHERE'S THE BORDERLESS WINDOWS?BASICALLY, I REALLY LOVED THE CAST AND I'M PRETTY UPSET THAT THIS IS IT. Like you made some really good characters but you barely get to do anything with them. The 3 dates are so short. Pls damien i wanna spend more time with u"
,Not Recommended,654880,33813757,Posted: 26 July,all,Poi,"I typically don't write reviews for games but, in an economy where money is tight and purchases matter, I felt I needed to review this one.  Here's the summary: don't buy this game.The storylines for most of the dads are lighthearted and cute.  It truly is a heartwarming game.  However, that's where the positivity ends.  The routes are short, only taking around four hours to complete if you do the whole game and around 1-2 if you only do the dates.  The content is lacking as you only get three dates with each dad and this is hardly enough to build a true connection with them.  It feels like the route ends just as you are falling in love with the dad.Not only is story content lacking, the mechanics are abysmal.  There are bugs, unachievable endings, typos, continuity errors, and unplayable games.  The games are perhaps one of the worst parts.  One of the main advertisement points for this game were the minigames during certain routes.  However, in game, you are thrown into one with no instructions, no way to tell if you are playing the minigame correctly, and honestly come out of it with massive frustration.  For content coming from so-called game developers, the minigames aren't just irritating, they're a complete joke.Perhaps it would be better, too, if the developers had acknowledged the game's several flaws and made statements about what the bugs are and how they're going to fix them.  Nope. Nothing.  The game devs haven't said a word about the magnanimous amount of issues with the game and frustrations of their customers.So the low down is this... I can't and won't recommend this game.  It is almost laughable that the price is $15.  Maybe... MAYBE... if it were less than $5 I would recommend but my advice is to use your money to buy a better dating sim game."
76561198043961884,Not Recommended,654880,33872681,Posted: 28 July,all,LtHoneybun,"While I enjoyed the game at first, I have to agree with other people about a few things.-game feels short and incomplete. I've run into a fair share of glitches. Odd seeing as they delayed the game. Honestly, I would've preferred a longer delay if it made the game run smoother and longer.- the character creator is REALLY lacking, and it's treated a lot more like a joke than an actual character creator. It makes the atmosphere right off the bat feel like a joke, and it honestly feels a little condescending. Which is a negative because the creators wanted this game to be good representation for lgbt+ people to enjoy.-the ""multiple"" endings thing is not as great as you'd expect. There's a ""good"" end and a ""bad"" end for each dad, the bad end happens if you consistently pick blatant bad choices basically. It's painfully easy to get the good ends for the dads as long as you're mindful or y'know, just go back and choose a different dialogue option. There's nothing in between, or different types of good endings or bad endings. It's just one or the other.-limited choices overall, I feel. Your dad has a very set personality and there's points in the stories that'll leave you begging to choose your dad to say something different.-Once you get all the good endings for the dads, there's nothing really contributing to the replay factor unless you're truly curious about something or you want all the achievements. This is made even worse by the fact that it's so short.-In my personal opinion, there's a very forced ending/lesson with one of the dads that's ultimately disappointing. Writers have confirmed that there's really not a way around this, and it honestly feels horribly handled and very sudden for the game. Also serves to contribute to the above complaint about the lack of versatile choices or endings.-This might just be me who dislikes this, but what takes place on other dates hardly become relevant in other paths except for one scene that really doesn't impact anything nor explain much. By what I mean by this is that sometimes you encounter other characters on a certain date, and you learn information exclusive to that path. It seems like this'd be a perfect way to open up new endings or options in a different path depending on the order you do them in, but it doesn't. I find it personally aggravating.-From what I've seen, the writers and developers aren't really understanding the fans as they should be, which I consider to be a negative if you care to get into that side. Especially because they made a point about valuing their fans.EDIT: An article gave information that let down fans, and revealed their ignorance towards fan point of views despite claiming to be so mindful.These are SPOILERS for Joseph's route so tread forward carefully, but they purposefully put a ""romanceable"" married man in the game and then expected fans to feel guilty over playing his route. They also refused to put any sort of versatility in the endings to Joseph, so you're trapped getting two ""bad"" ends and that's it. It's supposed to some sort of point, but for a game that they treated largely like a joke from beginning to end, I think it's a little weird they refused to break conventions.Their point isn't helped by the fact that they make it obvious in game that his marriage isn't a happy one. You don't even do anything with Joseph until after he said he broke up with his wife, but this is somehow written as if it's infringing on a sacred, happy marriage. The first two ""dates"" aren't even romantic. You're hanging out with your neighbor. You're just spending time with your friend. Last time I checked, having fun and NOT flirting with a married man doesn't mean I'm trying to infiltrate his marriage. It'd make more sense if the romantic intention was more clear, but aside from this being a dating simulator, there's nothing in-game that really gives away you're seeking romance aside from clunky, forced internal dialogue by your dad. Things only get romantic until after Joseph said he left Mary.You get multiple opportunities to learn more about his wife, what's true and not true about her, and even befriend her... but this leads to absolutely nothing? There's no point. None of the dates cross over except for one (and like I said, ultimately impacts nothing). There's no unique endings. He always gets back with her, which this is tossed in suddenly at the epilogue, leaving you disappointed and confused. There's no way for a poly relationship or for the both of them to realize it's not working out.No, not everything works out in real life. Yes, things like this happen in real life. But I just think this showcases how uncreative and restrictive the game can be, and the flaws in storytelling and path taking. They force a narrative that your dad just wanted to get laid and ruin this marriage, and punish YOU for THEIR writing."
76561198400947031,Not Recommended,654880,33816631,Posted: 26 July,all,michaelfelix935,"I tried to love this game but it just isn't going to happen. The game becomes very repetitive very quickly. You pick a dad, go on a 'date' (which is just doing something for said daddy, like chaperoning an event) and then throwing amanda in there for good measure. Your own dadsona has absolutely terrible art compared to the rest of the characters. The back ground art is a joke. The mini games come with no explanation on how to play and no redos. The game gives you very little time to get to know the other dads and actually form a relationship with them. It all happens very quickly. There is no voice acting, just oddly placed grunts and other little noises ( Joseph sounds downright sexual half the time). All in all this is a highly disappointing waste of money. The whole game feels so rushed. I feel like there's a lot that could have been added but they just couldn't be bothered."
76561198063280532,Not Recommended,654880,34062908,Posted: 6 August,all,Augora,"I did enjoy playing this visual novel but I felt unsatisifed by the end of it. I feel that three dates aren't enough to fully get to know the dads and they felt a bit rushed (especially the relationship progression with Brian). And the lack of inclusion of the kids on the dates grinded my gears a bit. If I am going to date a dad, I need to know about the kids too. I need to see the father/child dynamics and I want to see how my dadsona will interact with them.For $15, it's a bit too much for a VN that I finished in about 11 hours. The game is still a diamond in the rough.Full review:http://www.the-backlog.net/dream-daddy-dad-dating-simulator-review/"
,Not Recommended,654880,34073569,Posted: 6 August,all,Orophias,"For all the hullaballoo that it's very different from your usual visual novel dating sim fare, it's actually pretty generic. The customization of your character only goes as far to what he looks like without any effect on the game proper. The minigames are kitschy, reminiscent of old Newgrounds games. The characters are interesting enough to spur your imagination and fill in the blanks on what the story left out, but all in all, not very fleshed out. The game itself is very, very short. You can finish it in less than a day if you want.It's a game fueled by hype and fandom. It's a gateway game to those who don't play a lot of visual novels, but for visual novel players this isn't as revolutionary as the hype would suggest.It's a cheap game, but it still feels very incomplete and I just hope the DLCs are free because right now the purchase doesn't seem worth it."
,Not Recommended,654880,33686238,Posted: 20 July,all,Eridactyl,"I really wanted to like this game... honestly, I did. I waited with everyone else, refreshing incessantly while we waited for what seemed like the inevitable ""see you on Wednesday"" tweets. I played just over an hour of this game, and I just can't. Yes, it's possible that it gets better, but as it stands, there is absolutely nothing that pulls me into this game. 10 minutes felt like 40, and I can't make myself want to play any more. The ""voice acting"" is nothing to write home about, half of the time the various grunts and snippets they say don't fit the scene at all, and Hugo's vocals sound like they were recorded inside of a tin can. Daisy is ridiculously pixellated against what is otherwise really awesome imagery, and the bubbly noise that accompanies the text as it scrolls merrily along the text box makes my skin crawl (which is admittedly an odd issue of mine and mine alone, and not one I think a lot of people would care about).I like that the game is inclusive AF, and it's customizable (though in a perfect world there would be more options... the lip options were all kind of hideous, but I guess that's what beards are for). I know it's supposed to be a bit satirical, and ""hyuck hyuck, bad dad jokes"", but it feels a bit like they tried too hard in the wrong places. I also couldn't care less about any of the characters - I wanted to like Brian but the first interaction with him made me hate him, and Mat is literally just Wyatt from 6teen all grown up (although maybe that's just my Canadian showing), and the only possible way I could see Joseph working out is if you turn your character into a homewrecker.Again, full disclosure, I could only stand an hour of it, and that hour felt very much like a generic dating sim. Maybe I'll take a look at it again when it goes on sale, but for now I think I'll be requesting a refund."
,Not Recommended,654880,33757658,Posted: 23 July,all,Parolles,"I'm torn.I like it, but it's disappointing. I can tell a lot of work went into it, and yet it just doesn't feel like there's much game here. I played the way I normally play video games with decisions (what would I do). Went on a few dates with the 2-3 dads I was interested in before going on a third date with one, which ends the game. Played for less than 3 hours.I suspect there's more depth here. I've seen hints elsewhere that you get different endings if you do different combinations of things, like date one particular dad a couple of times before going on your third date with a certain other dad, and I am curious to see them, but the game just isn't fun to replay. I tried. Even with the fast-forward button, redoing so much just to see if one or two things are different just feels like wasting time I could be playing something else. I am looking forward to seeing streamers play it, though.I don't regret buying it, because I am happy to support and encourage this kind of content. But I can't recommend you spend $15 on it."
,Not Recommended,654880,33687076,Posted: 20 July,all,floatingaroundspace,"When I heard about Dream Daddy, I was very excited. As I'm sure is the same for many people within the queer community, a dating game that's based around queer relationships that doesn't appear to use abuse or dub-con as vehicles to get to ""romance"" is an exciting prospect. There are so few games that show queer relationships in a positive light and to see one being made within the semi-mainstream is uplifting.It is probably this mindset that's made me disappointed in Dream Daddy; I was very hopeful about the game and excited about it. I was looking forward to a deep, meaningful game that explored romantic relationships between two men in a respectful light. While playing, I desperately wanted to like it. Unfortunately, I do not.Forewarning: I have played no previous dating games before so if there are certain points here that are basically found across the board in dating games and are pretty much native to the game type, then I had no clue.Warning:review below contains certain spoilers. Not major plot points, but endings and gameplay are referenced, as well as the overall design of the game. Major spoilers are hidden within spoiler tags, but general set-ups are not.Potential BugsWhile playing the game, your central hub is a ""DadBook"" where you get to click on the icons of the various characters and scroll through their likes, dislikes, turn-ons, etc. While I was scrolling, the images were jittery and at times appeared to glitch out, becoming very disorienting. It happened a lot, almost every time I attempted to click the scroll bar to scroll through information.Similarly, throughout the gameplay itself, certain avatars appeared to freeze, pop-up before they were prompted, disappear, etc.Personal TasteThis relates more so I believe to my own expectations than the game itself, but is perhaps my biggest hang up on me not liking the game. To some people, the dad humor and jokes might be amusing despite their cringey-ness or maybe because of it but for me, it was just cringey. There's a section within Damien's route where you accidentally happen upon some fanfiction mixed up in all the old books within the library and was just cringey instead of entertaining. I'm sure that for some it was laughable but for me it was a severe ""meh"" factor.And perhaps that's just my humor. I didn't find the dad jokes that funny. I rapidly clicked through the scene where you dance in poor dad fashion within Joseph’s route without actually reading because I found it not in the least entertaining and actually tedious. The constant stream of ""bro"" within Craig's route I felt cut into any of the emotional scenes and building of character. I've watched plenty of Game Grumps before, my favorite being their Blood Borne playthrough so I came in expecting a certain level of humor that I felt wasn't delivered.Play TimeFor a $15 game, I expected a certain amount of play time. I simply didn't get it. I don't know if dating games are usually this short but I felt like for what I paid, this game is very short. For each of the seven dads, you get to go on 3 dates with him. The last date is the date that will get you to an ending and as such, you really can go through around 2 with each dad before you have to commit and subsequently lose your progress with the others (unless you save and go back). To me, that's not a lot of playtime or even enough time for storytelling when it comes to those characters.Edit:by suggestion, I'd like to mention that I did click rather rapidly through at least one scene. Even so, the scene itself was shockingly short, with very few exchanges between you and the actual dad and very few choices to make in the first place.I also feel as though the game isn't really re-playable. You go through a route. If you do well, congrats! If you don't, bummer. But I'm not very motivated (and maybe this related to my personal taste) to go back and replay over and over and over again to get a ""good"" ending because I simply don't feel connected to the characters which leads into my next point.Story DevelopmentIn a word, I feel like the stories are rushed. Three dates to get to know someone? The dates don't feel that long, either, something that you can rapidly click through. Hell, within my 2.7 hours of playing, I managed to complete 1 route entirely, start the 3rd date on one (more on why I didn't finish that later), get 2 done on one, and 1 done on 2 others. It doesn't feel like there's enough time realistically to connect with these characters.The route that I finished, Craig's route, also had a somewhat jarring way of wrapping things up.On the third date, there appears to be a heart to heart peppered with various ""bros"" and whatnot and a big 'ol kiss as well as a brief conversation about making new memories, etc. etc. Then, when the ending comes around, the kiss and even the camping trip you went on is never addressed or even referenced in passing, and Craig decides you guys were better off as friends.It doesn't feel like a conclusion and honestly, given how it appeared to be ending it was a surprise twist that was, well, a surprise.The route that I almost finished but did not was Joseph's. It felt like I was playing a totally different person within this route; easily flustered, in love very quickly, debating the ethicacy of being in love with a married man, etc. etc. It was different from the bro-y, college-story telling individual I was in Craig's route. This might relate to the limited choices and attitude you can have as a dating game but all the same, it felt like there was a severe dissonance between personalities when it came to different routes. It didn't feel like the same uniform person throughout.Furthermore, the gameplay is interlaced with your daughter and her troubles. Now, this is not abadthing, at all. If anything, I found the interactions that I had with my daughter to be the most uplifting and powerful ones. However, they don't feel linked to the entire story. I feel like it would have been better to somehow mention your own attempts at dating, or feelings about moving on from your former S.O with your daughter, and in turn maybe at least reference your daughter struggling, in broad terms, with her own troubles growing up. It feels like two different stories running parallel to each other rather than just two aspects of life that could potentially be occurring at the same time and be tied together.Difficult GameplayThe reason why I didn't finish Joseph's route was because of the damn mini-game. When it comes to the mini-games, we need far better instructions or help to figure out what the hell we're supposed to be doing in the first place. I had a conversation with a friend about the gargoyle mini-game in Damien's route, where they didn't even realize you could flip the pieces, as it only appeared possible to turn them. In Joseph's mini-game, you're somehow supposed to make a broken radio work again, but there's no arrows, no instructions, no indication of how. There's a few visual prompts of sparks flying when you hover an item over a certain area, but it still doesn't help much because dropping an item doesn't even drop it in that spot.It's incredibly frustrating and disheartening and I feel could have been better designed to give users a better sense of what to actually do.ConclusionI really wanted to like this game. I was really excited for this game. But at the end of the day, after playing it for nearly three hours, I feel like the storylines are rushed and just not engaging enough for me to be drawn in. Perhaps it’s a personal preference, but I find the game disappointing. I think that you should look past the hype and try to see if dating games are first and foremost for you. If they are, try it out. If not, skip it."
,Not Recommended,654880,33712661,Posted: 21 July,all,Neopolitan,I was very excited for this game. Extremely excited but the game did not deliver. Head hype. Probably but in reality it wasn't really anything special.ProsWonderful writing got a laugh a chuckle a really good laugh. Loved the writingArt style I love the way they drew the characters. I loved the dads the kids looked full of life.Music is decent.Amanda is just a joy she was honestly the star of this game. This is a problem when its called Dream Daddy not Dream Daughter...ConsLack of story really. Nothing really big or amazing. Three dates boom boom boom ending done. As a Visual Novel a dating one at that. I expected to be sucked into the game really fall for the characters and I did but it just came to a sudden end with nothing really amazing out of it. As a game that is mostly reading. It kinda sucks when you just wanna fast forward to see if you got the good ending. Cause you really don't wanna go through the same 3 dates over and over again. Lack of braching story paths generally anything that would make it great.Lack of Steamy pinups. I was hoping this game to have Steamy content. It was a long shot but it makes a bit sad but this could have made up for the lack of actual story. Could have gotten some use out of it.Lack of heartThis game is basically here to be here. It doesn't have the heart it should. It feels like the devs just honestly hit check boxes on what is currently popular-Hot Dads - Check-Gay Culture - Check-Memes - Check-Current Generation Culture - CheckI am honestly upset with the game and gave it a really really good try. I was really looking forward to a Guy on Guy dating sim on steam! I was super excited hyped everything. This game has really upset me because I avoided spoilers twitch streams as much as possible because I wanted to experience the game for myself.  Save your money and watch a playthrough or wait for it to go on sale. I wish i could request a refund. I would buy this game for 5 dollars but its not worth 14.99. You can honestly get the same experience watching someone else play the game. I hope you find your Dream Daddy. Because I did not.
76561198064160698,Not Recommended,654880,33738054,Posted: 23 July,all,Heltinne,"I like DDADDS, but I can't recommend it at it's current state. I admit I was expecting a perfect game after the whole delayed release fiesta, but this isn't even close.$15 is too much for a short, buggy and unpolished game.The secret ending is UNACHIEVABLE. There are 3 achievements that 20k players cannot successfuly unlock.The writing is inconsistent and even poor at times, almost like the devs didn't play a proper, thurough test run before releasing the game. I honestly STRONGLY believe they didn't even bother testing the secret ending or making sure the golf mini-game is winnable at all (too luck based to actually succeed in it).The lack of communication (from the devs) regarding these problems is upsetting. Had they acknowledged any of this I would've felt better about supporting them, but right now...The artstyle is lovely, but sadly, it's not enough to make up for everything else.tl;dr:Devs: Fix the bugs, consider adding some free dlcs (to make up for the lack of content).Right now the game isn't worth it at full price, go watch a playthrough if you're curious."
,Not Recommended,654880,33756879,Posted: 23 July,all,Psii,"Not worth it for 14.99, more like a 7.00 game in my opinion. Fairly disappointed with the short, shallow gameplay. The art is gorgeous, and the characters loveable, but the game was lukewarm. Just as I felt I was going somewhere in the story, it ended, just like that. Three measly dates with a character and then it's game over. If you want to make the overall game last longer, don't pick a character and settle on them, go on at least two dates with everyone before you go to make your final decision. The romance lacked luster, at least with the character I chose, and ended all too soon, before anything really significant happened between them and as I was just starting to get attached to the Dad. There isn't really much voice over, just grunts and sighs, and occasionally a sentence or two at the end of date. One minigame per dad was highly disappointing as well. I had high hopes for the game, and though the dad jokes and humour throughout the story made me laugh out loud, I'm severely considering returning the game out of sheer disappointment."
76561197990290027,Recommended,654880,34042714,Posted: 5 August,all,Dr. Gate,"I went into this game hugely skeptical, because I read a few reviews. One of them was 'gay men are not the target audience', another was 'I felt commodified after [as a gay man],' and those were huge red flags. A few more were bug-related. So when I watched a friend play it and they let me make the choices for them, I wasn't entirely convinced, but I got Robert to sleep with me on the first date.So when I got $3 in my steam wallet from selling cards, I bought the game, and started robert's route. The first one I got was his lazybad route, in which youjust become a ♥♥♥♥buddy and he never talks to you and he dumps you at the end. NBDThen... then I started the good route. And then I discovered thathe's a surprisingly sensitive and sweet, if heavily guarded and reserved man. He's made a lot of terrible choices in his life and he's a terrible person, too,but I was so so so happy to find that if yougive him compassionate friendship and good advice and value his feelings over physical vices he opens up to you and tells you that even though he wants you, a lot, and that he hasn't felt that way about anyone in a really long time, that he needs to work on himself firstIt was so so so rewarding to play and watch unfold and my heart hurts a lot. It was such a joy to play a storyline that actually felt like a real person, and doing what I (that is, me if I actually knew Robert) would have done got such an emotional ending. I don't even have an inclination to pursue the other men, the storyline was that touching to me, that even though I've only played about a seventh of the game I guess, I feel like I got my money's worth out of it.10/10, ruined my life"
,Not Recommended,654880,33742315,Posted: 23 July,all,fuliculi,"The concerns raised by other negative reviews are completely valid.- Some art feels really rushed- Bad ""voice acting"", if you can even call that collection of grunts acting, poorly made recordings- A bad end and a good end for each dad doesn't make ""multiple endings""- The worst part of all is how little content the game has, and what content it does have is written so superficially, you don't really get a dating sim experience that most people play dating sims for- Incredibly short, can be finished in an hour or soIt's a beautiful game visually and musically, which is even more of a pity - I feel like they hurried this one out of the door and completed some things perfectly and left others incompleteWith the amount of false advertising this game had, I would love to see a patch with voice acting for at least some of the lines and alternate routes, but I doubt it will be free. Feeling a bit scammed overall."
,Not Recommended,654880,33713022,Posted: 21 July,all,taco,"The game initially comes off like a lot of effort has been put into it (which I don't totally doubt). There are sweet mini-games, the dad is pretty customizable, there is an option for binder-dads (for dads who bind), you get to meet the dads in a manner that makes sense, and you get to make a choice in the game where it's basically one dad or the other. However, after that point, there's no juggling of schedules or dads which could, for one, make a specific playthrough more interesting (though the writing is more complicated, I'm sure more people would be tempted to buy the game just for their own exploration purposes if the game was more convoluted) and the writing more complicated and interesting since the story would be forced to develop in many interesting and specific ways. I find the depth of the game really lacks partially as a result of that. Amanda is really the only other aspect you need to juggle, but the game never gets to a point where you need to choose between Amanda's well-being and a love interest or....yourself. So, in reality, Amanda is a piece of cake to handle (she really is a great kid though) and you're not ever really juggling anything. There's not much challenge to the game besides the mini-games and being careful in your responses. Each dad route feels like it could take that next step and that the point you reach at the end of each one feels like it's the beginning of the relationship....maybe even barely? There are both good endings and bad endings in this game, but the game ultimately really only has one ending that changes slightly depending on your relationship with the dads and I guess also depending on your relationship with Amanda. It's a little disappointing in its end game and I really thought this game was going to expand out into having a part 2 after the 3 dates (as in the story really only progresses so far until you do the 3 dates). Another thing that this game lacked was, imo, significant milestones. Don't get me wrong, there's really memorable parts that are really well written and super funny (significant pro of this game: the dialogue), but I feel like there are parts that could be even more special if we had milestone art or something thrown in there. I appreciate the dad relationships and the platonic love that progresses pretty well into romantic love, but I would have loved more romance, more intimate interaction, etc. Compared to other dating games, this did better in some ways like with the mini-games. I would say the writing was better and I really want to, but I feel like I was held out on. I definitely feel like there should have been more and I am a little disappointed because I wanted to love the game so much, but having been familiar with other dating sims and even just games that weave a romantic aspect into them, my expectations were higher.This game really had a lot of potential and started out strong, but......ultimately didn't finish strong."
,Recommended,654880,34954018,Posted: 14 September,all,HAL,it satisfies my homoromanticism
76561198067907479,Not Recommended,654880,33820606,Posted: 26 July,all,Karamelldrops,"At first the game was fun and sweet, but after a few hours the problems really started to show. Like how your choices hardly seemed to matter in the beginning (having a wife or husband/adopting or not), or when you try to skip because you're testing out another dad and it goes past new choices you make (maybe it's supposed to be like that, but I'm used to visual novels stopping when something new pops up).Another thing that really bothered me was the save function. It saved all the time, it took forever to delete them and you never knew which one to go back to. Also, Idk how to fix it, but I can't save anymore in the game so that's why I had to stop playing, and I didn't even get to bang that whiskey guy.I normally only buy visual novels on sale, because most the time they lure you in with amazing art, but the stories tend to be bland. So I'd reccomend buying it on sale, if you're into a meme filled game with forced romance. There are just too many annoying problems atm that it's not worth the full price. Heck, I even enjoyed it a lot until all my save files were gone. Maybe it was my fault but oh well."
76561198064459717,Not Recommended,654880,33782461,Posted: 25 July,all,Waschbecken,"I was expecting more. Sure, it is sweet and all that. I like the Dads and the storys around them, but I was cringing every time my own dad showed up in the down left corner. All the Artwork is so lovable and sweet and then.... there's Dad Dadson, the downright uglyest man alive.I tried many variations of my Dad, but they all look the same, 'cringeworthy'. Its like they dont even belong in this game. I would have liked it better if I had a variation of some nice drawn Dads I could pick from, with face animations like the others, than creating my own... nightmare Dad. He looks like he could be Amandas brother, or classmate. He dosent even look like a Dad.Sorry that I have to give this game a bad rating, but thats how I feel about it :/"
,Not Recommended,654880,33728905,Posted: 22 July,all,axeheads,"I really wanted to like this game. The dialogue is funny, the art is great, and it works well to have an inclusive cast. But there's simply no actual gameplay. There are occasional minigames, but 90% of the actual game content is sitting there, mashing the spacebar to read paragraphs upon paragraphs of dialogue that just isn't affected by the 'choices' the game gives you every fifteen minutes or so- and in a dating sim, text-based choices are the biggest oppertunity for actual gameplay. The only real choice you make is which dad to date, and even then, the game is over in 3 dates that take maybe 15 minutes each.In brief: I loved the style of this game, but there was no actual gameplay to be had."
,Recommended,654880,33721582,Posted: 22 July,all,Jay,"I'll start this out by saying I actually quite enjoy games like this, so I'm not bothered by it being shorter or dialogue-heavy (like this review, lol). If you're not sold immediately, I recommend you watch a playthrough or wait for a sale. Dating sims are basically choose-your-own-adventure romance novellas, so if that's not your style you might never be a fan. It's a very cute game, and yes, has a lot of room for improvement, but DDADDS feels very heartfelt. I'll start with the negative, since that's probably why you're reading this review:(Negative)Sound design. The voices (mostly grunting noises, this game is not fully voiced as you might expect) can be too loud at times, and on the ""date end"" screens can be barely audible. I did not use headphones, largely because of subpar audio. Most of the characters have their lines recorded with a decent quality, but volume levels are inconsistent and Hugo sounds, frankly, like he's talking into a cup. I feel like the voiced lines are too frequent and not of the quality I anticipated from the Game Grumps. Sometimes, the character noises can be jarring, and they're often misplaced, which brings up the next negative:Saves can, at times, not work properly. At least one of my manual saves ended up taking me back to a screen with no options, meaning I effectively had to search for another point to go back to. Those which did work often had other bugs, such as character art appearing where it shouldn't (Joseph's kids appearing during a date with Craig, for example) and the sound jumping around. Some dialogue choices you made earlier can also seem to change with saves, though it's nothing which affects date route progress. These are bugs though, but I'm optimistic that they'll be patched.It's short and feels a bit unresolved. Granted, I haven't tried to get negative endings (are those the alternates?) with anyone but Robert, but they all seem to end themselves the same way. Many end up feeling more like friendship, and aside from some dialogue, the game ends the same way (which, if you play other games in this genre, is a big no-no)(Positive)This game has a lot of heart. No. Really. I expected it to be a little crass but was pleasantly surprised of how respectful it was. The dialogue is humorous, but not (usually) dirty for the sake of being dirty. I find it to be very cute and the characters are pretty multi-dimensional. If you enjoy reading and characters more than gameplay or enjoy casual gaming experiences, you'll have a good time. This ain't Dark Souls (unless your idea of that is minigolf.) I expected it to be more of a joke than it is. I'm glad it's not.Speaking of humor, the game is chock full of it. I love the jokes. They're very modern, but not in a way that dates it. I rarely laugh out loud at things like this, but you'd never have known that if you'd watched me play.The art is, of course, amazing. The character portraits have more attention to detail put into them than what I see from major game studios and the small animations are smooth.Minigames help break up the dialogue, and they're pretty fun to boot. Some aren't as self-explanatory as others, but it keeps you from being buried in words, words, words. Heck, I'd like to see more of them on routes where they're not as frequent.Negatives are usually my buy/don't buy point, so I made them more detailed. If you're new to the otome genre, there are a few free ones you can pick up to test the waters with before spending $15 here. Buying or watching or not touching at all is your choice, but I'm glad I picked it up. If this review was too long for you to read, then you probably won't find yourself happy with the game."
76561198150701940,Recommended,654880,34143613,Posted: 10 August,all,AngryMintLeaf,"I enjoyed the game, and if you play through all of the routes it actually takes a good while if you take your time. I would suggest it if you want a small game for some laughs or digital love. Sadly, it is kind of short, and more content would be wonderful."
76561198071277652,Not Recommended,654880,33904686,Posted: 30 July,all,Captain Redbeard,"I bought this partly as a joke, and partly because I was genuinely curious because daddies are kind of my thing. I have to say, thank God Steam has the refund option.For starters, the ""Dadsona"" creator is not only very limited in options, but the options that are there are terrible. My first 30 minutes were just trying to make a halfway decent looking human being, but I was never satisfied. The (two) beard options make it look like the lower half of your face is missing.The length was short, but I only completed one dad, because he was the only one that was appealing, so I imagine play time would be longer if you wish to try all of them.Probably my biggest grip with this is that I feel like you have no control over what you say. 90% of the dialog is predetermined for you, and I didn't feel like I was my own character. My ""Dadsona"" was constantly trying to one up Brian and prove he was better, when really I didn't want any of that. You're literally rivals until the last 5 minutes and you have no say in the matter.Story was cliche and way too much time with Amanda.I sound really negative and I don't want to be. I liked the art style of a few characters, specifically Brian and Robert, and some of the humor was decent.All in all, it felt more like a flash game or something for $2.99-$5. There clearly was a lot of effort, but it just didn't work for me."
76561198014149445,Recommended,654880,33787667,Posted: 25 July,all,Kaif,"I have never tried a dating simulator before. I'm transgender, so I don't usually identify with the protagonist and his or her dating preferences.  Honestly they were just not terribly appealing to me.This game, though. Firstly, although I know your character is technically male, one of the body types is ""binder"" which makes me feel like they tried to be inclusive to trans men. I was able to create a character that reminded me of myself and helped a lot with the immersion.Also, the writing is fantastic. I found myself tearing up in some situations and laughing out loud in others. The relationship between the main character and his daughter is so well-crafted that I could feel thier bond and I immediately cared about making sure Amanda was happy and healthy.I'm not going to spoil anything, but this game reflects a much more realistic view of dating at dad age than I thought it would. It was fascinating and immersive and I am very happy with the possible outcomes.I am not one to buy expensive games (yes, I consider $15 expensive), but I feel like my money was well-spent. This game is worth it.Also, hot dads. <3"
76561198283261760,Recommended,654880,34320238,Posted: 17 August,all,hollyhopewell,"First and foremost, DDADDS is absolutely hilarious. I don't think I've ever played/read something that has made me laugh as hard and as frequently as Dream Daddy has. The dialogue is wonderfully ludicrous, and witty, with so many puns, it'll make your head spin, not to mention the ridiculous made up shows and double entendre.That being said, I have quite a few issues with DDADDS; mainly the advertising for it. Number one, it says a dad dating simulator, but in all honesty, it's really not. Most of the time, you're spending time with a Dad, not calling it a date, having one or two lines of internal dialogue that goes something along the lines of -- ""Oh no, he's hawwwwt!!!! Wait! Don't think that!!"", a quick ""romantic"", ""heartfelt"" moment, and then, suddenly, you're at Amanda's graduation party, and the game's over. There's really no dating involved. Most of the ""dates"" are pure happenstance, because most of the time, the dads need you to do something for them; whether it's chaperoning a dance or a trip to the aquarium, or watching a game that a dad is coaching. There's no romantic undertones either, save for an awkwardly inserted comment about their physical attractiveness, and no tension. It's just two hangouts, and then one more hangout, with a wham, bam, thank you, Pam, and boom, you're ""dating"" them....I guess. I don't know...I was just thoroughly disappointed, because this didn't FEEL like a dating game. It just felt like the writers spent more time trying to make it as funny and meta as possible with a very thin plot thrown in.My second problem with the advertising, is that it was being sold as this warm, heartfelt game, and honestly? It really wasn't. Again, it focused much more on being funny and quirky than it did on character development and actual feelings. Your relationship with Amanda was the most fleshed out relationship, which makes sense, since she's your daughter, but all of your romantic prospects are really kind of bland in terms of relationships. None of the men really seem to break out of their stereotypes, and if they do, it's SO cliché and overt, that it's kind of terrible.ie; Robert, The Bad Dad, being a big softie with a small dog, or Damien, The Goth Dad, who isn't goth all the timeAnd the sweet, heartfelt moments last a paragraph or two tops. Really. They finally address the ""problem"" with your love interest, and when things get interesting, they immediately cut it off and it's just so frustrating. Another problem I had with the relationships is the relationship your Dadsona was in before he came to the other side of Maple Bay. Your partner is mentioned in the very beginning of the game, which you reflect on them for a very brief moment, and then again in the middle, where we start to get a little bit of a backstory about them, but, then it's cut too short again, and we're left with nothing. How long ago did they pass? How do we feel about it? Are we even ready to date again? I'd really like to know more about that, and I was angry that we didn't get to know more. And Amanda doesn't seem to be affected by their death much, either. She gets sad when they're mentioned, but that's it. How does she feel about Dadsona dating again? In the game, she seems fine with it, but I feel like, realistically, it should bother her in a way, since one of her parents died, but whatever.Speaking of Amanda, this might be nit-picky, but toward the end of the game, she reveals that she got into a fight/betrayal thing with her two best friends and she was extremely upset about it. Her friends seemed to be cruel to her for absolutely no reason, and then, suddenly, they're back to being friends again at Amanda's graduation. Why? How? It just threw me for a loop, I guess. If you're going to include a conflict like that into the game, and then resolve it, give us a reason for how it was resolved!!Finally, the CGs. You get one CG per Dad, and honestly, they're not even CGs really pertaining to the game, they're just little photographs. What bothered me about this, is that they're all in varying art forms, which is extremely distracting. Not to mention that, in a project such as this, they couldn't swing to get more than one CG per Dad? Really? I've seen FREE visual novels with more routes come out with seven or eight CGs per character, instead of just one. And yes, I understand CGs would be hard to do with a customizable dad, but honestly, Magical Diary did it, so why can't DDADDS?In the end, I wish there was a ""Meh"" button, because that's how I feel. I'll recommend this game only because it's hilarious, and despite how much I ragged on the dads, I will always love Damien from the bottom of my heart"
,Recommended,654880,33765973,Posted: 24 July,all,Captain,"pros :- Diverse datable characters- Nice character dept, lots of surprises.- Amazing dialogues, I don't know who wrote them but this is the kind of humor I dig- Trans inclusive character creation- Good character designcons :- Paths can be a little short, maybe more endings would have been good- a few small bugs. Not sure if it counts though still they are going to be fixedAn awesome game overalls, good job guys :)just waiting for a secret ending patch/dlc"
76561198021172976,Not Recommended,654880,33706988,Posted: 21 July,all,Gus,"I tried so hard to like this game, i really did. But instead of a fun and engaging story i ended up going through one route without a satisfying payoff.There's BARELY any romantic moments in this game (and for a dating simulator that's very dissapointing). Kissing and other stuff is set to the most minimal setting possible. I picked one route but later left it on in the background cause i lost interest and did something else. It feels like such a let down cause i thought this would be a great game to represent the LGBT community but it felt more or less of a let down. I wouldn't call this a Dating Simulator but more of less ""hanging out with Dads"": On the route that i choose it consisted of hanging out with Brian (The only character i actually liked compared to everyone else so i had my hopes up) whom you do some fishing and some friendly competition. In the end route --SPOILERS-- you set your differences and just kiss...yep...that's it, there's nothing else. Of course later on after the route is completed and you get to the epilogue it just has you and Brian just talk for a bit, hug, and that's it. There's no emotional moments, nothing that really makes you feel connected to a character. There was just no actual pay off that makes you say ""That was a good story"". It felt more rushed liked i was in a Disney Princess film: no time for development and no time to actually relate to them. Take for example Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 5 (or 4, 3, etc.). While a strange example to compare to this game they're both at least similar in terms of a ""Dating Sim"" aspect. In both games there's options to be friends with anyone but you also get to choose who you want to have a romantic route with. However, in Persona 5 you get to learn about the character's history, problems, and experience in the world that help you develop a more long lasting relationship with the character (until you beat the game of course) but even then they give you a good send off. In Dream Daddy, you get to talk to Brian for a bit and do some nice mini games but i wanted to know more about him, his backstory and why he was so competitive, but instead the game does a time skip and sends you to a few months later for the epilogue where the level of the relationship just feels the same. I would even bare to say that Morenatsu has better character development than this game. Other examples would be Niles from Fire Emblem Fates and the romantic options in Fallout 4 (even when these routes didn't matter on the gender of the protagonist you at least had a connection to the characters whether it be relating to their backstories or something deeper).I'm not homophobic as I am gay myself but this game just feels mediocre and doesn't live up to the title. I expected romantic moments and lots of emotional scenes but ended up just talking to a random NPC without having a connection to them. You expected something at least longer of a romantic route but each character route gets 3 scenes (each of which only last for 30-45 mins) until they ship you off Disney-Princess style and say ""YOU'RE TOGETHER CONGRATS!"" without a satisfying pay off.I wouldn't mind waiting a lot longer if it meant diving a lot more into each person's backstory and personality. I'm not hating on the developers, you guys did a fantastic job on the artwork, music, and many other aspects of the game (customization, choices, etc.) but i would've loved to have more development in the characters i chose. Also, where's the Voice Acting? If i recall most of the voice acting consisted of random grunts or noises from the character that complimented the next line said.It might be a fun game to others but i just felt so uninterested in the characters and expected something better. Is it dumb of me to expect something out of a dating sim called ""Dream Daddy""? Pretty much, but i just wanted to throw my two cents in if anything. I know Game Grumps isn't known to take things seriously (I've been a big fan of them ever since they started back when they played their first game ""Goof Troop"") but i guess it's just me expecting too much from a game. I guess it's just not my cup of tea, sorry."
,Recommended,654880,33740748,Posted: 23 July,all,Princess Daisy,"This is a fantastically wholesome game. And I'm happy that the mlm community finally has a dating game that isn't pandoring to yaoi fans who fetishize mlm relationships. The option to have your dad be transgender, and the transgender represention with Damien was also fantastic. It was handled with normancy and was not the focus of the character. Which is a giant sigh of relief.My major issue with this game however, is the number of dates you have with the dads. I feel like 3 is far too less, while 5 would have been the perfect number for the price of the game. I'm hoping for some kind of an update to add 2 more dates. Maybe more dads. More customization. More interactions than just dates. I think that would bring the whole thing together perfectly."
,Recommended,654880,33745721,Posted: 23 July,all,shandy,"PROS-For an LGBT game, this was handled pretty well and had A+ dad jokes.-Amazing artstyle, everything was really pretty-The writing was great, it was hilarious and cute plus I have an amazing daughterCONS-The game feels too incomplete and short for a $15 game. Each dad had only two routes per character and I was disappointed that I wasn't even able to date all of them.-The dates were also pretty short and there wasn't enough development during the three dates before endgame.-There weren't enough customisation choices and most of them were joke/reference options (goku hair/anime eyes) . It would've been nice if we could create proper characters.A great game, but I kinda expected a little more from it."
,Not Recommended,654880,33779324,Posted: 24 July,all,fadiekay,"This first section is mostly about a current situation and I will update this review as the situation changes. The real meat of the review is below this statement.UPDATE:After the recent update we were abel to find a trigger in the code for the ""Escape From Margaritaville"" achievement it should be doable now, but the trigger for ""Worlds okest dad"" was there before the update and it wasn't gettable. So this first part stands until someone actually gets the a achievement beside the first person who claims to have gotten it before the trigger was even in the code.The community around the game is trying to get an achievement called Escape From Margaritaville. There are several achievements in the game that seem to be impossible to get and knowing that many VN fans are completionist makes that an extremely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing to do. The  achievement says “Secret ending” and the script for it is in the game files (I know cause I looked) but in none of the files are a trigger for that achievement (again I know I looked) though I found the triggers for every other achievement. They could easily put this all to rest by simply confirming that it is possiable to get that ending, saying that you can't get it is just old code from an earilier rejected version that they decided not to go with or say, what I suspect to be true, they still didn't get it working before the second release date and they are plaing to update it when they get it sorted out. What the developers and Game Grumps are doing isn't cute, it isn't funny and it shows a large level of disrespect for their customers.Actual review:This game has many funny moments, the art style is nice and the Dadsona creator is a unique feature, however it is not worth the asking price.Many of the common features for VN’s are missing from this game. There is no auto play feature, the save system is the worst I have ever seen (I think it is for forced replayability) it saves over the few and far between auto saves as well as your ONE manual save (making the manual save only useful for coming back to the game after a break) as it goes, the skip feature is literally a button you have to hold down the entire time, there is no way to go back or read prior text. There is no way to adjust the volume on the music, back ground sounds or voices. The only audio choices are on, stream safe, and off. The music is good, but it often drowns out what little “voice acting” there is. The sound effects and background sounds are very bad and very loud. There are only 7 CG’s one for each of the datable characters and no scene replay.They claim that it is voice acted it is, in fact, not. The “voice acting” is the occasional grunt and exclamation and while I have seen this in other VN I have not seen it in one that had the time and budget that this game had. It is put together in a way that suggests that the creators don’t really play VN or dating sims and had an idea for a “joke” VN, looked at a few of the free VN’s on itch.io and said “Yep, that’s what they are like” and called it a day. There are many examples of free VN and dating sim that have more content and replayability than this game (example: Seduce Me the Otome which is on steam). You can also make a good, fun and funny VN that is a not slap in the face to all VN fans and more accurately depicts the LGBT community.  (example: Coming Out On Top which, even though it is funny, has graphic sexual content and is not available on steam)Overall this game was ok but a real disappointment after all the hype. I would have enjoyed it more if I had just stumbled across it on a sale later down the road. The rule of one hour per dollar spent does not work for this game as many of the hours you will spend playing involve being forced to sit through the same repeated dialogue over and over as there is no way to save after choices and go back so you don’t have to sit through it all again."
76561198044049008,Not Recommended,654880,33757974,Posted: 23 July,all,Tavi,"I enjoyed this game more knowing who made it and how hard they worked and how hard they're still working at it, but overall this game just needs a little more polishing. Some of the text doesn't fit (there's a point it says that the room is spotless, and there's loose paper on the floor and a shirt on a chair, as one example), there's a couple of typos, and 2/3 of the endings I've gotten are just, bittersweet. I prefer happy endings myself, and on the forum it even says there's a glitch to a specific happy ending. All of the scenes are devoid of anything, even people (not even like, faceless stick people, even when it says (insert scene) is packed with people). As a dating sim, it just needs a little bit more finish to it but overall not bad! But I wouldn't suggest it to anyone expecting a full and finished dating sims. I liked the characters and development, and all the banter is A+"
,Not Recommended,654880,34009064,Posted: 3 August,all,oriba,"Some of the jokes are amusing but I really dislike the character creator, and am having a hard time with the game today ( I got it last night ).I was able to complete Joseph's 'main' route/ending.I've attempted several times to strike up a relationship with a new LI in a new save file and if the game doesn't freeze on the load screen, I get all the way to the end of the first date only to be met with 0 points and a 'frozen' streen that doesn't respond when I click anything.I found the voice acting kind of unnecessary. Given they aren't actually even speaking their dialogue, and are typically just making weird noises or completely unrelated comments, it became annoying quickly. I want to like the game, I want to complete it ( I'm a completionist lol ) but I can't seem to and the frustration and lack of patience has ultimately ruined it.There's also a lot of really annoying references to cringy modern-America culture that ruins the experience for me."
,Recommended,654880,34844769,Posted: 9 September,all,majiggerrose,"Dazzling Gem of a Dating Sim (Yes. Really.)[[TL;DR REVIEW COMING UP]]So, I bought this game ""for the lulz"" because one of my hobbies is playing and making fun of dating sims for my own amusement.Turns out this game trolled me into laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off not AT the game, but WITH the game. The mix of clever and outlandish is amazing. The only thing that MIGHT be unintentionally funny is some of the voice acting (particularly the character of Robert), but I feel that might be a subtle jab at the ""sexy"" voice acting in bad, stereotypical dating sims.It also has a lot of heart. The artwork is great and while the look of your avatar may spoil the mood a bit (even if you try and make them look normal---which I actually suggest you do the first time you play), it's still a really touching story that definitely squeezed several good tears out of me on multiple moments during my first playthrough. Despite being a dating sim, it's mostly about a relationship between a father and his daughter. I won't spoil it for you, but as someone who is closer to my father than anyone else in the world, this got me pretty emotional.The music is pretty cool too. Even though I've tried like 10 times to beat one of the minigames, the music is so catchy that I still don't turn the sound off.My only real critique that I can think of right now is that I wish the voice acting was a tiny bit less repetitive. That's something they really can't change, so I'm not going to comment on the the very tiny bugs because the developers can patch that up.[[TL;DR REVIEW DONE]]TIPS:Go on two dates with ALL dads on your first playthrough before picking one.Try to make your avatar look normal-ish for your first playthrough.Save regularly, especially before minigames.Wait a little bit to go on a date with Joseph.SCORE95% (for folks into/used to dating sims)85% (for folksnotinto/used to dating sims)"
,Not Recommended,654880,33908054,Posted: 30 July,all,em🌙,can't recommend this game as the devs still haven't addressed certain issues (bugged achievements - they apparently fixed some but there's at least one that they still haven't fixed/addressed which is kind of irresponsible seeing how much controversy it has stirred). they also don't bother communicating with the fan base and only ever seem to respond to positive feedback.wait for a sale if you really want it.
76561198420289390,Recommended,654880,34882094,Posted: 11 September,all,imasatom,Great visual romance game/simulator. Enjoyable until u completed the game with dads.  Then no replay value afterwards.  I wish there more dateable dads though.
,Recommended,654880,33684158,Posted: 20 July,all,QueenCastiel,excellent game. finally a father who won't disappoint me. 5/5 stars. can't wait for the mom sequel.
76561198067528704,Not Recommended,654880,33679432,Posted: 20 July,all,GOATS N STUFF,"my biggest problem with the game is that it refferences choises i never made in the game, making it unplayable as i am sure some endings require choises to not be made that gets automaticaly made for you in the later dialog, which really confuses me after the delay to fix bugsi personaly hope that this will be patched or there's no point in playing this gameas of now  i dont recommend this game, sadly"
76561198064516811,Not Recommended,654880,33703496,Posted: 21 July,all,jessmac47,"While I love the concept of the game, and the art styles, honestly I'm pretty disappointed. There are some fundamental flaws that really should have been ironed out beforehand for a £10.99 game.-The story is cute but not very deep and there's not much content.-The make a dad character creator has tons of silly options (heart eyes etc) and very few normal looking options. There was ~3 happy mouths and all of them were weird? Also the style of your character is different to the other sprites, which really clashes as it's on screen most of the time.-The voice lines are jarring and repetitive- every line starts with a 'HUH' or similar, which often doesn't make any sense with what's being said.-Some of the mini games are boring as hell e.g. the concert one where you have to get through a crowd to find your date just involves walking forward for 1+ mins. They just feel really shoe-horned in-There's continuity errors- I said my last partner was a woman in a conversation with Amanda, then later on my character got sad over the loss of Amanda's dad? This should have been picked up before the game was released.-It's a little boring... there's not many options to choose from, you just scroll through a lot of text. I'm a fast reader that enjoys visual novel style games but I'd like a bit more influence over the story.I'm not saying this game isn't worth playing- it's still fun, especially if you play with friends! It's also super inclusive and I really appreciate that. But it's not worth the price tag, maybe wait for a sale."
,Recommended,654880,33792786,Posted: 25 July,all,Marchioness of Mustache,"Whether you're wanting to play this game for the jokes and parody, or if you're really interested in dating some dads, this game works out either way. Tons of jokes and references, very funny the whole way through. Charming and interesting characters and story. I was originally leery of the game since it's first and foremost a parody of romance visual novels, and I legit just wanted to date some dads, but I can assure you that no matter which of the two experiences you're looking for, you can enjoy either (or both!) with no problem.You can date a mustache teacher so this is already better than every other game on Steam. But I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and content of the game. I laughed a lot and couldn't stop talking about it with my friends, and I fell in love with some dads in the process.A single playthrough without skipping dialogue and stuff probably takes 1-2 hours depending on how much content you see (you can skip a lot of stuff by just choosing to eat or sleep instead of interacting with people).  I spent my first playthrough ""role-playing"" things I'd really choose IRL, and then after that it took me three playthroughs to clear Hugo's scenario properly. Before playing, I wasn't sure if I was going to really even bother with all the stories and characters, but now I want to see every last scene and line of dialogue in the game for myself.Also, if you're an actual fan of the romance simulation genre, this game is definitely not one despite the subtitle -- it's just a visual novel with a romance theme.There are a couple of downsides, but in my opinioin they are minimal and don't take away from the enjoyment of the game (though fixing/adding them would improve the game vastly):Firstly, the script needs proofreading. Like, badly needs it. Fortunately there's not a lot of really jarring stuff, but if you're a literal reader like me, you'll have to reread things several times or just be taken out of the experience because of the abysmal punctuation (missing commas everywhere, apostrophes where they shouldn't be, periods instead of question marks, etc.) and inconsistencies (is it DadBook or Dadbook? Who knows, they stylize it as both. And DADBOOK, too!) and just cringe-worthy elementary school errors like not capitalizing the word ""English.""Secondly, there are no CG stills or special scenes, other than a single prize image for each dad upon completion of their scenario. Everything else is told completely through portraits and bottom-screen text. So if you're hoping for a gallery of cute scenes, you're not going to find it. This was a bit of a disappointment since that kind of thing is a staple in the genre, but I understand the burden of creating all that artwork, plus the game is tons of fun without them. It's short and varied enough, and with minigames, that you don't really need these rewards throughout the game as a break anyway. But I still would have loved to have seen a cool illustration for each date, maybe by getting the S rank or something.Lastly, the voices are not so great. They have some funny lines (took me like a dozen times of hearing it to finally get the ""goosebumps"" one lol) and the voices are just little small clips here and there, so they don't hurt the game experience; I just wish they were better, and honestly I would like to imagine Hugo with a sexy voice (I thought the kid doing his voice was just some kind of weird ""announcer"" at the end of the date, like a game narrator... took me forever to realize it was even supposed to be Hugo because the voice was so unfitting). Being said, Joseph's ""hmmm"" sounds make my knees weak. So it's not all bad. Just... I really love Hugo, OK? XD I want him to be PERFECT.Anyway,  I don't think any of those three things are worth avoiding the game. Great humor, great characters, charming and cute stories, tons of cheese, and of course a harem of hot dads. If you like any of those things, you'll probably enjoy the game. Also props to the devs for making the cast diverse and the character creation inclusive.ALSO VERY MANY BONUS POINTS FOR USING THE PROPER NAMES FOR THE MUSTACHES. I can't tell you how much admiration I have for that!Anyawy, I usually like to 100% a game before reviewing it so I can write the review based on the full experience, but I just really loved this game so much that I felt like I had to write a review for it now. I've only played Hugo's route in full (and like, 4 times LOL) and then barely waded into a couple of the other dads. With what I've seen so far, I can't imagine the rest of the game being bad. If somehow my opinion chagnes later, I'll just update the review."
,Not Recommended,654880,33861048,Posted: 28 July,all,zerocontrol_m98,"This game should be renamed No Dad's Sky.  When I first heard about this game, I thought it'd be hilarious.  It isn't.  The jokes aren't funny, and everyone was all excited about the game having the ""voices"" of the guys from Game Grumps-- which it doesn't, it has their grunts and laughs and various noises, but there is zero voice acting.  And why doesn't this have better controller support?  Literally the whole game is choosing one of three dialog options and somehow I can't use a controller for that?  This is a minimal effort game with minimal effort jokes.  Hearing that text sound and the same 3 expressions over and over is insanely annoying.  $14 for a game that should have been released as a flash game on Newgrounds in 2008."
,Not Recommended,654880,34362027,Posted: 19 August,all,degen.j,"I really enjoyed this game, but I have to say when I reached the ending I was so shocked to be seeing the credits. This game is so short considering the $15 price tag. It's definitely cute and funny. Very entertaining, but I wanted more. More character development. You barely scratch the surface of most of the dad's personalities by the time you're forced to choose who you want to end up with. Also, some of the relationships were very unfulfilling. I would've loved to have more choices in dialogue also. Sometimes it felt like you had several choices that basically all lead to the same response, just phrased differently, and what is the point of choosing the ""right"" dialogue (when hearts or eggplants shoot out of the dads) if once you go on the 3rd date you get the same result. This game could definitely benefit from either adding a LOT of features or a significant price drop.Tl;dnr -- lots of potential that is not lived up to. kind of a let down."
76561198254916126,Not Recommended,654880,33820543,Posted: 26 July,all,bitch i mightwing,"I played through this whole game and found quite a few problems with it. However, this doesn't mean that I hate everything about the game. I particularly enjoyed the characters Craig and Damien. Craig was very funny to me and I was really able to relate to Damien, as I am trans as well.I feel that though this game has been delayed twice, there are still many glitches in it. I've read that a lot of people have not been able to get the Walk Mary Home scene, while in my own playthrough, I ended up getting it 3 times. There are also a lot of glitches where the sprites of certain characters will show up in scenes they do not belong in. Another thing I noticed was that a lot of the backgrounds seemed strangely... Unfinished? They seemed a bit rushed, in my opinion, but they could be great with a little more work.Sometimes, seeing the Dadsona pop up in game was really awkward, since the art style made to create him contrasts so much from the art that is used for every other character in the game.Saying that this game was voiced is a bit of a stretch. At most, you get grunting sounds and small phrases from each of the characters. I noticed that Hugo even sounded like he recorded in his own bedroom, instead of in a studio. The quality of his audio is much worse than the other characters.Now, for the dating part of the game. The game is labeled a dating simulator, but there are just some characters that you can't end up with no matter how hard to try. Not to mention the fact that you can also date a married man -- Which is completely and morally wrong, even if it is in fiction. It gives gay people a bad name, you know?Some of the dates didn't really spark up the ""romantic"" feeling that they are supposed to in this style of game.Lastly, I feel that the game is a bit overpriced for the amount of content that you actually get. If you play through the game, only dating one dad, you probably will only get 2-3 hours of content at the most. If you would like to purchase this game in the future, I reccomend that you wait until it is on sale."
,Recommended,654880,33683162,Posted: 20 July,all,animaster,"My main complaint is that in the create your daddy, it says thick bod. WHY NOT♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?!! DEVS GET ON IT!!!"
,Recommended,654880,33744802,Posted: 23 July,all,Zozo-neko Ishikawa,"This game is AMAZING.I'm going to try to list all of the things that are good about the game, and  the things that are bad.GOOD:-The music is really good and addictive. I need a soundtrack asap.- The artstyle is clean, crisp and has made a very unique and complex world within the confines of the game. You can play this game for hours and not get tired of how it looks (or sounds!)- The writing is beautiful. The comedy is on point, in current (and also dad-like un-current) style. The father/daughter relationship you have with Amanda is unbelievably realistic and had me rooting for my baby of whom I didn't even knew existed before June. The writing is deep ,thoughful and true-to-life, and had mesobbing various times, in sadness and happiness. It's ability to shift tone and atmosphere without it being too jumpy is great.- The modern aspect of this game and it's characters. You can customise your character to be trans, in a variety of sizes,and an even bigger, impressive, variety of skin tones, much like how all the different dads are difference races and skin tones, aswell as different in terms of identity, aswell as a variety of family set-ups, and LGBT+ lives (example: Damien is trans), but all of those things aren't made into some big thing. Infact, I believe many players would even happen to overlook these identities, and just view every character as human, and that is an amazing achievement, as well as realistic and wonderful representation for people of different races, religions and identities. The autosave feature in top of a manual save feature is a godsend. So many times I've went through choice-based games, made the wrong choice, and have had to start the whole game all over again. now, I can go back to the previous save point and it's close enough to get me back to said options within seconds.- The minigames. Oh boy. The minigames. Just... just find those beauties out for yourselves. All I can say is, be sure to save the instances before the games start because you WILL want to go back to them.BAD:- It's still a little buggy here and there, but I doubt many would even notice. A split second of a character appearance while the file tries to sort itself out, the odd spelling/grammatical error. But seriously. barely anyone is gonna notice when they happen, it's only that I'm OCD about quality that I noticed anything at all.- It would be nice to have an Arcade Feature in the game in future maybe, once you've played a minigame in the storymode, maybe the arcade that could be at the title menu could feature the game, or an endless version of the game, or a score-orientated version of the game. The Ska Piano Mini-game had me laughing my a** off, but I don't want to go all the way through Mat's storyline again just to get to it... and yes, the saves really help me get back to that point, but that can confuse things when I'm trying to play a different storyline, and I can't save it from my trigger-finger, and if I happen to accidentally erase the save, I'm gonna have to go though a storyline all over again just to find a pre-minigame save point and that's annoying. Something to consider.- People are gonna demand DLC's. I can see it coming. People are gonna demand the Cult Ending as a DLC for October or something, people are gonna want backstory DLC's, especially for Damien. I can see it on social media already. Whether or not that speaks to some kind of lack of depth in the story in the game or not, I'm not sure, personally to me, the story in the game was enough, we dont need to know a person's whole life story when we date someone in real life, so I don't get why we'd need to in the game, but I know others won't see it the same way. Prepare for it.- The publicity. People are talking of boycotting the game, or pirating it, simply because of GG or some other petty reason. This isn't the game's fault. But our's. So anyone considering not buying this game and pirating/boycotting it instead, Don't. I understand the GG have done some things/said some things that you may not have aggreed with, but all GG did was give them some resources/money to take off and develop the game. This game was made by many indie game creators/writers/artists/designers/etc, many of whom are LGBT+ and worked their butts off to make this game the amazing representation of modern life and equality, do NOT mess them up by being petty. This game is great, it's soul is pure and you need it in your life.In a nutshell: GET THE GAME IT'S GOOD. If it ends up ya don't like it, fair dos, get a refund. Just give it a chance."
76561198156024924,Not Recommended,654880,33707833,Posted: 21 July,all,aaaa,"I'm going to be completely honest. Maybe I expected too much out of someone's first game, but I ended up pretty disappointed. The art for characters (NPCs, at least) is AMAZING, the dialogue made me chuckle a couple times, and I loved the inclusiveness. But there wasn't much else to enjoy.First off, the background art. It doesn't fit in with how the characters look, and it really doesn't feel like much effort was put into it. One that really bothered me was an aquarium one, where the fish looked like something a 10-year old would draw (it was literally shaky lines for the body, and misshapen circles for eyes. No exaggeration.)The character creator's art style also stuck out like a sore thumb. Compared to the art for the Daddies, your dadsona was cartoony, and minimally shaded.  Some hairstyles also weren't coloured in properly, with white pixels near the outlines. You didn't have different personality options for your Dad, either. You could pick a muscled body type in the character creator but your Dad would still say multiple times throughout the game that he doesn't like exercising, isn't in shape, etc. He's also incredibly awkward, no matter what. Fortunately, I like that kind of character, but it sucks that it can't be tweaked even a little bit.The voice acting was comprised mainly of grunting. The volume of some lines were incredibly loud, whereas others were so quiet I couldn't even figure out what they were saying. Also LOTS of text, but that's pretty typical of a dating simulator.This is more of a personal issue, but with the one bad ending I got I was given a VERY bad first impression of that character, and it really ruined him for me. I'm sure there was a way to go about making bad endings without making the characters feel like complete jerks (this is specifically about Robert though, I couldn't tell you about the other bad endings.) At least one of the ""good"" endings doesn't feel at all like a good one, either. (I kept replaying it trying to get the ""good"" ending, only to find out that I actually did.)It's also very short. You get 3 dates with a character, a few scenes with your daughter, then an epilogue that is nearly the same every time. I put a bunch of hours into reloading save files (which tend to delete on their own, too?) thinking that I was missing something and that there was more to the game. There wasn't. $15 USD is a lot to pay for 3 dates.I was expecting a lot out of this game, but it's just your generic dating simulator. I tried really hard to enjoy it, because I had been so excited for it, but it just wasn't worth the money. I'd recommend waiting for a sale if you're thinking about buying it."
76561198144775072,Recommended,654880,33678250,Posted: 20 July,all,Ryoutasu,"This game so far is very very lovable! The characters are not only adorable, but super quirky. Amanda is adorable, and I love all the hot dads I've met so far!!"
,Not Recommended,654880,33800470,Posted: 25 July,all,DragonAion,"Points:Not worth $15 - wait for it to be on sale.Short game time; I was done with one playthrough in an hour, three dates per playthroughNot relatableVery simple representation of your character (as bland a person as you can get, with no special interests or hobbies)Main plot (PC's daughter Amanda) is simple and stereotypical teenage dramaNot a lot of backstory into how the childen are being raised; they're like accessories rather than peopleGorgeous artLovely effectsMini-games are very enjoyable----This is a very good idea and I was enamoured by the art and characters, especially Damien, but was very disappointed to see how short the dating was; it was only three dates and I was done with the playthrough in about an hour or two. I am not the kind of player who dates everyone, I already had my interests on Damien and that was all I was interested in seeing, and that short amount of gameplay with such limited options, being boxed in as such a simple father that it was not relatable by any means, and limited conversation pieces (only 3-4), this game should be fleshed out much more before it could be worth the $15 cost.Yes, GameGrumps and friends are good people and I can tell (really, the art and effects are gorgeous and the mini-games are a blast) that they tried really hard to make this work, but I think this is a prime example that a year's worth of making does not mean you will get even a month's play out of it.As is, I'm going back to Stardew Valley and Skyrim; those are much better means of getting my romance fix."
76561198036295407,Recommended,654880,34863785,Posted: 10 September,all,huntingdon1701,"Surprisingly compelling storyline and characters. There's a fair amount of fast-forwarding when you replay for the other endings, but they've allowed an easy way to manage that and judicious saving also helps minimise it. Worth the price."
76561198256599155,Recommended,654880,33684970,Posted: 20 July,all,umachu,My son loves this game!
,Not Recommended,654880,33867773,Posted: 28 July,all,trashboat69,"Most of my playtime is from being stuck in a loading screen. It took 15-20 minutes to get past each one, until it got to the point where the game froze and had to be force quit. After that I was unable to load any of my saves, stuck in the same loading screen hell. I contacted the developers several times and received no help, but they had plenty of time to retweet and like every post mentioning their game. Please read the other negative reviews as they list all the other issues I would have addressed. I'm very disappointed by this game. If you absolutely must have it, get it on sale. As is, this game needs a lot of work and was not ready to be released. It is not ""voice acted"", it has a few groans and grunts. There are too many spelling and grammar errors to be excused. The game does not have multiple endings. Some achievements are locked and impossible to get right now. Like I said, read the other negative reviews. I really wanted to like this game, but it's garbage. It is not quality and it is certainly not worth $15. Looking forward to my refund going through."
,Recommended,654880,33684168,Posted: 20 July,all,Kei,"""Amanda, I have never had an ounce of chill in my life and you should know that by now""10/10 very relatable dad"
,Recommended,654880,33681877,Posted: 20 July,all,fyiiwannafyoura,"Likes:-beautiful art-great soundtrack, blends perfectly in with the game-relatable, funny characters-great gameDislikes:-occasional long loading screens (I'm not taking like, Catz for PC loading times, more like Sonic Adventures 2, still kinda long but not so bad you wanna die)-the fishing mini-game is hard if you have problems distinguishing colours-Hugo's audio is lower-quality than the rest of the audioI'll be honest. I was excited for this game, but I kinda wasn't expecting much. Cool, a daddy dating sim, way to get money from those # relatable Tumblr teens. I couldn't have been more wrong. This game has more warmth and heart than any game I can think of - it's clear a lot of love and passion has been poured into the characters. If you don't love Amanda within about a minute, there's something wrong with you. Every character has unique charm, and you find yourself battling internally as to which daddy you should make your dream daddy. As a mentally ill teenager, this gave me a lot of reminders that I needed about loving unironically and with passion and zest. This game reminds you why life is worth living, and as far as I'm concerned, is pretty much perfect. It kinda reminds me of the old Sierra games, Laura Bow and the like, but softer and sweeter. I unironically adore this game.Replayability: 7/10Art and design: 10/10Music: 9/10Characters: 10/10If there are any future updates or DLC released, I'd like to see:-more customisation options for your dadsona's clothing-an option to turn off the flashing during the arcade game (epileptic over here)-pet options-non-binary masc daddy added-explanation of the dad vs daddy points you get on datesOverall, wonderful game. I can't wait to play some more."
76561198407345835,Recommended,654880,33744592,Posted: 23 July,all,sister.of.sieh,"I am enjoying this game. It's charming. The writing a witty and funny (and punny, so so punny). It has excellent replayability.  The developers have given a dynamic range of options for you to choose when you create your character (a big plus).I saw a couple of spelling errors/duplicate words on some of the cards, but the story is solid so this is relatively minor.It is not as explicit as I was expecting it to be, which is a mild surprise, but honestly considering that this is the first title produced by Game Grumps, it's probably for the best. Who knows, those scenes might show up as DLC in the future. Also I haven't tried winning all the Dads' hearts yet, so maybe there is something else in store.At any rate, I'm glad the game exists. It's fun, go play it."
,Recommended,654880,33735327,Posted: 22 July,all,Ningdom,"people are stupid its a good game susan shut up about the secret endingpros: the ART!the characters are all very likable for different reasons! there isnt a single character i DONT want to eventually romance, which is really imressive.AMANDA!the humor is top notch and ive cracked up laughing more times than i can countthe music is a tiny bit repetitive, but still very cute and enjoyable!cons: the routes feel a bit short, but there's 7 of them so it's not bad! considering it's only a 15 dollar game, it's definitly more than worth the price.the sound quality on a couple of characters is fairly low (notably damien and hugo) but its not that big of a dealmy only real complaint is the glitches in the minigames and main game. i for one wouldn't have minded waiting a bit longer for more bugs to be smoothed out before the release, but it's not unplayable. hopefully a patch is coming soon to fix some problems!all in all its really an enjoyable, heartfelt game! they did an outstanding job and if another game ever gets made i'll definitly be pre-ordering! thank you for all your hard work, the game's amazing!"
,Recommended,654880,33680587,Posted: 20 July,all,Lilysins,"I'm only 3 hours into this game, and It's honestly such a good game, I don't think I've laughed this hard when playing a dating sim, it's inclusive in a really good way and really sweet and heartfelt, I'm looking forward to playing through every route this game has. The art, and music are so good def one of my favorite things. I saw someone complain about the lack of voice acting but i dont think that person understands how voice acting in dating sims mostly works, I think the way it was implemented fits really well, its used a right amount. This game has a lot of heart put into it and it shows, I'm not even mad about the delays cause it's obvious they wanted to put out a good product and I'm very happy with how this game has turned out so far!"
76561198147125534,Not Recommended,654880,35335324,Posted: 30 September,all,vaxildan,"I think I need to disclose some things before I start talking about why I do not recommend buying Dream Daddy. The first is that I adore Game Grumps (specifically Arin and Dan), and that they've had nothing to do with the development of the game save for some voicing-- which is really just grunts and 'ah!'s, and some marketing on their channel. The fact that the Grumps' name is on this shouldn't really be taken into account. The second is that I bought it pretty much the day of release and had been following it since it'd been announced. Not as actively as some people, but I knew about all the dads.I'm going to be starting with the negatives-- frankly, the game itself isn't *really* the issue here. It's the developers.The developers have been a little shady from day one. Originally, I was unsure if this game was meant to be a joke, like a lot of other people first suspected-- I'm a queer man, so I was hesitant at first. I think it's important to note that I DID read several posts online about how someone close to the dev team had played the beta and got the impression that this was a grab at Representation Points(tm) and that it was just a cash grab--here's the post.During the release delay, the devs were suspiciously quiet-- they apologized afterwards, but it was still super unprofessional.I also vaguely remember the devs promising they'd add other dads and extra content, and a few of my friends remember them saying similar. And these two above points are absolutely tied; we're three months out from DD's release date, and the devs have gone silent. Since release, we've gotten two patches-- two bug patches, despite fans asking for more. There's still a bugged achievement that the devs haven't explained, and the second patch was a patch so small that it isn't even mentioned on the Recent Updates section of steam, nor on any of the twitter accounts.The devs have essentially dropped this project as soon as it stopped making money and was no longer in top sellers for the fact that it's a queer dating sim.Which is what a lot of people feared. I feel genuinely ripped off by the developers and the game; if it weren't for the fact that I've got more than 2 hours of this game, which is INCREDIBLY short and lacks any real story arc to tie everyone together, I'd refund it in a heartbeat. This game is almost $20 AUD and yet I wouldn't honestly say it's worth even that much, especially considering a) length and the fact that the game isn't even really complete and b) the devs have abandoned it.It's a shame, because otherwise, the game is really pretty and has some great characters; Mat's route is my favourite and the game introduced me to PUP, one of my favourite bands now. It's diverse and cute and I love the fact that you can make a trans dad (even if the CC is godawful compared to character art), BUT the fact that you can now tell that it absolutely was a cash grab destroys it all, andI wouldn't recommend buyingthis game to anyone because of it."
76561198291970935,Not Recommended,654880,33993014,Posted: 3 August,all,captainmander,"I wanted so badly to like this game but after playing two routes (Damien and Robert) I have no desire to complete it. There is little replay value when going through new routes. In visual novel games i've played in the past, when I fast-forward the game doesn't let you skip dialogue you haven't seen yet, but in this game it skips over everything. Just not worth it for me."
76561198314194360,Recommended,654880,33678148,Posted: 20 July,all,worldsokayest,"Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator is the best dad-based dating sim you'll play this year. Also probably the only one, but hey. DD features gorgeous art, music that never gets too old and almost always fits the mood, wonderful writing. a story filled with heart, and yes, of course, plenty of dad puns. Tons of replay value-date every dad, go down every route, decide whether you had a wife or a husband, decice whether you love or hate your daughter, etc. There's even a dad-maker! YOU CAN CUSTOMIZE YOUR DAD TO THE FULLEST! I can't recommend DD enough. It's the daddiest. 10/10"
76561198156091742,Recommended,654880,33742843,Posted: 23 July,all,pecbounce,"So far I've only completed one romance and 2/3 of a few others. I can say that Craig is my one true dream daddy and he's too pure for the world. Anyway, it's a pretty funny game with loads and loads of dad jokes/puns as well as touching and heartfelt moments. Sometimes the dialogue can get a bit long winded, especially from the protagonist dad. Some of the mini games are hilarious. The character art is outstanding. I love how ethnic features are included.Some minor annoyances include not being able to backtrack in conversation, the protag's avatar being a completely different style as the main game, and lastly how set in stone the protag's habits are, such as how much junk food he and his daughter consumes and how physically unfit he is. I raise this point in particular because I romances the fitness dad Craig while having chosen the hunky physique for my protag, which makes him bigger and probably more health conscious than Craig. It wouldn't be an issue if we don't have that particular customization option."
,Recommended,654880,33742064,Posted: 23 July,all,QueenTacocat,"This game is a lovely, cute, fun, light-hearted way to pass the time and date some amazing dads! The daddies all look amazing, the diversity within the characters is very refreshing, and not to mention Amanda is the greatest thing ever to happen in my life!! I love all the pin ups, showing off the different art styles of the artists who worked on this game, it was really lovely to see the different styles all together.Your playable character, your dadsona if you will, has enjoyably relatable, hilarious lines throughout the entire game that make me laugh every time I read it.I'm aware of the dark, so called 'cult-ending' and I honestly think it's a really nice touch to the game!! It adds just that little bit of edge to an otherwise amazing game, it's definitely more of an optional thing too that people were only made aware of through data-mining, so it's more like an easter egg than an actual, legit ending. The LGBT+ representation in the game is also amazing, having a datable trans dad and being able to be one yourself!! It's very obvious that the game makers have put lots, and lots of love and effort into this game, and I would recommend it to everyone!Pros:- The daddies; they all have such unique and distinguished personalities as well as designs.- Amanda, need I say more?- The art style is incredible.- The LGBT+ representation; no gross, fetishing crap here!- The length of the game, it seems like a good length, in my personal opinion.- The visual cues so you know you've picked the right answer is such a good little touch.- The pin ups in the diverse art styles.- The heart and soul put into the game.- The voice lines from the Game Grumps, I think they all did a good job.- Mary. Just... Mary. Bless her.Now there are some cons, but they're limited.- The build-a-dad is a little janky, and the contrasting art style can be a bit distracting.- The lack of direction with the minigames, and the difficulty of some can cause frustration.- The audio difference with some of the voice lines, but really that's nitpicking.Overall I think this game is wonderful and I would like to thank the Grumps and the amazing team who brought this all together, it's nice having a basically perfect, LGBT+ inclusive, diverse dating sim that doesn't go into fetish territory and just knows how to have fun! A fantastic game, the best dating sim I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,654880,33681992,Posted: 20 July,all,Count von Kit,"This game has honestly been one of the cutest I've ever played. I wasn't sure what to fully expect when I picked this game up, but I'm really glad I did. For me, the anticipation was worth it. But so were the eggplants.I love the music, I love all the jokes, and I especially loved the strong father-daughter bond. I loved how supportive they both were of each other--especially as Dad MC grows closer to other dads. Amanda, your daughter in-game, is very precious. If I ever have kids, I hope we'll have a bond similar to theirs. Ya know. Karate-chopping down forsale signs and eating burritos and such.I've honestly never laughed or smiled so hard in my life. There was a point where I was on the brink of tears from laughing so hard. And being in a rough patch in life, this game really helped lift my spirits. Though I'd have liked to have seen a bit more diversity in terms of creating a dad, overall, there was still a nice and well-tailored selection. I'm looking forward to seeing if future content will be added, (e.g. Amanda coming home from college, ect.), as well as seeing future works from this team."
76561198153425653,Recommended,654880,33811283,Posted: 26 July,all,joue223,"I personally kind of had a low expectation for the game but I honestly ended up completely falling in love with it. The game not only is very accepting of the LGBTQ community but also has a really sweet story, a great and humorous plot, and the best dad puns ever. I enjoyed getting the chance to have a different date experience and see how you meet one of them and expect something but then become shocked at the characters development throughout the game. I had a blast playing with all the different dads and getting the chance to look into some things hopefully in the future that I will not spoil. This is a very open game and I am so glad I got it and played it. Amazing job to the team. Only critique besides the bug fixed would be to maybe extend some of the plot a little more and have more options for more different endings. Other than that, I very much enjoyed it and am hoping that the next few updates may bring some more satisfying endings."
76561198136318943,Recommended,654880,33728157,Posted: 22 July,all,Ash_Black,i like how by looking at the characters we can easily misjudge their character and are plesantly suprised by the end
,Recommended,654880,33731092,Posted: 22 July,all,bighead,"this game is so good it makes me feel less lonely as i date single (and taken) dadsyou can be trans, you can be gay, it's a pretty inclusive game"
76561198104534939,Recommended,654880,33914493,Posted: 30 July,all,Aoimaou,"I personally loved the game. The art style is amazing, the story is fun to play through and I had many laughs because of the dad jokes. The game is how ever a bit limited (some choices will give you the same result anyways) and after you play for the first time you are unlikely to want to go through the whole thing again. Good game though."
76561198352158753,Recommended,654880,34923223,Posted: 13 September,all,Stormaggeden,"I LOVE this game! The flow of the story, the compelling characters, the witty jokes. Everything cohesivly comes together to make for an incredible game. Honestly, I wish more dating sim games were like this. Yes the guys are hot, but the driving part of why people like them so much is how well written their personalities are.I love love this game and I REALLY hope that the company makes a dating sim game for gay girls next. <3"
76561198144669878,Recommended,654880,34121133,Posted: 9 August,all,麥香怪物,Team Craig
,Not Recommended,654880,33703388,Posted: 21 July,all,trash,"Although I didn't think this game was absolutely terrible there are a few reasons I don't recommend it and am hoping I can get a refund on it.1. The game is too short. You only get 3 dates per dad, and the pay off at the end is not very good. You end up feeling like there should be a lot more to their routes, but there isn't.2. Not all dads get a sex scene. It seems weird to include one for some, but not all.3. The ""voice acting"" in the game is low quality. Some sound clips are much louder than others, some sound like they were recorded with a bad mic.4. For what the game is, I think it's too expensive. Especially if they are truly planning on having paid DLC.Overall the game just feels incomplete. I don't think 3 dates per route is enough to really be satisfied with the outcome. I feel the developers should have taken their time to really flesh out a complete game, instead of literally rush to get it out ASAP."
76561197998371978,Recommended,654880,33757799,Posted: 23 July,all,Extrovin,"Fun little dating sim game, definitely.No technical issues from my run throughs, but those can be a roll of the dice often times.Loveable characters, entertaining dialogue, genuine atmosphere overall. This is not a long game however, I would loved to have at least the breadth of dates/outings similar to the date sim game Coming Out On Top but ultimately that is my only real issues. The content and topics were handled with a good hand as well the game was lighthearted (didn't take itself too seriously).You can debate the cost but I will continue to happily pay for content like this and for community representation. Hope to see more."
,Recommended,654880,33679263,Posted: 20 July,all,Jenny,The character creator is half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥but the rest of the game is awesome. Would like to look at least half as decent as the npc's...
,Recommended,654880,33689918,Posted: 20 July,all,ღ Ayumi ღ,"Dad jokes and puns!Lots of puns.... like..an obnoxious amount of puns.I bought this game on release ironically, since I enjoy calling my friends ""daddy"" and pretending to be gay (i'm straight I swear LOL) but being 100% honest, I don't regret it in the slightest. This game is the funniest VN i've ever played.(Note: it's a VN. Like this one, VN's aren't always fully voiced)Highly reccomend if you can pick it up during a sale. Due to it's lack of content it might not be worth the full price.Keep in mind, this game has absolutly no sexual content, unless you count shirtless dudes, in which case you're probably just insecure or too young to play dating sims anyway.Also Mat is best daddy."
76561198126486382,Recommended,654880,33685833,Posted: 20 July,all,deelopa,"A+++ Goth dad reads naruto fanfiction, all i really needed"
,Recommended,654880,33732024,Posted: 22 July,all,jojalee,"Bro. Brooooooo.Just a wholesome dad experiance. Wasn't expecting how real this game was going to be and all the endearing moments within of being a single father and everyone just wanting to do what's best for their chidlren and be good dads. Wow.Amanda is the best daughter ever and honestly so are all the other kids in the game (except Joesph's, ♥♥♥♥ Joseph's). And all the dads are the best (except Joseph, ♥♥♥♥ Joseph) and have really different personilities to the point where I couldn't really choose a favourite (okay it's Robert). Also, Mary makes me want to have a Mum dating simlator now, Dream Mommy next? Aye?The minigames within are alright too, and I do emphasive alright, there are a few that are frustrating (I'm looking at you Mini Golf) but don't ruin the game or gameplay however.One of my criticisms though for this game, (and as a huge dating sim player) is the art/cg. You only get a cg at the end and the cg is, alright? It's cute, but with a dating sim I kinda expect more cgs and wold love if they were able to do that, I mean one of goals of a dating sim is to be able to get those cgs throughout the game but within Dream Daddy they are only obtainable at the end when you finish. Also, would have loved if the type of ending you got was more defined, usually within dating sims you get a good ending a bad ending or neutral ending but nothing pops up to tell you this, it would just be a nice touch to have these more defined, say the cgs are catorgorized through this when you get into the menu. I can understand to an extent why some dating sim players would feel like they sepnt to much because of this (though honesly I think the pricing is just fine a lot of work went into this and the art is hella and story is grea and also hella so there).Also there's some dark♥♥♥♥♥♥going on in the underneathe of this game I ♥♥♥♥ing see you game devs and I ♥♥♥♥ing love you for it.Will we ever get Joesph's good ending? Does he have one? What' his true ending? Will I ever find it? I might kill myself doing it but this game is fun so I gladly will."
,Not Recommended,654880,33729130,Posted: 22 July,all,marticanarcassa,"BEWARE THE HYPE TRAIN!Pros-Cute dads-Daughter Heart to Hearts-Theme song now stuck in my head-Nice cgs for finishing routes-Better than anything Shall We date or Voltage ever put outCons-All the waiting-Inexperienced game devs (should have had one more person on the team who knew more)-Build that dad needed more choices. His personality wasn't customizeable-The kid not being customizable at all-Minigames were difficult-Routes were waaaay too short. I've played many dating sims and usually your settled in for a few hours of gameplay. It didn't give me enough time to really connect with all the characters. At least five dates.-Too light. Was expecting some hidden darkness. Most visual novels/dating sims have some darkness in them.-No true route/secret routes? Like thats a staple of dating sims.-Some glitches like Mat & Hugo losing their glasses and characters staying on screen after they're scene was over (had a whole five minutes of the creep twins)My BIGGEST complaint with this game is by far the partial voice acting. They hyped up the GG element so much that I expected full voice acting. Arin is an experienced VA along with some of the others so there was no excuse.Sadly like everyone else I was super excited for this game. Waited patiently for its release, and was let down.It just wasn't worth the money.Maybe with some tweaks, additions and such it will be a better game. Would love to have Avi come in as foreign dad. Maybe some stat building to work on ""daddylyness."" Minimum 5 dates.Honestly hoping the fandom will create new additionally content like side games and fanfic."
,Recommended,654880,33898435,Posted: 29 July,all,T o b e h z,"This game is a wholesome game. I love the dads, but most of all I love my dearest daughter Amanda. She was the best part of the game for me, because it felt as if I truly had a duaghter. I hope there are content updates to add backstory to Amanda, and I hope that she has a wonderful in game life."
,Recommended,654880,33683165,Posted: 20 July,all,Eggsy,play this game if you like supporting your daughter and finding a hot dad to form emotional bonds with10/10 would kiss mat again
,Recommended,654880,33700371,Posted: 21 July,all,Dr. Bowie,"When I first heard this game announced and saw pictures around on the internet, I thought this game was some kind of gag or joke. I did think to myself, ""Damn, it sure would be nice if this was real, these daddies are great looking."" Then I discover it's a real game in development, and I had to have it!I'm so glad, all the interactions are fun and touching, the characters are nicely written and believable! Especially your daughter, Amanda. She's so precious! All the dads are great and I really struggled picking a different one each time because you end up leaving the rest behind...The art is nice too and the story is well-written, and I really felt like a dad caring over the most precious thing in my life and making bad puns. This game actually made me think about raising children, possibly, so this game definitely did a good job of making relatable and fun characters. I wish the game was longer though, it feels short. Hoping for some *free* content updates, that would actually be really great to get more dates in the future. Maybe being able to go on more dates with your ""dream daddy"" and still being able to hang out with your friends for a little while longer would be nice, with the potential for new paths that lead to a good or bad ending with your dream daddy, or alternate character routes.Thank you so much for this, there are not enough gay dating simulators out there (at least in English) and this is a real treat! I love how it's not oversexualized either, you actually make focus and having a great relationship with your dad, because queer dads can have love too! <3 But also (small spoiler alert) there are still some routes you can take to not have anything serious. Overall, great game, I'm so happy this exists.TL;DR good game, good characters, too short."
76561198169024631,Recommended,654880,33730813,Posted: 22 July,all,knusprig,I'm an atheist but joseph genuinely had me looking to the bible for help
76561198156111591,Recommended,654880,33684114,Posted: 20 July,all,Persomnus,"This game is honestly great. It's humorous and makes fun of the genre while still not feeling like the entire game is a joke. The characters are interesting and realistic for their exaggerated personalities, and the dialog manages to be quality while still being funny, punny, and at times heartwarming.It most definitely does not have any gross fujoshi feel to it. I am a gay man and was smiling all while I played it. If you're hesitating out of fear of this game being fetishistic stop worrying, it's not.Also the art is BEAUTIFUL! I want to kiss the artist. I love it so much."
,Recommended,654880,33687517,Posted: 20 July,all,Blade,"The audio for the voice acting seems kind of botched in places. Hugo in particular is loud? The minigames need some work too. But other than little things that can be patched I have nothing bad to say about this game.I enjoyed the dialogue and writing, and I adore Amanda. The variety of options and the character creator are pleasing. I laughed at the opening credits music, and it's kind of catchy too. This game is worth playing if you want to relax and have a good time.I do hope someday for some DLC. Maybe more outfits and hair for the creator and outfits for the other dads too."
,Recommended,654880,33683236,Posted: 20 July,all,halloween_slut_1995,I love this game and I love the dads but I really wish my dad didn't have to like Ska
,Not Recommended,654880,33721723,Posted: 22 July,all,Elektronik Dergosonik,"NOTE: I actually recommend this game to an extent. If you're looking for a good short game to pass the time while your slow cooker meal is still slowly cooking, it's pretty good. I'm sure streaming it or playing it with friends is a blast. But keep in mind this review comes from a place of not looking for the quick thrill, and looking at whether I will look at this game a couple months from now and want to pick it back up and play it more. With that squared away, let's hop on the bandwagon of people somewhat disenchanted with the game after not even five hous.tldr not bad but could be so much better, even for a parody, vastly overpricedI'll start with what I liked, as that's polite and fair:- The writing was really well done in terms of content, I was never particularly disinterested by what I hadn't read before.- Dad puns were executed as advertised.- There were some genuinely good jokes and good moments.- The story's much better than I actually expected.- Art is on point pretty much at all times.- Music is fitting and not unbearable. Dig the wasp from that one loop.- Dad tips at loading screens kept things a little better.- Apparently MCR references everywhere but I haven't heard the group so I'm just taking others' word on it.- It's Game Grumps. But I'm sure you already knew.Here's the bad:- The writing had a lot of basic errors, i.e. improper (or lack of) punctuation, ""anymore"" instead of ""any more."" This was okay until I noticed the first error. Then they kept coming up, and at some point I was no longer able to actually focus on the script because the errors stuck out like rats in a garden hose.- I know I said the story's better than I expected. But that doesn't give the story a pass. After the first run, the skip button is pretty much essential in everything but the dates. The story isn't anything that takes much to understand and really only the first time through is interesting because it's new to you. It doesn't really resonate much.- Music loops gets dull after pretty much two runs. I mean, there's some songs that are really well built, and some I wish weren't only in one scene (i.e. the song at the bar, the bragging battle one), but then you get to the storyline loops and you're just disappointed. The wasp I mentioned up above is panned all the way to the left, leaving the whole track just feeling awkward. I've done trashier games with stronger music games.- After a couple sets of dates, I really just felt like I was to the point of achievement farming. I lost interest in the cardboard cutouts of universal archetypes which I am quite sure were pretty much pulled verbatim from TV Tropes. Hell, even the I-only-want-to-hook-up-guy's track (probably the one with anything akin to actual conflict) didn't sit right with me.- It was really hard to get into the game after that very first run. I finished the first and was satisfied. The one and only other game of this sort of genre I've done (arguably a more serious one, I suppose) kept me interested in every ending I did in spite of its own main plot flaws.- Fifteen dollars is a tad steep for this title really. I paid less for the aforementioned other title I've done of this sort of thing, and its price is still lower than this one's with no sales. I wish I had waited until a sale, because I could have gotten a large pizza and a couple 2-liter bottles of soda at this price.- Seven dads but unless the endings don't set off achievements, misadvertisement on the endings per-Dad. I couldn't stay interested long enough to really test this theory. I felt like every run I pushed through led to the exact same ending really.- #SmallTeamProblems all over the place. It very much feels like they're biting off way more than they can chew with this one, as demonstrated by the late release.- If I record my grunts and hmmmms and ohs I can say my game is ""voiced"" too! It was sorta okay I guess, I understand they were strapped for time and grossly underestimated the amount of work it takes to get one of these things out. I'm at the very entrance of the rabbit hole and I still haven't heard the thing I dropped hit the ground.- Loading screens? In a visual novel style game? The only other game of this sort I've ever done simply faded to black and had pretty much zero load times. I can understand for the minigames it may take a bit longer but I simply couldn't stand that there were honest to god loading screens in this game that would bring skipping to a screeching halt. I understand it's something minor and insignificant and dare I say petty, but jfc that really just made skipping harder.- Did I mention you'll be learning to hold down the skip button? Did I also mention that you might even hold it down so hard you actually miss the few lines you've never seen before? Did I mention that if you skip certain lines or you scroll through em too fast, there's no way to backtrack and read through them again?- Did I mention that these are all issues in a $15 game, not a freebie made by a couple people just wanting to get their names out there?Another thing of note: This game is being released at a time where YouTube ad revenue is falling. That means that this game is pretty much a ploy to keep their earnings up while ad revenue is low. I don't necessarily think it's a particularly bad thing on its own, but I feel they eschewed quality to execute a more ideal business strategy.So in conclusion, I can get that this is very much a game for quick thrill daddy lovin' but it really doesn't provide much more, leaving... quite a lot to be desired really. Even as a parody it really lacks the proper elements to make a satisfying mockery."
,Not Recommended,654880,34092840,Posted: 7 August,all,shnanners,"Well.. what can I say, I really wanted to love this game. (as cliche as that sounds)I enjoyed the idea and I found it humorous, however I had a hard time playing whole-heartedly. As the game went on I felt like it was more of a chore than a game.I love the Game Grumps, I watch them all the time and I feel like I am a pretty big fan of everything they do. However, this game just didn't do anything for me. I played it because I'm a fan, and nothing else.This game just feels very unfinished. There are many spelling mistakes and continuity errors. I felt like some of the minigames were unnessecarily difficult (the minigolf game? ridiculous, but maybe that's just me). I felt like I couldn't get any of the endings I wanted (I wanted to finish with a certain dad SO BAD but I got all the way to the end and he ended up turning me away, even after retrying the dates several times).I have a hard time putting my thoughts in writing and I am definitely not an experienced reviewer, but if I can make any recommendation:Wait until the developers put a little more love into this game.I feel like it was very rushed and though its just a simple visual novel, it deserves a little more polish. I have hope that these devs will turn it around and make it better, so I would wait until they do so.Thanks for taking the time to read :)"
,Not Recommended,654880,34710328,Posted: 3 September,all,Saraneth,"I want to give this game a thumbs up, but it already has plenty, and if you're considering purchasing it, you should be aware of what you're NOT paying for.The game is mostly complete, though the most infamous ending is not accessible and has never been played within the parameters of the game itself. (You can, in fact, download it for free from other sites. I would MUCH prefer to see it play out in the game I paid for, however.)If you want a dating sim focused on gay male relationships with elements of parenting and a light bit of small town drama, this game is gold. A bit pricey for amount of content, but the relationships are sincere and the characters mostly fleshed out, with a few bugs here or there but none (in my experience) game breaking. I'd strongly recommend waiting for a good sale.However, if you're looking for Hatoful levels of intrigue, heroism, and hefty character arcs—which the game's fandom is deceptively spreading as canon—hold off touching this one until and unless the devs patch the broken ending and currently-unachievable achievement."
,Recommended,654880,33686695,Posted: 20 July,all,Beebo,This game is making me gayer than I already am in the best way imaginable.There's a corgi in the game which increases it's dadness by 100%.10/10 would dad again.
76561198358464539,Not Recommended,654880,33687015,Posted: 20 July,all,Becca,I mean. It's ok. No scenes of kissing or hand holding. Super tame. You never even see your dad have a full body shot.
,Recommended,654880,33713766,Posted: 21 July,all,jarosh6612,"I Have never played a dating sim that i have felt as invested in as this. I have completed two routes so far and one had me lughing and then ultimatly crying as the third date came to an end. The other just honestly felt warm, like the cliche straight romance but for once i could actually see myself in the narrative. Yes it might be a little short, but the humour and characters make it worth it!"
,Recommended,654880,33707733,Posted: 21 July,all,Decker,"jees. okay.dream daddy: a dad dating simulator is, in a word, nice. as a gay man, having something in this genre that's directly for people like me is so, cathartic.the problem i have with it isn't with the game itself. rather, the fact that m/m relationships are portrayed like this, so openly and freely in all these different forms, it makes me feel awful about the world i currently live in.up until now i don't think i really understood what it meant for games to be an ""escape"" from certain things, but playing dream daddy really pulled me into a world where... i get to hit on men without fearing violent repercussions from them, or from either of our family members, or even from... random ♥♥♥♥ing strangers, no matter how much i flirt or touch. it really shines a spotlight on just what makes things so♥♥♥♥♥♥and gives me a space that says ""hey, don't worry about all that. we've made somewhere you can hang out and be a dad in relative privacy"". and my brain is still, still hard-wired to look for where this all becomes dangerous and violent, and when to run away.before this game came out i was looking for every reason to distrust it, while playing it i'm looking for every reason to distrust it, and even after chewing through nearly 6 hours of it i'm still feeling like i'm on the brink of violence jumping out at me and telling me that my existence is wrong. it's a feeling that i honest to god cannot shake, and the more careful this game is with making sure there isn't anything like that in it, i still feel like i'm on the brink of disaster.this game makes me feel unsafe not because it is unsafe, but because it reminds me of all the times i've felt unsafe in my whole life. each little moment between my dadsona and these other dads reflects truthfully on a time that i've wanted to do these things and been too afraid.feeling like i'm on the brink of violence and having that go completely unvalidated and even actively disproven story after story is so exhausting. i wish this game weren't in such stark contrast with reality - not because i think it should be more violent to be more realistic, but that i wish reality were more like this game. where men can love each other without the risk of some idiot ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bystander who just happens to see it, has a massive problem with it, and thinks that seeing gayness in public justifies violent behaviour in response.i hope that there are many more games like this, if only to prove to myself that my love is just as valuable and necessary, that my stories are just as interesting, as any straight person's."
,Recommended,654880,33770170,Posted: 24 July,all,Blake Belladonna,"This game is honestly incredible rep for the gay and trans community!You have the option of playing with a ""binder bod"" which means: you can play as a trans dad! There are multiple options at the beginning that affect various dialogue points and make an impact in the game's routes (such as sleeping with a certain someone on the first night).There's also a trans man dad and a wlw girl--one of the daughters is a wlw girl!Overall this game is incredible unfetishized representation, and it's got very sweet stories to it! I really do recommend checking this game out!My criticisms follow below (warning, some of these are spoiler-y):*There's a point in Mat's route, after you leave the bathroom at the club, where the music gets very loud, and it's very sudden. My computer volume was turned to ""2"", and it still hurt my (albeit sensitive) ears. A similar thing happens in Damien's route, however, he just screams in fear.*No nonbinary mlm!!! (Tho I've heard rumors about a possible wlw dating sim so,,, maybe nonbinary one day, too?)*Sometimes the voice audio is too muffled, or it clips the mic.*If there's a way to check the backlog, then I haven't been able to access it (reread dialogue that was previously said, i.e. ""I zoned out and now I'm at a choice and I don't know what was asked of me uhhh).Edit: I see some people talking about visual glitches (sprites clipping into one another and sometimes an audio line being played for them when they weren't present). I haven't had this issue."
,Recommended,654880,33770810,Posted: 24 July,all,shanbam,"sweet little game made by LGBT folks for LGBT folks! i wouldnt have minded paying more for it tbh. it's gorgeous and the writing is really good. there were only a couple of storylines that werent super compelling to me but i think that's more down to personal taste than anything.also, would love a mom game with mary in it, i love her"
,Recommended,654880,33772477,Posted: 24 July,all,Tactician,"Honestly, very caring and touching story. Playing every path builds on the story and development of characters. A nice experience. Sexy, too.A couple of minor bugs and jarring art decisions, but overall it's a great game to enjoy. I expect more installments of future visual novels if the authors decide to go forward. :-)"
76561198141633061,Recommended,654880,33834765,Posted: 27 July,all,Jang,10/10 would date Robert again
76561198117411307,Recommended,654880,33700835,Posted: 21 July,all,Corn,"Noticed alot of these reviews are just positive because gamegrumps, or LGBTSoooo as someone who's finished all the routes (other than Josephs true ending GOD GOOD LUCK WITH THAT) and has a hardcore love for otomes (cough cough, otome connnesiour at your service)I shall throw....my 2 cents down...............It's ok.Thats pretty much it, its decent, definitely not the worst otome I played, but definitely not the best. It lacks in a l o t of places, and I've found phone otomes for 2.99$ with more cutscenes, and longer routes. One route in this game can be finished within an hour, with no cutescenes, minus the end route image which could be of varying quality (Damien, and Joseph's images very obviously lack the effort of the other pictures sadly. More time coulda been taken for their art) What I'm saying is... This game very obviously doesn't have as much $$$ in it as other otomes do.For the time it was being produced (I believe its one year) It's good, its what you'd expect in a years time, they shoulda waited longer to release this game though. They coulda made some long interesting stories. You coulda gotten more involved with the other dad's kids. There were so many questions left unanswered. I hope the next game these people make, they will think more about the romantic interest, and their relationships with others, and less on- Was Amanda adopted, or not.I dunno, says alot when they'll put all that extra thought into something so small, and not focus on the clear issues going on between Ernest, and Hugo.  Y'know, something people romancing Hugo would love to explore.Waiting for a sale would be a good option, but it's not a huge loss if you buy it full price since it does give you some heartwarming moments with Amanda, and a few laughs,Don't buy this if you're in it solely for Brian though, he doesn't even have any build up or tension, you compete with him, and think you both hate eachother right till the end of the 3rd date, and suddenly he's like""Hey we were totally feeling some romance there, right? Right? Lets make out a lil."""
,Recommended,654880,33699059,Posted: 21 July,all,Aeolian Mode,"When I first heard about the game, I was a little concerned that it would be crass and ironic. Given that the Game Grumps' typical repitoire of comedy consists of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes and giggling about sex, I wasn't sure if a ""daddy dating simulator"" from the Grumps team would be right for me.As it turns out, the game is surprisingly wholesome. The highlight of the experience is the relationship between your dad character and his daughter, which is a heartwarming coming of age story. It almost feels as if the ""dad dating"" aspect of the game was tacked on and pales in comparison to the father/daughter story I found particularly charming. That alone is well worth the $15 price of admission.As far as the ""dating"" part goes, I only completed one path so far, with the big guy Brian. I found it sweet and wholesome, and I was very pleased with the story. So far I haven't seen anything overtly sexual or uncomfortable. I was glad that the endgame seemed to be simply love and not sex. I haven't played any other dates so far, but I am hoping it will be that way for the others too. My only complaint is echoed by other reviewers: it is very short. It takes 3 dates to find the dad of your dreams, and thus if you have your heart set on dating just one dad, you'll find there isn't a lot of content for you. However, for 15 bucks, there are plenty of dads to choose from and a lot of writing that went into developing each one, so I do think they delivered just enough content to satisfy.Additionally, there are a few graphical and programming errors that I think could be polished out with an upcoming patch. The hairstyle I picked for my dad, for example, had transparent pixels between the lineart and flat colors, allowing the background to show through in a glaringly obvious way. And there was an instance in which the game forgot the gender of the player character's deceased spouse. Given what I've read in other reviews, this seems to be a recurring trend. Also, as far as visual novels go, the choices you can make are rather limited and linear. It would be nice to have more choices more often, even if it's just for roleplaying flavor. A lot of the personality traits of the player character are pretty set in stone.For 15$ though, the game is fine. It could use a polish patch, but I believe the amount of content it delivers is satisfying enough for the price tag. More content definitely wouldn't hurt, but the game accomplishes what it sets out to do. If you're on the fence about buying it, definitely pick it up if you're interested in a heartwarming coming of age story."
76561198081354427,Recommended,654880,33684096,Posted: 20 July,all,Zac,probably one of the nicest and most feel-good dating simulators I have played to date. you can tell the amount of dedication put into this game.
,Recommended,654880,33687991,Posted: 20 July,all,Amethyst,"I love this gams so much. I love, as a trans guy myself, I can play as one! And that one of the dad's is trans too!!!"
76561198042221664,Recommended,654880,33731727,Posted: 22 July,all,BitchNugget,"Needed a new dad, got a daddy."
,Recommended,654880,33756607,Posted: 23 July,all,Katija Netrix,"I adore this game and will forever recommend it to everyone I meet. It's got gay characters,trans characters, fat characters, POC characters, and all of them are viewed in a positive light! (which warms my fat, gay heart)The only downside are thevery fewbugs it has, none of which have ruined my gameplay. Just a things such as character sprites appearing in scenes they don't belong. Likeon the boat scene with Brian, Daisy and Amandas sprites showed up behind him. Another one being on Roberts date and Marys sprite showing up before she was meant to.tl;drI can't review games so please just trust me and buy it."
76561198065864696,Not Recommended,654880,33713510,Posted: 21 July,all,ratpal,"!!POTENTIAL SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW!!So far I've gotten 2 endings, both of which were 'sorry, we can't be together'. I have tried my best to get different endings on the same routes, but no dice.I don't play fantasy games to get bummed out! I play them to be happy! Very disappointed.Dad creation was pretty lackluster as well.All the routes are painfully short. The last date feels pretty forced for something to happen."
,Recommended,654880,33688216,Posted: 20 July,all,Snaily,"A really fun and wholesome game!I really appreciate those details where you can decide if Amanda had a mom or a dad and if she was adopted or not.There's some tiny and rare moments where the sprites kinda move around weirdly but other than that, the performance of the game is fine :)Sad i can't be a poly dad dating all the dads though (but I'll let that one slide haha)10/10 would dad again"
76561198250238006,Recommended,654880,33712307,Posted: 21 July,all,vellusviridi,"This was an amazing game and totally worth the wait. My biggest (and only) real problem with it is that it feels just a little too short. At the end of each story, I just wanted to know more about each of the Dads. Each Dad was unique and fleshed out, and they all felt like they could be real people. I also really appreciated the subtle early game choices to make about yourself. I felt like this game was made for the sole purpose of making people feel happy, and it couldn't have done a better job.Doesn't everyone know what a zyzzyva is?"
,Recommended,654880,33842070,Posted: 27 July,all,[H-A-L-O|Co-Owner] roastandtoast,Got it for the memes. Kept it for the dads.
76561198145596216,Not Recommended,654880,33734127,Posted: 22 July,all,amasour,"There moments of this game that were insanely cute and/or hilarious. Most of the dads were great, and some of the storylines I absolutely loved. But there were other things that overall soured it for me. I did not like that the end for every single dad was just a brief convo under the cherry tree. It felt like I just got the same ending with a different conversation. DS and VN games are fun, in part, b/c of all the vastly DIFFERENT endings you can get, and that experience was definitely lacking here.The second thing to sour me was Joseph. There's no good end there at all, and that's kind of crappy considering how front and center he is in all the images splashed around. Like, his good ending should have been the bad ending, and I don't even want to think about his bad ending. He's less good and bad, and more like bad and worse.Would I rec this game? Jury is still out, which I guess means no. I've gotten all the good ends at this point, and there's nothing that makes me want to play the game to get any of the bad endings or missing achievements."
76561198322669374,Recommended,654880,33839813,Posted: 27 July,all,Nerd,10/10 Love those dads. They're all beautiful people with beautiful faces. Loved the trans body option and how there's a trans character.
,Recommended,654880,33841048,Posted: 27 July,all,MysticMusician♫,"This game is actually much better than it sounds. You do have to play through it multiple times to get all the achievements, and some currently seem ungettable. The characters each have their own story though, and dating each character feels different. Also some characters don't end the way you expect them to. They may seem like the perfect dad, and then their ending is just sad. It's a fun game to kill some time, and there's 7 different dads, which'll take at least an hour each. Then there's some achievements to go back and get, and one character has 2 different dating paths, so it's still about 8 hours of game play, if you only play each one once."
76561198200971634,Not Recommended,654880,33867488,Posted: 28 July,all,Professor Bitch,"I was going to write a proper review but it was going to be longer than the game.The only good thing I can say it's the date system but the grades after the dates sucks.Go play Hatoful Boyfriend or even Morenatsu.Yes, even Morenatsu has better writting and characters than this one, and it's unfinished and free"
,Not Recommended,654880,33865698,Posted: 28 July,all,machcharge,"I did enjoy this game quite a bit but it does fall short of other romance visual novels, especially for its price point.Positives:+The comedic dialogue is really well written and humorous+Your relationship with your daughter, Amanda, feels very meaningful and real. It hurts when she hurts+Bisexual male representation! It hardly exists in any video games, even fairly diverse ones. So that's neat!+DVP by PUP. I'm not a fan of punk rock but I'm glad they included that song in this game.Negatives:-The characters feel like stereotypes and have little depth past their stereotypes-Diverse games like this tend to have really toxic fanbases. Avoid at all costs.-The romantic writing style feels like a cheesy fanfiction-$15 for a game you'll maybe get 10 hours in-Doesn't do anything with the diversity other than it just being there. Feels like they were pandering...-No real story depth. This is a clearly a dating sim and not a visual novel.Overall, if you're looking for a laugh or two and some cheesy dad jokes then this might be the game for you. If you are looking for a well thought out, meaningful romantic visual novel with depth then you should take a hard pass on Dream Daddy."
,Recommended,654880,33684127,Posted: 20 July,all,Neko,"This game was well worth the wait. The story is funny, beautiful, and even thought-provoking at times. You can tell that their heart and souls went into creating a wonderful dating sim game. There are so many jokes, one is bound to make you laugh. The subject of dads dating dads is treated like a normal thing and not stigmatised at all.For people inside the LGBT+ community, or simply allies of the cause, this game gets full marks as non-offensive and just all around fun to play."
76561198412600958,Recommended,654880,34160937,Posted: 10 August,all,SpaceAce,"This game is so much fun to play! The different options and one-chance mini games mean there's a ton of replayability. The dialogue is sometimes a little stiff, but has a ton of really funny lines. I found myself getting really caught up in the characters and their story arcs - I actually got emotional a few times. Definitely one of my favorites."
,Recommended,654880,33810997,Posted: 26 July,all,🔪,"I swear to sweet jesus ♥♥♥♥ing christ on a flying bike that I only bought this game because of my love for dad jokesin no way am I using this game as a means to cope with years of neglect from my own fatherthis game runs smooth on my piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ macbook, so that's another plus"
76561198277963869,Recommended,654880,33710735,Posted: 21 July,all,Grace_lyy,"This game is so good,I really enjoy the dads,It's snowing on Mt. Fuji."
76561198045361372,Not Recommended,654880,33714329,Posted: 22 July,all,akaisha0,"Hardly worth the cost for the little amount of content. Interactions with your daughter are heartfelt but other than that this game is lackluster. It's a cash grab if nothing else. Not to mention that cruel, stereotype promoting twist with Joseph. No thanks. Requested a refund."
76561198055631052,Recommended,654880,33840459,Posted: 27 July,all,Rafalo15,"Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulators is a game from the minds of the Game Grumps.Take a classic dating simulator like Hatoful Boyfriend, pump it full of bad (good) puns, self-satirising jabs at older generations struggling to understand the concepts of the likes of memes and social media, and you end up with Dream Daddy.In it, you have seven different daddies you can fu....uh, date. While you do indeed have sex with them, there is no actual nudity nor any lewd noises, you just go to bed with them and then it cuts to the next morning.There are three dates with each daddy, but the third one will result in the game being completed so if you intend to do all the daddies (like I did) then either make a save when you first get the chance to date them, or do the first two dates with each of them, make a manual save there and then do the third dates. Of course, this is only if you wish to see what each daddy's storyline is like.Being a visual novel, there is unsurprisingly a large amount of text to read through, multiple choice responses included, usually involving some sort of pun or dad joke. Yes, the game is filled with dad jokes, what the heck would you expect with so many DILFs....uh, dads around?Mat was my first choice of which daddy to date, in fact he's the very first one you can meet if you opt to go for coffee during the first few minutes of the game. Within the first minute of meeting him, he's throwing band-related puns at you left and right, asking you which one sounds best for his menu items. The first date with him contains of the several minigames in this, in this one you're placed at the music venue you go to but have to dodge other crowdmembers to get to Mat, all while the band plays incredibly loudly, but damn I enjoyed the track.Speaking of music, the title track is just superb.Other minigames you can play include pirate themed minigolf (yes it involves pirate talk) which was a blast, another one where you catch fish and my favourite, which has you flailing your hands around while you ""play"" a piano at a one-man solo comeback concert for your ska band Skammunist Manifesto, the song being a ska pun based Star Trek one.Overall, its a short game, really short. I did the first three dates and got the ending within an hour, the others took me another two hours or so, thanks to liberal use of the fast forward button for previously viewed scenes.Whether you like visual novels or not, Dream Daddy is a wonderful little treasure to experience, but maybe a few more extra daddies would have been a nice addition to help extend the overall playtime.Review can also be found athttps://gamefold.co.uk/dream-daddy-a-dad-dating-simulator-review/"
,Not Recommended,654880,33849869,Posted: 28 July,all,absvnthe,Extremely overrated. Half of the game you are just chit-chating with your daughter and its just straight out boring.
,Recommended,654880,33731224,Posted: 22 July,all,JonathanTr94,"Pros:-A lot of customization on who you want to be in the game. This makes you feel like this is your story.-Amanda-Every Character feels unique. No clichés here.-This game was hilarious! (At least for me it was.)-The UI looks very good and the dad tips are actually good tips.-THE ART!-Has a lot of heart ( Especially the daughter-father moments )Cons:-Annoying bugs ( Like the one where you can't access Joseph's good ending. But It will probably be fixed in a day or two. So, I'm not worried. )-Speaking of endings, based on what I have seen so far, the endings are not really that good. I was not feeling those ''Feel-good'' vibes you have after finishing a good story, it kinda left me disappointed romance-wise.-Kind of ""Kid-Friendly"" in a way... (I LOVE SEX SCENES OKAY?!)-The CCs are kind of disappointing ( Doesn't mean they're not gorgeous though )SO... 8/10! I liked it 👍"
,Recommended,654880,33776925,Posted: 24 July,all,Ro,"This game is an absolute joy. The characters are charming and funny, and some of the stories are emotional roller coasters.I spent hours playing all of the routes, sometimes even twice. Got to laugh, cry and even have mini heart attacks over extremely cute interactions and moments with some Dads and the lovely daughter Amanda. It can get a bit dark and too real depending on some of your choices/routes (which took me by surprise and lowkey tore my heart lmao) but it was all so well crafted.So happy to finally have a dating simulator where being gay isn't sexualized or something to make jokes about. Just a funny cute dude looking for love and finding it in a neighborhood full of dads like him."
,Not Recommended,654880,33829986,Posted: 27 July,all,Smoothyz,"If you're looking for a gay huniepop, then this is definitely not it.You start the game with a predefined character so it's hard to really roleplay at all, there's points in the game where I felt ""Why would my character EVER do that?!"" or ""Why is my character being such a♥♥♥♥♥♥to my dream daddy, just have fun for christ's sake""Hell, this is barely a dating sim imho, it seems like most of the game revolves around you being a parent to your ho of a daughter. Who in some ways seems more like YOUR parent than you are of hers.I went with the daddy bear brian and finished the game in 2 hours before ultimately refunding it. There's way more dialogue between you and your daughter than there is between you and any of your dates, so this game should really be called ""talk to your daughet simulator"". But I swear, this daughter of yours follows you everywhere, like, leave ♥♥♥♥♥, I'm tryna smash ffs! And then the end of the game revolves around her and her high school graduation, so the game is really about your daughter more than it is about you and your dream daddies."
76561198169038386,Not Recommended,654880,34608058,Posted: 30 August,all,bookwormmaddy,"It's nice to see people being progressive but the content is lacking, it's not worth what they're selling it for and they added a married man you couldn't date because they think it's wrong to ruin marriages... I don't know why they thought it was a good idea to put someone you cant date into a dating simulator lol. There's a second man you also can't be with because he needs to work on himself which I respect, but the marriage thing really annoyed me. I know people have said this already but if feels like they rushed the creation of this and no ending is completely satisfying in my opinion."
76561198041372659,Recommended,654880,33799736,Posted: 25 July,all,Unicorn Butler,Goth dad was woth $15.
,Not Recommended,654880,34001813,Posted: 3 August,all,‡,"if you spend all your time on tumblr talking about your favorite ""ships"" you'll get a kick out of it. but if you're an actual gay man be warned you are not the target audience. it's for women who fetishize gay men and gay relationships."
,Recommended,654880,33679140,Posted: 20 July,all,Kannaragi,This game is now my dad. I am my own dad.
,Recommended,654880,33680505,Posted: 20 July,all,Sallie Drazzi,"My only downside on this game is the lack of sideburn options. What is a dad without the sideburns? Otherwise, A+ punnage and daddage."
76561198127235974,Recommended,654880,33705666,Posted: 21 July,all,Moooses,"I went into this thinking; ""game grumps are good people, they're really trying, it'll be O.K. at best""I was so wrongThis game blew my expectations out of the water.Few games have made me genuinely laugh this much, the soundtrack was so wonderful (even what I did Mat's minigame several times in a row the song never got annoying)The dads, the kids, side characters, AMANDA, all were so well writen and real. I was ready to fight Emma P. or was it Emma R?NO GAY JOKES! just dad jokes. dear god, the dad jokes.Honestly? I'm ready to buy any other games they might make, ddadds has stolen my heart"
76561198150384307,Recommended,654880,33706065,Posted: 21 July,all,ktm823,9.5 made me listen to MCR again
,Recommended,654880,33705693,Posted: 21 July,all,Crashy1997,"As a huge fan of Game Grumps, I am incredibly pleased with the fact that they created a game! I enjoyed the playthrough of it and was very pleased with the amount of Dad jokes placed into it!"
,Recommended,654880,33686794,Posted: 20 July,all,speed weed,Got to date some hot dads. Would recommend.
,Recommended,654880,33711816,Posted: 21 July,all,Spoons,"At the time of writing this review I've done two playthroughs of the game and I've loved every minute of them.Setting aside that this game was published by Game Grumps, for a group of people who were working on their first game this is amazing. There's always going to be a few nitpicks, a couple of typos here and there and my friend experienced a small continuity error in her playthrough, but overall for what you're paying you're getting a lot of game. There's some nods to Game Grumps within the game (such as outfits and quotes), however I feel like it should be pointed out that this game can 100% be played as a standalone game without any prior knowledge of the publishers.People are complaining about the price, but this game is around 1/4 of what big new release games go for currently and yes, the routes individually aren't the longest, but as with all dating sims the intention is that you'll complete several, if not all of the routes. There's different endings for each dad and selecting different options throughout the game can get you different reactions, routes and endings. If you complete the game fully and do all of these routes as intended, this game will take you a while to get through.Overall, this game does what it intends to do well, it's a dating sim and it follows the dating sim formula perfectly. I can't help but feel like those complaining were going into the game expecting more than a dating sim, because as someone who's played several dating sims in the past I can safely say that this is my favourite I've played to date."
76561198308596242,Recommended,654880,33686779,Posted: 20 July,all,ShleyMeister,"This game is amazing. It's not particularly long, but the humor in it is something to beat. I found myself laughing so hard at all the puns or witty comments the character would say. The Dadsona you make is absoluetly precious and Amanda (The daughter) is amazing. It's refreshing to see a family to be happy and comfortable with eachotherBasically, a good game with nice references and dad jokes, 10/10"
,Recommended,654880,33737031,Posted: 22 July,all,lynn.ᕽ,For a very short game it's very creative and adorable! The work put into this is inspired and the game grumps who are a amazing group tried really hard <3 Excited to see more from them and cannot wait to complete all the routes they created!
,Recommended,654880,33683260,Posted: 20 July,all,5€(+|_|/v\§3(\/)|*|24,"okaaaay I finished my first dad-dating, so imho: Overall it's a really really lovely dating-sim! The characters are cute, the art is amazing, the dialogues are entertaining, the music is catchy, there are minigames, even the fast-forwarding is more fun than in other games! (there is no auto-fast-forwarding, a little annoying for the REALLY lazy people like me, but hey! it's kind of fun so yeah :D)It's really polished. The only thing I dislike are some voices because they don't seem to fit the characters.so, you wanna be a proud dad and you like dating-sims/visual novels? who you gonna call? DREAM DADDY!!! *annoyed Amanda noises in the background*I love her so much. *proud daddy noises* T_Ttl;dr: 10/10ps: thanks for the dad tips, Dream Daddy."
,Recommended,654880,33822507,Posted: 26 July,all,i sent my bitch to the store,i smashed potatoes with handsome drunk manvery good game 402/401i just smashed potatoes with very muscular asian manbest game in england
,Recommended,654880,33912167,Posted: 30 July,all,eggy,"Such wholesome and genuine characters!  The mundane interactions feel very true to life and I like that this game does not force sexual content on the palyer like other dating sims.  It's much more ""slice-of-life"" and I love that because it normalizes being queer.Plot progression feels a tad formulaic in comparison to other dating sims but I wasn't expecting something completely unique.TBH it was very much worth the $15 I paid, especially considering I paid like $30 for Tomodachi Life on the DS and that got boring and repetitive after 2 hours.  If the game devs add some more stuff to balance out, like how some characters have more minigames or high stakes scenarios than others, then it could even be considered challenging."
76561198033277033,Recommended,654880,33741012,Posted: 23 July,all,Arkneos404,"So this game is really awesome! The art is stunning, the writing is amazing, the game is wholesome over all and it's really nice to have so much diversity in a dating sim. I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to drop a couple hours giggling at all the different dates and oggling at some hot dads! It's not too expensive, and it's super casual for if you need something to play in between doing other things.However, I do want to ask why Joseph doesn't have a good ending unlike the rest of the dads. Was this intended, in which case what the hell, or is this a glitch? And why hasn't anyone said anything about his endings yet? No spoilers, but his ending(s?) are genuinely upsetting and I'd like that to be fixed."
,Recommended,654880,33901942,Posted: 30 July,all,thetruthisinthegoo42,"This was a heavily anticipated game for me. I've been a mega fan of the Game Grumps for about 4 years now and I couldn't wait to get my hands on this game. And I was blown away. This is one of the most heart warming, funny, and genuinely emotinal games I've played in a while. And the puns. Oh the puns. Just buy it, especially if you have even a passing intrest in dating sims or the Game Grumps. 5/5 would and will be playing again. This game is a dream come true."
,Recommended,654880,33707807,Posted: 21 July,all,Clippy,Oh boy i love getting cucked by a white christian dad 10/10 best gaym
,Recommended,654880,33693337,Posted: 21 July,all,Unimate,"Pros:- Fun and inclusive dad-builder- Plethora of dads to romance- Cute minigames- Gratuitous dad puns- Heartwarming father-daughter relationshipCons:- Controller support is... definitely partial--it took me over an hour of fiddling with the settings for my Xbox One controller to get a configuration that was both a) playable at all, and b) didn't hurt my hands.- Caused me, a grown adult, to Feel Things and cry more than once (this... is probably a pro tbh)Might just be that I need to play more:- The story seems to be a bit detached from queer culture? Like, yes all the dudes in this cul-de-sac are men who love men to one extent or another, but even though they're all dads I'm missing the things the queer men in my own life are into like pride centre meetups/gay bookstore outings (though there is the Coffee Spoon, to be fair)/etc. To be fair I've only played through two storylines (Craig and Joseph) at time of writing, but based on what I've seen thus far it has me a bit let down anyways."
,Recommended,654880,33692461,Posted: 21 July,all,ƸOƷ,"I bought this game because I initially thought it was going to be a joke (not based on advertising or title alone but as a concept and based on the fact that the Game Grumps, a comedy ""let's play"" channel, produced and funded it). Dream Daddy ended up being one of the best dating sims I have ever played. There is a real heart to this game from people who very obviously loved their fathers and who will potentially be fathers. We all have worries about how our kids will end up. We all have hangups from previous loves. We all deal with insecurities the best way that we can and sometimes that comes out as dad jokes and/or terrible puns.I also realized about halfway through this game that it's not just a dating sim but an honest introspection as to the kind of parent you would want to be for your kid. Amanda is definitely the kind of child I would hope to have. If I got my kid to the age of 18 and they didn't sass me this much while also being a great person, I'd consider myself a failure.I've only completed one daddy storyline so far but I will explore the others simply because I am intrigued with this community the Game Grumps have created. I am not a man or a father or ever will be, but that did not stop me from enjoying this game."
,Recommended,654880,33694872,Posted: 21 July,all,Bucciarati,100/10 heavy bass opening song woke my housemates at 5am while I struggled to find a volume slider
76561198128188449,Recommended,654880,33711431,Posted: 21 July,all,Mr.StealYourBoy,10/10 would dad again.
76561198095598228,Recommended,654880,33728441,Posted: 22 July,all,Kathryn pattison,"I truly love this game. It has a couple of flaws but nothing horrifyingly game breaking so there's nothing to panic about there. I'll lay them out first.For one the recording of Hugo's voice was a little echoy and could be abrasive at times.Another would be on occasions your dad character's profile would jerk back onto screen and then quickly off again. It's not a huge deal but can break emmersion.A few grammatical mistakes here and there but totally forgivable.But those are the only real complaints I have. Aside from that the game is truly wonderful and one of my favourites.I found myself loving the quirky humour immediately and could really see the work the developers put into making each character unique with their own fears and personal flaws. It made me want to get to know them more and impress them whenever I was with them. Especially Brian. Goddammit Brian!I picked it up and played it for two hours straight as I was taken away with the story and enthralled with the jokes and fun places to go with each dad.The design was beautiful and was charming in the almost sketchy look of a few places like the pizza place and the carnival. As well as of course the characters themselves which were memorable and inclusive without an air of forcefulness.In addition the music was delightful and had a lovely sweet air about it worthy of a few more listens. It didn't become tiresome at all.The minigames were fun thought it was a bit odd when the design style of each changed but they fit in nicely with each unique narrative.The story was very well told and I found myself getting emotional when Amanda was upset and joyful when she was as well. You can really tell this was a passion project for all those involved and I'm glad they could fix those bugs Vernon mentioned on his Twitter.This game isn't just 'made by the Game Grumps', there's a wonderful game here that is well worth the price if not for the constant love of dogs and presenting an ideal world of groan worthy dad puns in a harmonious, colourful little culdisac."
76561198098170122,Recommended,654880,33711359,Posted: 21 July,all,Tinimoo,"First off, dating sims have never really been my jam. The only other one I've played was hatoful boyfriend and even that I wasn't really bothered to finish.I've been playing this game for hours since i bought it, having a blast and still feel like I'm missing out on a bunch of stuff, idk what people are talking about when they say it's too short. Like, yes there's 3 dates and it can end but I feel like there's incentive to take more than one path/dates in a playthrough? And even if there's not, I'm still having fun.This game is the price of a 3d movie ticket but entertained me for way longer (and didn't hurt my eyes). Price seemed fair to me. The story is cute and hilarious, and the art is gorgeous. The writing made me very literally laugh out loud several times in the first hour alone, which so rarely happens anymore. Plus the writing for all the Dads' characterizations was just really really interesting. I ended up taking routes I didn't think I would because characters that seemed boring to me actually turned out to be really quirky and interesting.I do agree that your 'dadsona' customization could probably have more options or be a bit more to the dateable dads art quality, but I appreciate the subtle inclusive options you can take with it.The Joseph ending is super cruel though, I'm not gonna be over that for awhile."
76561198077875847,Recommended,654880,33684055,Posted: 20 July,all,propika,"dated brian, saw him shirtless, played skeeballoverall im gay and this is game of the yearmy dadsona was dan and he was a great dad10/10 more dad puns needed"
,Recommended,654880,33686368,Posted: 20 July,all,s.s. georgie,i love my daughter and will break the bones of any who hurt herthe dads are pretty hot too. caters to niche interests. indie dad is my fav so far. i am LIVING
76561198255347936,Recommended,654880,35110837,Posted: 21 September,all,NelsonGoat,"the story is deep but short. i think overall is good but it would be better if lengthen the story like adding some events that are not happened in any dating but a general one as to make the neigbourhood or the overall story more lively than just dates. i like the artwork at the end, the character's personalities are well distributed and the mini games are very nice."
,Recommended,654880,35109065,Posted: 21 September,all,Roonicorn,"I really like this game. The characters are very varied and interesting and I really like that they don't all have traditionally good endings. It makes for a unique dating sim experience. The art and music is beautiful and all in all it feels like a really well put together game.I have a couple of criticisms however.The way the story's written doesn't allow you to really sculpt your character's personality. You're stuck with a very specific kind of character and it would've been nice to have more control over the personality.The music volume is inconsistent. Not a massive issue but in some places the sounds are really loud and in others they're very quiet.There are a lot of typos/grammatical errors in the dialogue. Again, not a massive issue but it just makes it feel a bit rushed as if nobody properly proof read it before releasing the game. It wouldn't bother me but it's more than just one or two minor errors; There are quite a few.To summarise: It's an excellent game and is worth playing but it's lacking a certain attention to detail, leaving it feeling slightly unfinished."
,Recommended,654880,33908135,Posted: 30 July,all,eleje,i didn't mind spending 15 dollars. it's pretty great.
,Recommended,654880,33909618,Posted: 30 July,all,IItreeHuggerII,"I actually loved this game, so far did 3 endings. I loved the dad jokes and the hilarious little changes that happens when you do each ending.However, when playing the game I realised how sad my love life is when I resorted to dating pixel dads on a video game and I ended up knowing them better than my actual friends."
,Recommended,654880,33691288,Posted: 21 July,all,big daddy,i give brian belly rubs while he tells me how to build a patio and its hot. im very gay
,Recommended,654880,34895996,Posted: 11 September,all,Bluh_ah,Vry gay 69/10
,Recommended,654880,33683201,Posted: 20 July,all,lucas ✠,DADDY ♥
76561198053738162,Recommended,654880,33699162,Posted: 21 July,all,Jerrovick,This game is a gift to humanity.
,Recommended,654880,33731805,Posted: 22 July,all,jesus take the wheel,great gay game. i love it
76561198132866453,Recommended,654880,33765828,Posted: 24 July,all,Daph,"Good art, good story, good jokes. I don't think I've ever played a dating sim before (not appealing to me) but I had fun with this one. Very colorful, sweet, can't wait to see another game from these creators!"
,Recommended,654880,33709218,Posted: 21 July,all,MiodUGH,"Good music, funny jokes, hot dads that help me deal with my raging hormones and daddy issues 10/10 also got laid on the first day that's a plus."
76561198157920746,Recommended,654880,34315527,Posted: 17 August,all,Greech,"Overall, I really enjoyed this game. The art had a consistent style which I sometimes find is an issue in dating simulators. Great diversity in the dads that you can date, which is more than I can say for other dating sims of late. I enjoyed the music and found it to be simple but not too repetitive. I was disappointed that some of the dads reject you in the end of their route, but it's understandable, and my disappointment is not a criticism. The stories were original and cute, and the jokes were honestly hilarious most of the time. One thing that I found tedious is that every time one plays a new dad, the story with Amanda stays the same, so I found myself mashing the space bar through the common dialogue. I understand why it isn't changed from dad to dad, as each route isn't separate from the others, and one can date every dad before choosing their 'Dream Daddy' for the third date, but for people who want to 100% the game it's really boring. Another thing that I didn't like is how short the game was. I'm disappointed that the relationship with each dad isn't expanded upon, and each story seems a little stunted. In my opinion, there should be more dates for each dad, as the player doesn't get to really experience each storyline with the limited 'three date' system. In comparison to other games in the genre, this game is very short, and I would like to have played it for longer than I did. I didn't feel it got the story across in the time allotted. All in all, I really enjoyed the game and it's unique, if not campy, concept. I wish I could have played more of it, but the time I spent inside the games universe was well worth it. If a sequel was to be made, I would certainly buy it."
76561198019503836,Recommended,654880,34588283,Posted: 29 August,all,Barbie6669,"I just finished the game, and I'm struggling not to cry, tears have emerged from eyes anyhow, BUT HOW WILL I EVER FIND SOMEONE A DREAMY AS DAMIEN?!I want to write loveletters, walk moonlight strolls, and have a picnic at the cementary! How will I ever find a guy that shares my passion for the victorian era, poetry, art, calligraphy, F*CKING FLOWER SYMBOLISM?! He's so perfect!My secret is out... I am a hopeless romantic... And I'm going to replay the same storyline again. Possibly again again.If you love romantic comedies (or, like me hate them, because you start crying and don't want anyone to see that...), then 11/5!"
76561198325575675,Not Recommended,654880,33901550,Posted: 30 July,all,Seelöwe,"I found a bug in the game.Amanda  she appeared all the time. Although that is not her scene. Even though I started a new game, she still came out.Is anyone like me? I was very disappointed.ps. Sorry my english is not good ...."
,Recommended,654880,33690559,Posted: 21 July,all,starcourt,"So I'll say upfront that I'm writing this review after playing this game for 9 straight hours. Not to be a Quizmaster Quinn, but gotta love that ""playing a dating sim for several hours straight to avoid anxiety"", am I right? Right guys? Right? (oh god, i'm so sad--)Anyways, Dream Daddy is a great game with a fantastic sense of humor. Several times during my playthrough I found myself literally laughing out loud, struck by the acute comedic timing that is difficult to do over a mostly text-based medium. The characters are all fantastic, even the side characters, and there were moments that were surprisingly touching. The story, though mostly light, contains scenes that can really resonate with a diverse audience; from characters that seriously feel real. The dialogue never sounds fake--it's all very natural, even (and I would argue, Especially) the dad jokes.There were small technical issues, but I only ran into them when I gave in to save-scumming (something that is sort of hard to resist in these types of games, if you're like me.) If you saved during a scene, and then decided that you wanted to change an answer that you selected--loading the scene often times resulted in the music track that was previously playing over it being completely silent. The music would start up again, but only after it transitioned into a new scene (or, more specifically, a new song.) This could be irritating, if only because I couldn't see a way to circumvent it unless you saved often, and didn't mind going back far enough that you could restart the full scene. The only other issue I ran into besides that one was that once, after reloading a scene, a character sprite that had been on the screen in an earlier scene showed up over the top of the character sprite of the person that I was currently speaking with. This lasted until, basically, the ""end of the day"". (It was Joseph's creepy little twins as well, which.... was an Experience.)All that having been said, the game is still incredibly charming and the few bugs that I encountered weren't enough to ruin that for me. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys dating sims, cute music, endearing characters, and/or Very Good Dad Jokes. Happy Dad-ing!"
76561198385491815,Recommended,654880,34882890,Posted: 11 September,all,Jettuwu,10/10
,Recommended,654880,33744678,Posted: 23 July,all,QueenOfPizza,"Brian is too much of a one-upper so Shawn and I are trying to go for ~Goth Dad~ Damien, who's surprisingly not as bad as original thought. SOON, I SHALL BE MR. BLOODMARCH.*For real though - possible spoilers*I do like how much is in this game so far - it's been over 3 hours, and we've only been on one date with two mini-games (one inspired by Pokemon and the other inspired by Legends of the Hidden temple ). The game starts off kinda slow at first, but we got more into it and had some fun. Lots of customization options, and we decided to name our character ""Singh InDaRayne"" and make him wear Danny Sexbang's spandex + cape. Such Dadly."
,Recommended,654880,33853535,Posted: 28 July,all,Reverend Macklemore,This game ruined my life 10/10
76561198156850929,Not Recommended,654880,34023225,Posted: 4 August,all,Mr.Eater,"This game is just youtuber bait. Good art design, good thought put into it , and the developers actually seem to put effort and love into their own game, but the story is so out there. Your character, and your daughter go through random mood swings in the middle of the story to help push it along, even if its out of their own character, and a major plot point in the story with your daughter was god awful,you expect me a random player to care about my ""daughter"" with the little time I spent with her? Why would I even care. Not only that but the solution to her problem is so predictable i called it from the first cry scene, now that i'm on predictability lets talk about that pitiful bad end. What can I not say? the bad end i got after one dad was so awful I stopped playing and was ready to refund it. dying in a dating sim is very acceptable, but you have to be insane to die the way they chose your character's death, Its pathetic.It's even funnier when you think to yourself ""theirs no way if i pick this bad end choice ill get XYZ,"" and then you proceed to get XYZ. This will probably be the pickiest thing in this reason but still, this game is nothing but a huge cliche. any dad you pick, you can pretty much pen them down and their personality when you first meet them. the music guy at the cafe literally had the most basic music taste imaginable to the point where i can easily pick the right choice with out any thought, maybe I'm just the wrong demographic for this game, but naming a style ""Godspeed You Black coffee."" or something like that made me cringe more then the meme dialogue between my character and daughter. This point is just picky, if you are a complete pleb when it comes to music i guess you'll like the joke, but anyone with semi taste in music would cringe at this line.Then the game length is short, If your reading comprehension is above the third grade this game shouldn't take longer then an hour, and that with actually trying to beat the mini games. I feel like when you date one of the dads you can just easily spam the date feature and just rush past most of the bonding with the other dads. Including the fact all the dads join some magical party that the player didn't plan, but somehow put together with no input from the player. What Dream daddy tried to do was pretty good seeing as this was their first try at something like this, but its far from perfect. Maybe on their next game they could actually include most of these things, and it'll be a way better game overall, but until then, or theirs a deal that makes this game cost what it should cost. I'm done with this incomplete dating sim.TL:DRPros:Fresh ideaDecent ArtCons:Story lengthCharacter developmentCustomizationPredictableGo back to the drawing and use Dream Daddy as a base line and improve it."
,Recommended,654880,33678705,Posted: 20 July,all,bad at cod,gay
76561198105896035,Recommended,654880,34891963,Posted: 11 September,all,Unflinching Anthropophobic,"I think it's good for a point and click game twhich tends to have a very simplistic format. However, it is probably best to wait for the price to come down for most. The emphasis on creating your own story is quite fun. The graphics are simplistic. It's a shame that the audio dialogue is mainly repetitive and get get irritating after a bit.The major reason I give this a positive review, however, is because there are far too many obnoxious homophobe gamers that are giving this game a bad time. Of course, there are others that will probably argue that these people in the game are too stereotypical, among other representational issues. Personally, I think this is utterly ridiculous as it's a game to just be enjoyed, not be overly and meaninglessly politicised. Although I can understand that gamers focused on issues of representation are most likely obsessed with this as an issue because they practically inhabit the gaming world and make it their permanent home, as opposed to living in the real one and focusing on LGBT issues there instead.But I digress. Good game that actually might raise awareness to those gamers who create their own little homophobic and heteronormative virtual bubble. So I think it's good for this reason."
76561198035541380,Recommended,654880,33746075,Posted: 23 July,all,Vash1414,"Overall I reccomend it. It's fun and cute, and i enjoyed it a lot, but it's definitely not worth the price. There are only 2 endings per dad and the routes are all really short, plus at least 2 achievements are literally impossible to get right now. And for some reason Hugo sounds like his ""lines""(grunts and ""ooh""s) were recorded with a toaster, why does he sound so ♥♥♥♥ing bad when everyone else sounds clear and crisp?"
76561198335673955,Recommended,654880,35029792,Posted: 17 September,all,nihilistworm,"Not exactly worth 15 dollars, but its TOTALLY worth it if it goes on sale. The personalities of the dads are well written, and its nice that theyre not all stereotypical tropes of what their physical appearance implies. I haven'nt been able to get all the endings yet, but I know theres some good ones that you wouldn't expect! The mini games are also pretty good, but I will hope that they patch the game to include more of them. The game has great and wholesome humor and it makes me wish stronger than ever that my dad would love me."
,Recommended,654880,33731372,Posted: 22 July,all,Viktor,"I'm bi and I loved it, thanks.P.D: I would love it even more if there were more CGs and a bit of (Don't bite me) sexy things."
,Recommended,654880,33768692,Posted: 24 July,all,rowanleader,"While this game undoubtedly has its faults (giving you only 3 dates with each daddy, the customization options for yourself not being amazing, Hugo's voice sounding like they recorded it in a trash can...) overall - for the price, especially - the experience, writing, interactions with your daughter, perfect representation of the G and T in LGBT+ and the actual romancing of the daddies themselves is well worth it all."
76561197974092123,Not Recommended,654880,33732601,Posted: 22 July,all,Jack,"I'm wanting to enjoy this game, it has such potential. A game about gay dads, the possibility to make a trans character, for your former partner to have been male or female etc.And I love it for that but right now the game feels like a shell. The 'voice acting' is a series of annoying grunts that quickly become tedious. The gameplay is just.. reading, and even then the writing isn't that great. Minus the dad puns that are excellent, but that doesn't make a game. Also, I want to find myself investing in the characters but they don't really feel very relatable or real, or that they have any depth? I admit they obviously tried to make you feel for your daughter but I would have loved some kind of customisation there so I could feel more like we were a family. I'd also like to see the choices you make to have a greater impact on the story, to really be able to drive it in the direction you want to take and make it your own. But you are stuck playing your character as it is written with no chance of altering the personality.I kind of feel like people are so desperate for LGBT content that many are willing to overlook how lacking this game currently is. And if that is what you want then sure, you will probably enjoy this, but if you're also looking for a good, well rounded game then maybe not.I hope they keep developing it because like I said, there is potential. Just right now it's not really standing up to the hype it's receiving. Wait until they add more content or buy it on sale, not worth full price as it is."
,Recommended,654880,33940481,Posted: 31 July,all,Yasuhoe,idk was fun-ishbuggy thomaybe not for 17 bucks
76561198290999014,Recommended,654880,34873111,Posted: 10 September,all,Nanoxion,Love this game! Hope to see more games like this! XD
76561198328782875,Not Recommended,654880,33702898,Posted: 21 July,all,lieutenantmeowmeow,"While charming and funny, the game relies heavily on repeating the first 2 hours of the game. The dates are not actually dates and the romance seems thin. The game also contains multiple bugs that stop you from loading your data. While occasionally enjoyable, it isn't worth $15."
,Not Recommended,654880,34789725,Posted: 7 September,all,russianhousedj,"You could easily get the full experience of this game by watching a play through of it on youtube, which I think says a lot. The price tag for the game doesn't seem fitting, as it's short and the replay value equates to skipping through dialogue for an hour just to try to obtain one of the game's unfulfilling ""good endings."" The art is very nice, the writing is cute, and the mini games were a good idea, but lacking. All in all, I haven't touched this game since the day I bought it, after dating just 2 of the dads, and I probably won't again in the future. Could've spent my $15 on something better."
,Not Recommended,654880,33918123,Posted: 30 July,all,lucyy1112,"Not for the price unfortunately. There are games of this format that I've played for free with about 30+ hours of playtime.I was expecting the game to be longer, like 4+ hours for each guy because that's simply what I'm used to...There wasn't enough relationship development between you and your dream daddy. If the creators couldn't afford that...they could probably have cut to about 5 or even 4 daddy's with a fair amount of story for each of them and I would've been quite happy. The 3 dates mechanic is nice because its pretty streamlined but also very lacking.Also wish there were more outfits to choose from.However I was pretty entertained playing this game and I finished Robert's route last because I bought the game just to play his route. It was my favorite. : 3 The routes for most of the guys are pretty good but again, lack of playtime spent on each of them. One of the routes was especially weird for me just because there wasn't much chemistry between the daddy and dadsona and then you get to the last date and the two are like ""I have feelings for you."" ""Me too."" The silly mini games were pretty funny, I can't putt putt for my life.Good game, but could do with more content."
,Not Recommended,654880,33894750,Posted: 29 July,all,Shiny Sylveon,"Not sure if the dev's have even LOOKED at a dating sim before as beyond the bugs, you don't even date most of the dads (it's just building friendships with most characters).  Marketing this as a pro-gay game was queerbaiting and while the writing is good that's just inexcusable."
,Recommended,654880,33680759,Posted: 20 July,all,FrankMcShank,The dreamiest daddy dating sim out there. 11/10
,Recommended,654880,34201115,Posted: 12 August,all,Dopey Spud,I think that there should be more choices and dates. It it's still a good game with some hot dads
76561198257372601,Not Recommended,654880,33689453,Posted: 20 July,all,big black cocker spaniel,"Warning: this is long. Marked as negative only because you'd want to get a sale on it and not buy it full price.TL;DR not a bad game, but wait for a sale to get it. 7/10.I've been a fan of the Grumps for about two years now, and it's exciting to see that they/their friends have made a game.That being said, this game is far from perfect.First off, the voice acting. It's not bad, since dating sims tend to not have a heavy focus on spoken dialogue, but I went in expecting a bit more than grunts and the occasional 'Bro'. I followed this game on Twitter, and voice actor Matt Mercer displayed interest in the game. One of the creators (Vernon Shaw, specifically) said that he could be a DLC dad. While this isn't that much of an issue, if the DLC claim is legitimate, I am not willing to spend any amount of money just to hear the voice of Jesse McCree do dad grunts.Second off, walls of text and minor grammar/punctuation errors. I understand that dating sims need enough background so the player can fully understand what they're doing, but there is a difference between providing background in readable chunks and dialogue and providing background in paragraph after paragraph. HuniePop and Hatoful Boyfriend did this well; it chunked what plot it had into readable boxes with an appropriate amount of text. Dream Daddy's dialogue formatting is a wall of text that can be difficult to read. While minor grammar and punctuation errors are to be expected, the frequency in which they show up is irritating and distracted me from what I was doing.Third off, the character creator was a bit underwhelming compared to the rest of the art in the game. That didn't really impact anything, just figured I should point it out. Very nice that they included a transgender option, though.Finally, it takes a decent length of time to get into the game's plot. For example, about thirty minutes in, I had hardly gotten to the barbecue scene where you can start dating people. Introductions to the characters and their quirks are important, but it should happen gradually rather than all at once in a too-convenient location.Now, the positives.Characters are lively, exaggerated, but in a good way that makes the player giggle at their chosen dad's sense of humor. The kids, from what I have seen so far, are also great and I very much enjoy seeing them onscreen with their eye-rolling and 'Ugh,Dad's.Dialogue, while not brilliant or particularly astounding, alternates between funny and heartfelt and it works well. Amanda's conversations with the player and interactions with other characters stand out.The character design is well-done; again, it makes the characters come alive despite limited facial expressions. HuniePop had a bad case of same-face and basic emotions* (for an example, think Fire Emblem Awakening's support Avatars and their decent but lacking emotions), while Dream Daddy's characters are more unique and more expressive (think Kid Icarus Uprising's conversations between Pit and Palutena on the bottom screen and their expressions).The story/plot itself is a bit cliche, but it's a dating game. I'm not expecting a sweeping tale of romance and chivalry, here. I will say, though, that the dates (speaking only from the Robert route) tend to be better than the general storyline.Additionally, a statement for all those looking for sexually pleasurable material in this game: you may find it in another game, but you will not find it in this game. This is not HuniePop, you will not receive raunchy pictures, see dirty scenes, or do anything that's more than implied to be sexy.All in all, Dream Daddy is decent. The delays built hype that underwhelmed me, but it's not terrible. Paying fifteen dollars for it isn't really all that worth it. It's a good Summer Sale/Sale game that the player can enjoy despite some of the problems. 7/10, would play again.*And yes, I am aware HuniePop is not supposed to be a game where you care about who you're getting with. It was the best example for me to use because 1) I have 19 hours logged in it and 2) Using Hatoful Boyfriend's pigeon stock photos as an example of a lack of emotion shown in a character's face felt cheap."
76561198287153175,Recommended,654880,33678578,Posted: 20 July,all,Wilbur_potato,Video games are saved
,Recommended,654880,34268509,Posted: 15 August,all,sleepyish,gay
,Not Recommended,654880,33868835,Posted: 28 July,all,mr karbs,$15 is ridiculous for a game that feels like it was collectively written by every 14 year old on Tumblr just because it has Game Grump's name on it. Feels like a free dating sim on Newgrounds with slightly better art. Buy it in a month when everyone stops caring about it and it goes on sale for 75% off if you're that interested in dad jokes.
,Not Recommended,654880,33803817,Posted: 26 July,all,reaverulez,"I wanted to love this game, so I played through all of the routes looking for something redeemable for it (ignore achievments as I played on my youtube account.) This ""game"" is nothing more than a shallow and short visual novel made to make people on tumblr feel all warm and fuzzy. Seriously, the story is shallow, the dad's are 1-dimmensional, some of these backgrounds are TERRIBLE (as are the gallery cards for some of the dads), and the devs don't even bother letting buyers know they are listening to us with bug reports and commentary on it.:let's start with my first complaint in that list:""Story""This story of a single dad and his daughter started off strong, a widowed father and his teenage daughter moving to a new neighborhood, a good start there. What happened to your lover though? Did your character and this person have a healthy relationship? Did they care for your child as much as you did? Do we even get as much as a ♥♥♥♥ing flashback where we can see their full face and flesh out Amanda and your character's personality's other than ""you are her father, care for her""? NOPE! Good story that, ignore everything that happened with her childhood and your former lover because LOOK HOT DADS, SCREW THAT DEAD PERSON WE USED TO LIKE! Yes, before you ask, that is all you get, dropped into a plot that isn't a plot at all and everything but the memes and dad-joke tumblr pandering put on the back burner.""The Dads""holy crap these guys are like that one D-bag you knew in school, pretty to look at but there is really nothing else there. You get to choose from a jock,a bear, a teacher, a bad boy, a good christian, a goth, and a hipster -and isn't that just the setup for a Breakfast Club joke?- I would love to tell you more about these characters, but it won't matter, at all. For a game called a ""dad dating game"" it seems like you are the only one actually being a parent, hell one of these ""dads"" doesn't even have a child, or at least, not one that will ever be seen on screen. you get a maximum of two dates that seem like they were written when they were delaying the game with how bad the intimacy is in them. You get to know next to nothing about any of these people or their stories and when you get locked into a ""romance"" path on the third date you are suddenly in love and know everything you need to know about them because ""meh they said that one thing I liked"".  These charactes could have been great, and if the devs took their time to write this game to where it was worth it's price point it would be awesome. Sadly that won't happen, unless probably with a paid DLC, but at this point in time? Look up the right answers to get the eggplants and hit the fast forward button because it doesn't actually matter.""Artwork""this one i'll keep short. character sprites of everyone except yourself look good, you look like a newgrounds flash game character that got lost and thrown into the wrong universe. Seriously, they spend all this time on the character sprites and yet the character creator looks like it was slapped together for someone's deviantart gallery as a dressup game. Some of these backgrounds are gorgeous and you can really tell the artist paid attention to detail too! Then you move to another area in game and get stuck with a rough sketch of what might be a....""park? A forest? I'unno but it's green so we'll go with that.""And Finally ""Radio Silence""The dev team has been silent to buyers of this game since release despite people sending in bug reports and critique of the game, yes it has been only about a week since release but a nice ""hey we got the message, we'll work on it"" only takes 5 minutes, if that. Why is no one replying on the Dev team about the issues with the game but Vernon and the dream daddy twitter posting♥♥♥♥♥♥daily to advertise the game? The most people have gotten back so far is a dev saying one glitch existed with the ""World's Okayest dad"" achievement, but other than that we get nothing.  By and large this just  feels like they are ignoring the problem until people slow down on buying a $15 dollar game that lasts 45 minutes.Final thoughts?This game could have been great and it could have been a really emotional story of a widowed father and his child moving on with their lives and finding a way to keep their relationship healthy as he starts opening up and seeing new people. Instead, we got eye-candy in some places, dad jokes, and exploitation of the gay and game grumps community in order to push a visual novel where choices don't matter. Do not buy until it gets a maor overhaul or the price drops to $5."
76561198094848115,Not Recommended,654880,33709777,Posted: 21 July,all,Reema,"Hoping for a sweet, fun dating simulator where you can date hot single dads? You might get that! Or you might get a psychological horror game that promotes domestic abuse and cheating!Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating simulator is, at first glance, a funny and sweet game. But be careful, you might accidentally die by falling off a waterfall or backflipping into a table or a number of other things! Thats right, there's at least ONE death per route! So long as you stick to the good options for the good daddies the game wants you to date, you'll find an enjoyable experience that's pretty short lived.But where does the psychological horror and domestic abuse and cheating come into play, you might ask. Look no further than one of the poster boys, Joseph!Joseph is kind and fun youth pastor with four children and a wife named Mary. Mary is an alcoholic who neglets her children and cheats on her husband. If you play through Joseph's route, you get one of three endings. Two of which he stays in an abusive relationship with Mary. The third one is a hidden ending where this ravishing young pastor who loves children, Jesus, wicked dance moves, sailing and margaritaville is actually a cult leader/demonic entity! Yep, you read that right! And apparently he feasts off the other dads energy and miiiiiight have also killed their wives or forced a divorce!In all seriousness, the game was pretty good up until I played through Joseph's route. I got the 'good' ending where he stays with his wife, but continues to have an affair with the Main Character. This game really screwed over his character and gives a message saying ""hey, if you're in an abusive relationship with someone you should stay with them"" or, if on the very so rare chance you get the secret ending ""never trust anyone because if you do they'll betray you! See this guy you thought was a nice religious figure coming to terms with his sexuality? PSYCH! He's a demon feeding off your and your friends souls :D""ASIDE from Joseph, the other characters routes were funny and endearing. The art was so so lovely and the moments with them were sweet as well as the main storyline with your daughter. I teared up a bit, for sure. However, it's a pretty short game. If you were to straight up do one character's route, not dating any of the others, it's about an hour or more. And if you skip past the main story points where who you date doesnt matter, it's maybe 30 minutes. Overall the game is about 7 hours total if you don't reread all the main story parts (like helping Amanda with her friend-crisis).TL;DRART STYLE- 5/5Beautiful and diverse characters with simple, but nice backgrounds.MUSIC- 4/5A little too loud but otherwise amazing original music that really fit the tone.CHARACTERS- 3/5All of the characters were extremely well written, though some of them were either not so great or straight up terrible towards the end (mostly Joseph in his own route and other dads in routes that weren't their own)STORY- 2/5There are really only 4 scenes with each dad after their introduction. 3 dates that get progressively more romantic, and then an end scene. Most characters have 2 ends, a good one and a bad one, with a few exceptions. The first 3 scenes are incredibly sweet and really show off the characters. The endings are usually getting dumped or being asked to wait until things get better, which is ok but there wasn't really a super happy ending- at least not as far as I got. The main story which is mostly helping your daughter is pretty sweet and realistic, but very short. Overall, there's not much of a story so much as 4 scenes pasted on top of a thinly written semi-story.I wish there was another option other than Yes, i recommend this game and No, i do not recommend this game. Some parts of it were really great! But Joseph's character and route really got to me and disturbed me. I believe the game would have been much better if his happy ending was ""Hey, i'm going to get a divorce with Mary. Can you wait for me and be there for me while this goes through?"" because you should never stay in an unhealthy relationship.So no, I wouldn't recommend this game unless you don't care about ever doing Joseph's routes. And, if that is the case, I wouldn't recommend buying it for $15. On sale, maybe.(My reasoning for that, even if you dont wanna play joseph's route, is that it's pretty short, even more so without completing all the routes)"
76561198091063533,Recommended,654880,34033553,Posted: 5 August,all,Chartaro,THIS GAME IS GREAT. ( No Homo )
,Not Recommended,654880,35109814,Posted: 21 September,all,Secretly A Lizard,"I did not get far into Dream Daddy at all so I won't discuss the actual storylines but here's something I figured out very, very quickly: this is not a game for gay/bi/pan men. It is a game for women.I was super excited for this game when it was announced because I was tired of playing straight dating sims. I knew that some of the people making it was queer in some way, so I was hopeful. But then it came out.The character creator was the first thing that made me nervous. Making a masculine character was incredibly difficult. Every character I made came out looking femme. (Not necessarily a bad thing, non-masculine men exist, but it was excessively hard.) I did not get the feeling that this was a game for me AT ALL. And I really, really wanted to love this game.I refunded this game quickly and got my $15 back. And keep in mind THIS IS NOT A FULL GAME. It is the first chapter of a full game, which is not mentioned anywhere. So you aren't buying a full game, only the first part of one."
,Not Recommended,654880,33794146,Posted: 25 July,all,infantMajesty,"I'll change it when they correct the golf minigame and the Joseph ending.EDIT: they said to have fixed at least the minigame, but it is still a pile of automatic garbage."
,Recommended,654880,33692550,Posted: 21 July,all,Marceline the Vampire Queen,"Pros:-Emotionally invested within two minutes-Customizable Dadsona (including backstory details!)-So damn proud of my daughter omg-Totally get to be the Cool Dad-The protag is literally me in personality, it's amazing (but also a little weird because I'm so similar like wow)-Inclusive af. Like, I was so pleasantly surprised by how much was considered for people who are usually forgotten-So many dad jokes. So. Many.-DogsCons:-I got a glitch where the creepy twins were on my screen FOREVER and I had to reload to a scene before they appeared to fix it-Idk the eye choices are all a little weird tbh? But that's p subjectiveAll in all, 11/10, full single dad to no longer single dad experience, with all of the pride, awkward jokes, and arguments with teenagers that come with it."
,Recommended,654880,33692948,Posted: 21 July,all,Sylphgoddess,"SOOOOOOO F_ING CUTE !!! Im dying from all the cute and sweet overhere! literally tried only one route so far and i really enjoy the story that was put together, sadly i got a neutral ending but i swear that craig will be mine! i cant wait to go through everything in this game and i do mean everything! save states for days my dears."
76561198100175779,Recommended,654880,33695423,Posted: 21 July,all,Cuddycat,"The only issue I have with this game so far is that the mini games can be a bit confusing but overall i cannot recommend this enough. It has so much heart and the relationships with Amanda and the other Dads seem so genuine and goodhearted. And then there's the puns. Oh man the puns - I haven't laughed this much with a dating sim in a long time. Seriously, this game is such fun and the Dads are such sweethearts."
76561198052793834,Recommended,654880,33689587,Posted: 20 July,all,himinoboi,"Great game, crazy diverse endings. Wish my achievements would load but heck this was great fun, I played all day!"
,Recommended,654880,33689570,Posted: 20 July,all,theravingdorito,"Firstly, the writing in this is just down right phenomenal. By far the most realistic and entertaining writing I have ever encountered in a VN. That being said, it's downright worth the 15 dollars alone just including the snippets with Amanda. She is truly my child. I have raised her.The writing is honestly my biggest selling point. But the graphics, the catchy music, the smooth interface, the dadsona, the exceptional diversity of dad choices - all executed wonderfully.If it's one thing I could ask for improvement on, it's the crunch from ""hey I'm a new dad nice to meet you"" to ""love interest"". This game isn't a novel length per dad, which is okay. But the build up to a relationship is half the fun on a dating sim. I felt like I selected my Daddy and romance was just...There? Still enjoyable, just not as enjoyable as it had the potential to be.Another thing that I saw pointed out already, was the selections for building your dad. Not awful, i made a pretty hot dad if I do say so myself. But the contrast between the art style of the dad you built, and the finished styles in the game weren't...the same? It bothered me a bit (were the glasses supposed to have white specks on them up close? idk but dude). There could have been a bit more of a selection, and a bit more serious selections. But over all, I wouldn't call that a deal breaker. I finessed my dad hunk and got to work seducin'.Overall, this game is great! I was pretty impressed and hope to see a lot more - either additions or future games! Thanks guys for all your hard work!"
,Recommended,654880,33690188,Posted: 21 July,all,dani,"This game is adorable!The character customization is so great, especially how LGBTQ friendly it is (you can wear a binder if you choose)The Dads themselves are so interesting to talk to, they are all so unique and Amanda is a great character too.I love the Dad puns, all of the great references... and THERE IS A CORGI... so like, how can you not enjoy Dream Daddy?I'm gonna pre!"
,Recommended,654880,33686922,Posted: 20 July,all,💖hearth-rob💖,"i was hooked from the moment i heard the theme song, honestly. it's so full of charm and silly jokes and is really diverse and lighthearted!!!! its a really lovely thing to see, especially in the dating sim genre where a lot of games are still very much stuck in cliches and the same conventions. i highly recommend it to both game grumps fans and those partial to a good dating sim."
76561198090600797,Recommended,654880,33688582,Posted: 20 July,all,KayKay,"This game is amazing! Great humor, and funny plot lines. It also ties in with family issues and makes me adore Amanda. I love the cute minigames and voice acting they thrown in. Definately a game worth buying for yourself and Daddy loving friends."
,Recommended,654880,33686067,Posted: 20 July,all,Darthsuki,"Overall, I think this game is adorable. It has a story that it set out to tell for the seven different dateable dad characters (happening in tangent to a plot with your daughter as she gets closer to the end of her High School career), and it did very well to tell that story. The art is well-done, the humor is on point without being overly stupid.As a queer trans man, I like the simple, but meaningful depth there was put into the game not only to include the ability to play as a trans dad, but also having the open (but again, simple!) option of having a past relationship with a man or a woman (who is Amanda's other father or mother). No great attention is paid to these details, and they don't add or detract anything to the game, but the fact that care was taken to include them was a nice nod to the fanbase this game seemed to appeal to.It took me about ~2 hours to do one playthrough (admittedly, I wasn't speed-running, but actively talking about my experience with others, so it was a little slow), but I imagine that most people would want to romance all of the options at some point. For the worth of the game, I think 15 is just a smidge too high, especially since I would have loved a lot more depth given to each of the dads, but it's otherwise a fair price for a simple, memorable game that is by far one of the better and more genuine dating sims I've played in years."
,Recommended,654880,33684954,Posted: 20 July,all,UshijiChan,"This game is honestly really nice and really well made?You get to create your own dadsona and meet other dads as well as their children and it's inclusive of some other things like trans dads and choosing to have a husband or wifePlus you get to have a cool daughter and your dad is totally relatable because they're so awkwardCreate your dadsona and choose which dad to dad-mance!10/10(would ""romance"" Robert again)"
,Recommended,654880,33686478,Posted: 20 July,all,potentialgirl,"Love this game. The audio sounds like it was recorded in a closet, but the characters are interesting, the dialogue is funny, and it kept me up way past my bedtime for good reason. I plan on playing it a lot to get all achievements, which I usually don't do. Hopefully some kind of DLC will come out in the future? New dads?Go Game Grumps. Ya dun gewd."
,Recommended,654880,33684950,Posted: 20 July,all,Sully,Needs more MARK ZUCKERBERG
,Recommended,654880,33691519,Posted: 21 July,all,rfw,gay
76561198096422799,Recommended,654880,33680527,Posted: 20 July,all,demonhedgehog1,"I absolutely love this game. The dads ae great, the writing is great. They put a lot of work in making the ""build a dad"" really diverse. overall 10/10 would dad again"
,Recommended,654880,33681676,Posted: 20 July,all,Hollandaise,"I love it! Definitely a break from a lot of other dating sims that are sometimes just downright creepy. The characters are great and so is the writing. The only downside I can think of is that I think it's missing more of those high-detail money shots of the bachelors when you go on dates with them. Also found a few bugs, but it's amazing for a first time game from a small dev team. <3"
76561198124946441,Recommended,654880,33713732,Posted: 21 July,all,LordCactopus,"Absolutely incredible game! Fantastic plot design, lovely art, delightfully relatable characters. Playing this is honestly and truly an experience; it has the perfect blend of quirky humor and seriousness that just rope you in. In addition to being genuinely heartwarming and touching, this game's mechanics, minigames, and overall tone are just delightfully endearing. I would wholeheartedly recommend DDADD to anybody and everybody."
76561198118381039,Recommended,654880,33780323,Posted: 24 July,all,xX PAD O RAK Xx,"I just wish there was a bit more to do with the main characters backstory. It never really explains what happened and it kinda jumps the gun with the passage of time. While I do deffinitly enjoy the writing behind all of the characters I promise you I've seen better softcore fan faction writtin by 13 year olds. Why does my character have to be a bottom? Maybe I wanted to top craig, I think everybody wants to top craig.all things considered, its a great little dating sim to have some drama or have a nice little fling. I also hear there are a lot of secrets to be found so this may expand the game a bit but it all seems to only go so far.I would deffinitly encourage purchasing not only to play the game but to support this kind of content. There aren't a lot of mild gay dating sims with a secret dark side out there."
,Recommended,654880,33774655,Posted: 24 July,all,XeonKhan,"Honestly I came into this game not entirely sure of what to expect, as I was avidly avoiding all of the hype/outrage that was all over most of the internet. In the end, after going through multiple routes and dads, I've got to say that it was a very positive experience and I totally loved the game. Anyone looking for great (terrible) dad puns will not be disappointed, and each character was interesting and fun to interact with in their own way.Now I'm not saying this game is perfect, though I'm mostly referencing the gameplay when I say this. There are definitely a few bugs still in the game even after the delayed release (bless the devs), but ultimately nothing stopping me from playing the game. The most common bugs that I experienced were that occasionally audio files would overlap and reloading a save would cause the backround music to disappear. Other than this everything seemed to be running fine, and all the effects and audio were fun to watch and listen to.Overall a very lovely game, worth buying and supporting the developers for all of their time and effort. I'm probably going to go back and finish off the other dad routes (re-playability yay)"
,Recommended,654880,33773825,Posted: 24 July,all,Evercraft,"This review will be broken into 3 sections: responses to some criticisims with which i disagree, pros, and cons.IMO invalid criticisms:1.  It's short.  I sort of agree but in a different way.  My issue isn't play time, it's that I think the stories could be longer.  It took me about 5 hours for one playthrough, and I skipped most of the dates.  If you play through the multiple endings and don't fast foward I can't see there being less than 20ish hours of play time.  I think that's alright, but the story should go on longer per dad than they do.  You just get to kissing and it ends.2.  7-8 rating = not recommended.  This isn't a criticism of the rating, I'd rate it about a 7 or 8 myself, I just think it's weird that game ratings are such that anything below a 10 is bad now.3.  Too much text.  Yes, it's a dating sim.4. (On a couple reviews outside of Steam) the game is SJW ""virtue signaling.""  This is basically code for ""it includes different kinds of people, and that oppresses me.""5.  (On one review here.)  It was advertised as a horror game.  Uhh.  What?- - - - - - -Pros:Nice artwork and a few well developed characters.  Decent music.I thought it was cool that the character creation had binder options, you don't really see that in games/movies/shows/books/etc.Good, punchy dialogue.  Also I liked that they were able to kind of hide the fact that memes and references that might become outdated are easily explained by the main character being a dad and kind of out of the loop.Some of the characters are really endearing.Cute mini games.- - - - - - -Cons:Most of the more critical reviews mention the price, and I do think it's a bit much for what the game offers.As another reviewer mentioned, it's a bit tame.  By the end of the game you achieve a kiss or two, basically.  I kind of hoped the storyline would continue into the relationship.Build That Dad really needs more options.I dunno why but Hugo's voice lines are poor quality, they sound like they were recorded in a bathroom.There aren't a multiple endings per dad as you'd expect.- - - - - - -Anyway, I'd say it was a 7/10.  I just felt like it should offer longer storylines.  I think it'd be cute if it offered stories that take place after the relationship is established.  Especially for LGBT+ people who like dating sims and text games, I think it's a good experience.  If you dislike reading a lot in a game, I wouldn't suggest it although I also don't think the genre is for you."
76561198283765184,Recommended,654880,33773962,Posted: 24 July,all,isabella.eis,"Positively entertaining, and all of the dads are incredibly interesting, with way deeper personalities and stories than I expected. There are some very cool darker tones to some routes that I would absolutely never think to look for in this game, and the single dad-daughter relationship development is to die for! I fell in love with amanda, and would have loved for her to have found love as well, especially if there was a way to match-make her with other younger characters like lucien, but it was still a blast to interact with her!Beautiful art and incredible dialogue, awesome interface, and great dads- I'll be dating all the dads in every possible way for a long time!"
,Recommended,654880,33708006,Posted: 21 July,all,inflammatori,"The art is gorgeous, the dads are all the best dads"
76561198267486852,Recommended,654880,33727579,Posted: 22 July,all,Quinn Cakes,This game is so charming! I love it! The puns are atrocious but that makes it even better somehow.
76561198331427221,Recommended,654880,33727889,Posted: 22 July,all,sirhydrangea,"At three days after release, I can say I recommend this game and personally believe it's worth the price - though for others, I think it would be wise to wait for a sale, especially if you feel that maybe 20 hours of repetitive gameplay isn't worth the price.I bought this game immediately after it came out and while there are numerous faults, ranging from the release delays and bugs, the game clearly has a lot of love poured in. The quality of the product is truly amazing; the art is beautiful and the writing is engaging and hilarious. So many dad jokes.I've had experience playing dating sims and visual novels, and they're actually my preferred genre, so that should be taken into consideration, I suppose. I'm not a fan of Game Grumps, so I don't understand any of the hype behind that.Pros:- Incredibly diverse cast. Every character feels human, and their personalities are well written and unique.- The art is incredible and the little animations for the characters are so cute. The CGS are drawn by different artists which might be a con for purists, but I thought it was a nice touch.- Very inclusive of the LGBT community. All the dads are either gay or bi, and one of them has been confirmed to be trans. You can also customise your character to be trans as well!- A character creator. (Though the eyes are a bit creepy.)- The stories are so cute and fluffy.Cons:- There are so many bugs right now. One of the bugs is rumoured to make it unable to get an ending and an achievement. (Written: 22/7/2017).- Each route is very short compared to most visual novels. They're about 2 hours if you're a fast reader, and 3 hours if you take your time.- There's only one CG per dad.- The voice acting is not bad, but there is very little of it, and sometimes the lines being said make no sense in context.- Most of the mini games are poorly designed, and it can be difficult to complete achievements because of this."
,Recommended,654880,33727902,Posted: 22 July,all,xxRenegade765xx,"Well done game with a dash of humor. Great game for someone who is casual like me. It could be a little longer, however I'm pretty good with it. My only concern is the dadsona creating page. The art work could use a little touching up as it does not entirely match the rest of the game. That opinion can be subjective. Cheers."
76561198018562137,Recommended,654880,33724345,Posted: 22 July,all,choptail,"Cute and fun!! Great writing that genuinely had me laughing until my roommate came over to ask to be in on the joke. Lovely art, fun dates, satisfying endings and smooth, quick game play. Also intrigue and plot twists I wasn't expecting, and cute mini games! Check it out <3"
,Recommended,654880,33724350,Posted: 22 July,all,CammieShao,"All in all this game is pretty cute. It has some great humor and its good getting to know each character. I loved the interaction between the main character and their daughter as it was a nice experience. However, each route seems to be fairly short while I was expecting a bit more. There are a few bugs too. For example while I was playing Mat's route I didn't make him play piano for the main character, but all the later scenes mentioned that he did play for them afterall? Just bugs like that, that mess up the dialogue and could give you a bogus ending. The minigames were a pretty fun edition even though I had an incredibly hard time doing some of them. Overall this game is totally rad. Just needs some tweaking."
,Recommended,654880,33704714,Posted: 21 July,all,HibblyJibbly,"Dream Daddy is a fun dating simulator that focuses on Dad on Dad romances.Pluses:+Player character has a personality. All to often, dating sims create a rather bland or simple player character. This one has a lot of personality - though it may not be your own.+ The daughter character is not annoying.+Fun dialogue. While the game isn't fully voice acted (there's a lot of humming and grunting, when you fast forward through dialogue, it sometimes sounds like an orgy) the dialogue with characters feels unique. The dads aren't just carbon copies of each other.+ The potential dating partners are actually varied. There are some I really liked, and some I just plain had no interest in. Just like real life.+ Intriguing plots for characters. While the endings for some of the dads come out of left field, their plots and character arcs are, for the most part, interesting.+ Fair amount of locations. Some dating sims only offer a few locations or background. This game offers more than I am used to seeing.+ The game focuses on Male/Male relationships, which is exceedingly rare in the gaming world. It also allows for the possibility of bisexuality in both the player character and some of the datable dads.  This can be appealing in and of itself given the lack of general options out there in the dating sim world.Negatives:- Low Replay value. You run into a lot of repetition in the game itself.  In fact, the developers knew this because there's literally a fast forward button you can use to skip scenes until you need to make a decision. If you're a casual player instead of a trophy hunter, just save the game after you've met each dad for the first time. That way, you can date away without worries and without taking the time to redo the intro sequences.- Overly simplistic or overly difficult mini games. There isn't much variety in the mini games, and they're unevenly spread out amongst the dads. Most mini games just allow you to spam a button and win, while there are incredibly difficult ones that give you a lot of trouble. This isn't HuniePop where the mini games actually offer increasing challenges and are fun in their own accord. They seem made for memes and not much else.- Dad endings. Not all of the dads have logical or good endings. Well, they all have a 'good' ending, technically speaking. But that 'good' ending might not be actually ""good"" catch my drift? If you really like one of the dads, their 'good' ending might leave you feeling terrible. What is worse is that sometimes these endings feel like they came out of nowhere and have no relation to the dad you've been courting. This can be frustrating to the player if they really felt invested in the person they'd actually been getting to know. The ""twist"" endings are more The Happening than The Sixth Sense.Neutrals:= There are still some bugs in the game. Sometimes when you reload a save, characters that have left will hang out next to the dad you are trying to romance. (This is creepy when it is your kid watching you make a move on another guy.) Sometimes mini games won't work properly when you reload the scene that they were in, causing frustration. Sometimes your character will refer to your daughter's other dad even if you indicated that your former spouse was her mother. These, of course, may be fixed by the time you read this review as I am doing this the day after the game was released.= Actions that don't line up. Sometimes, characters do or say things that don't like up with previous actions. Some of this is just general dating sim stuff. This isn't the Witcher III where there ar 12 different endings for every quest you go on. But sometimes this causes dialogues to seemingly come out of the blue. If you're done being with friends with somebody because they really messed you over, why are you going out for ice cream with them the next day?= Lack of a neutral paths. Sometimes, you just really want an option between being a jerk or being somebody's one true love. In this game, you get ""scores"" on your dates. Which help lead to the ending you can get with each dad. But if you want to, say encourage the ambitions of one dad without becoming his lover, you can't do that.Overall, I recommend this game. You'll get $14.99 worth of gameplay out of it. It isn't the best dating sim ever. But it isn't tragically bad either. And it's one of the few dating sims that focuses on Male/Male dating."
,Recommended,654880,33705236,Posted: 21 July,all,Scary Meadow,"Honestly? I only have threevery minor issues.1) The Build-a-Dad has a poor selection (there isn't a single eye type that looks normal) and the character you end up with has a very different art style from the other characters in the game. It clashes a little, I feel. And the clothing selection is poor.2) I wish you could choose which save slot you were saving over, making it much easier to hunt for achievements and get all the endings.3) The voice clips are kinda grainy and blown in some places, making it sound like the files were badly compressed or recoded with a bad mic or in a poorly isolated room. (Like Damien's gasps and cries.)Other than that, however, this game is fantastic in every respect. It's polished, it looks great, it sounds great, it plays great, the stories are so cute and you can really tell everyone's heart and soul went into this. I enjoyed it a lot and it was totally worth the wait."
,Not Recommended,654880,33712118,Posted: 21 July,all,Antymoni,"The dailogue is cute, but the characters are bland. I appreciate the attempt, the minigames are at time refreshing, and the astethic is nice. The game overall is one dimensional."
,Recommended,654880,33683648,Posted: 20 July,all,Classy-Ass,"Hilarious, handsome, and heart-felt.If you're looking for a serious romantic dating sim, this is not that game. Dream Daddy offers a diverse array of characters, dank memes, and daring stunts but it's not going to be remembered for a deep, developed plot-line.The strengths of this game lie in the humor and ""relatable"" aspects of the player-insert (you) and your daughter Amanda. The personalities of the dads are very distinct, each of them having their own collection of interactions with each other.Lots of laughs in every route, around every corner. If you don't take the game too seriously story-wise it's excellent. Polished to the tips. Definitely recommend for players looking to experiment!"
76561198041331911,Recommended,654880,33689510,Posted: 20 July,all,Jaydeesha,My life is complete (Craig best dad <3)
76561198093521558,Recommended,654880,33728174,Posted: 22 July,all,nemmyborn,"This game means a lot to me. Thank you Vernon, Leighton, and all others. I'd reccomend to anyone who enjoys wholesome dad moments, long walks on the beach, and gay, trans, vampire dads."
,Recommended,654880,33734093,Posted: 22 July,all,nerdcredred,"I love Game Grumps and absolutely ADORE this game. So much love and effort went into it, it has hilarious and heartwarming writing, subtle and powerful emotion, a great soundtrack, amazing backgrounds, extremely well done LGBTQA+ representation, and it fully exceeded my expectations. Plus the Dad/Daughter interactions are perfectly executed and they get the feel just right. 10/10."
,Recommended,654880,33707358,Posted: 21 July,all,hazardousdaniel,I like it it good
,Recommended,654880,33689283,Posted: 20 July,all,peetzer,"i'm not even into dating simulators normally, but i got an s rank on one of robert's dates and my heart did something medically dangerous10/10"
,Recommended,654880,33765263,Posted: 24 July,all,Tits Palmer,"i LOVE this so much, dad/10 would recommend"
76561198331887566,Recommended,654880,33765605,Posted: 24 July,all,sumin6587,"I love my lovely daughter Amanda, and I REALLY NEED RATED R DLCAnd definitely need more event Images."
76561198248823672,Recommended,654880,33764911,Posted: 24 July,all,questforbakerstreet,"This game is simply amazing! Very different from any other Dating Sim I've ever played, I could almost compare its romance system to Dragon Age's or Mass Effect's. Every character is more nuanced that he lets on. I felt a special connection to them, especially because every facet of their personal stories related in some kind of way to my experience (the social anxiety, the fear of being rejected because of what I like, the feeling of never being enough, etc.). I especially enjoyed Damien, Robert and Craig, while Joseph was an unexpected surprise, one that gave me cause to reflect upon a LOT of things.I really hope we will see more from you, and maybe more of our Daddies! They absolutely enchanted me!PS: POTENTIAL SPOILER: The Renegade Option almost killed me."
,Recommended,654880,33688536,Posted: 20 July,all,Dadpool,Dad tip #18: Always carry a pocket knife
76561198109592985,Recommended,654880,33762573,Posted: 24 July,all,LittlePumpkin,"It's realy cool visual novel! And it's so much more than I expected. I thought this will be just silly game full odf bad jokes, but turns out so cute and funny. And I mean REALLY CUTE! Plus realy great artwork and music. But I have to agree with others, it's a little too expensive."
,Recommended,654880,33739533,Posted: 23 July,all,thisisausername,SPOILERSit's a good game
,Recommended,654880,33740511,Posted: 23 July,all,Dynamite,best 7 hours of my life
,Recommended,654880,33688374,Posted: 20 July,all,wallflowerkrisis,This game is beautiful. Tbh I only joined Steam for this game specifically and I was NOT disapointed.
76561198405766943,Recommended,654880,33735963,Posted: 22 July,all,cherriibunnie,The game is amazing and I love it very much plot wise and art wise but I do want to report that I got a migraine from the fast forward graphics. I don't think it seems to be happening to other people (I tend to get migraines from any fast moving light sequences) but I just wanted to report it in case it's something the creators weren't aware of.
,Recommended,654880,33730982,Posted: 22 July,all,kagechikara,"I love all dating simulators, but its rare that one comes along that is this well-writen and has this many amazing puns. So much more than just a dating sim. Full of really interesting choices, great characters, funny (dad) jokes and a realistic father/daughter relationship. Seriously. It's actually a really good game."
76561198178951571,Recommended,654880,33753085,Posted: 23 July,all,CrypticAnimentor,"ProsCharacter Design: Each dad feels like a new person, they’re all fleshed out and feel real. They have distinct personalities and although they all fall into a stereotype, they do break out of those boxes and gain more character depth. Each character is likable and I honestly can’t think of a single character I hate. Yes, that includes Mary.Sprite Design: The anatomy on the sprites is great and the physical designs of the characters are aesthetically pleasing. The designers really know how to use color well. That might sound like a small thing to praise but really it adds to experience and the bright aesthetics.Voice Acting: The voice actors did an excellent job on delivering their lines (or lack thereof but I’ll get to that) and all voices really fit the character.Music: I personally believe the music is fantastic especially whatever the track is that plays in the bar and concert venue.Representation: This game has amazing LGBT+ representation. There are gay, bi, and even trans dads which is great! You’re even given the option to wear a binder at the start and you can choose if Amanda had a mom or another dad.Writing: It’s clever, witty, and sometimes just nonsensical in all the right ways. This game has given me a few good laughs which is something I expected since Game Grumps is tied so closely to it.ConsGlitches: If you haven’t heard already, the way the game is makes it impossible to acquire certain achievementsI’m looking at you cult Joseph endingand also random character sound effects will play when you change scenesPrice: As much as I enjoy this game it is not worth $15, maybe more like $10Protagonist: Sometimes I feel like he acts more like a teenager than an adult. I suppose that’s to keep it accurate to the demographic but still. We understand that he’s supposed to be a fish out of water and nervous about meeting dads but sometimes I think the game takes it too far.Also, not too thrilled about how much of a jerk you are in the Brian route.It would be nice if you could choose how you react more. I know lots of people hate the illusion of choice, and don’t get me wrong, so do I, but I would rather do that than be frustrated with my characters actions because he can’t send a text.Voice Acting: Okay so I know I praised the voice acting before but there’s some downsides. It’s not fully voiced which wouldn’t be an issue if there was so little audio clips for them to use. Because there’s only a few snippets, there’s plenty of times where clips are played at inappropriate times with dialogue that doesn’t fit. Also a few characters have not so great audio quality due to their mics.Minigames: Most minigames aren’t explained and so you’re left to fumble around with the controls until you figure it out.Romance Aspect: It doesn’t feel like the dates are dates. There’s not a lot of romance for a dating sim and most of the time it doesn’t feel like you’re flirting at all. Well that’s not entirely true, it’s just that the romance hits HARD on the third dates usually. There’s not a smooth transition and it doesn’t make the attachment feel genuine.Routes and Endings: The routes are all more or less the same. Sure, the dates are different, but nothing in between changes. Also, there’s not a lot of variation in the endings either and there’s quite a few dads who you can’t even get good endings with, only bittersweet or horrible ones.If you’ve read any other reviews or have any knowledge of the fandom, you’ll know exactly which dads I’m talking about.Even though there’s a lot of cons I’m still going to recommend this game. Overall it’s a good game that has good characters and funny interactions. However, don’t expect to play it more than once or twice unless if you like to collect achievements (but even that might not be satisfying considering that a few are unavailable to collect). My advice is to wait for it to go on sale or play it with a group of friends. It’s a fun game that’s full of laughs and it’s more fun to share the experience."
,Recommended,654880,33740138,Posted: 23 July,all,saekato,"Surprisingly, this game is really sweet and funny. Its a little pricy and short, but I enjoyed every second so far. Its mostly about the relationship with new people/your daughter and really heartwarming and silly. :)"
76561198198858485,Recommended,654880,33708165,Posted: 21 July,all,obitobitosies,"i sold my soul for this game and it was totally worth it. my skin is clear, my crops are flourishing and i have never been more pleased with a game"
,Recommended,654880,33687373,Posted: 20 July,all,Sunkra,"Haven't played through all the available daddy options yet, but so far I'm having a blast.The dialog your character has is sometimes awkward and corny, kind of pushes you into a personality corner that some people will like more than others. I have encountered a few bugs like characters from previous scenes persisting on screen after loading a save, but I'm sure these will get ironed out.Also, I'm a little disappointed with the crude art style and the lack of 'serious' aesthetic options when creating your 'dadsona'. For example; most eye options are extremely over the top and there is only one that comes close to having a neutral expression. On top of that the art style quality for your 'dadsona' is way below that of the npcs, making yours feel more like a cartoon rather than a nicely cell shaded realistic character. I hope they'll give your 'dadsona' graphics to match the otherwise great art style of the rest of the game.I definitely don't regret supporting this project and hope there'll be more content to enjoy in the future!EDIT: Played through most of the story lines. I enjoyed my time playing this game but feel that content-wise the game could have given much more in terms of each dad's background and interactions with the player. More dates than just three total per dad, more interaction with their children/extended family and homes, etc. The player character is very passive and should have more options to organize things himself like parties/barbeques/get-togethers, etc. with one or more of the other dads.On the note of the €15 price of the game; it feels more like a €5-€10 game at the moment. I don't feel bad for paying €15, though, because I want to fully support this project. I feel it has a lot of potential.Suggestions for the sequel/DLC/patch:- make the made choices in the base game have influence in the sequel/DLC/patch- much more interaction with the children and extended family of the dads- more dates before any romantic commitments- add more dad options- have the sequel/DLC/patch setting be where Amanda visits home from college during a vacation and have your 'dadsona' living together with the dad of their choice, both families having merged- give the player options to organize their own events and invite the dad(s) of their choice- add an 'open relationship' option so players can continue to explore other dads whilst being committed?"
76561198312287218,Recommended,654880,33750432,Posted: 23 July,all,srualarsen14,"The Pro's:- Each dad has a different and distinct personality that doesn't totally give into stereotypes.- The artwork is amazing and very well done.- The dad creator adds a cool feature that a lot of dating sims don't have as well as the option to make your dad transgender.- The background music was fitting and added a nice touch to the dates- The main storyline of the game focusing around Amanda was very cute and heartwarming.-The eggplant emojji's- The minigames involved on some of the dates are very cute and make the game uniqueThe con's- The game feels very short it takes about 45 minutes to complete 3 dates with a dad and the main storyline and it took me about 5 hours to get the ""good endings"" with all of the dads. I feel like there should be a main storyline about something happening in Maplebay because the Amanda main storyline is short.- Joseph's ""good ending"" doesn't really feel like a good ending-There aren't really ""multiple endings"" for each dad there is the ""good ending"" where you get their picture added to the gallery and the ""bad ending"" where they dump you. To me for a dad to have multiple endings it suggests more than 2, the possibility of more endings could be added in the future but I am unsure if that will happen.- I don't really consider the game to be fully voice acted, one of my biggest pet peeves is when dating sims or any game with voice acting just has the character grunt or say a short word or phrase at the beginning of each sentence rather than the voice actor actually saying what is in the text box.- The minigames aren't fully explained and can leave the player confused.Things I would like to see added:- More dates with the dads or longer dates, the good endings are very cute but I would like to see something more long term as an ending like the dads moving in together or getting married the endings left me wanting more instead of feeling satisfied. Maybe adding a ""Super ending"" in which those things happen.- The game fully voice acted.- Overall lengthening of the game.I really enjoyed playing the game and fell in love with all the dads and their quirks however I'm not really sure I would say this game is worth 15 bucks if it's a total of about 5 hours of gameplay. I think this is a really great addition to the existing LGBTQ+ dating simulators out there and has the most diverse representation I've ever seen in an LGBTQ+ dating simulator. I really love the concept of this game and I hope that it inspires more games like it."
,Recommended,654880,33686297,Posted: 20 July,all,Defective Pineapple,"It's not my type of game for starters, but it is a very cute game. The music is good, the art is great, and the dialog is decent, but its not something i would go ""yeah lets replay this to do the other dads"". I understand that many people love and adore the game, its just not something that i would spend more than an hour or so playing. I wouldn't really consider revisiting it in the future, and its not a game that i would remember a few years down the road."
76561198385684726,Recommended,654880,33769266,Posted: 24 July,all,Newtsoda,"9/10; best fun I ever dadThis game is hilarious, fun and full of heart. I laughed the laughs, felt the feels, and swooned over hot dads. The game's portrayal of healthy relationships between men (and their children) is excellent. The witty writing and dad puns had me laughing out loud several times. I even shed a couple tears.There are just two things that bring it down to a 9 instead of a 10 for me, though this is more friendly feedback for the devs than real criticism.1) Too many linguistic bugs in the game. There are /a lot/. However, I appreciate that a small indie studio doesn't have a big budget to blow on localisation testing. I also realise that not everybody is bothered by this kind of thing.2) There's a bug where sometimes the player character's picture overlaps the Dadbook messenger window. In most instances you can kind of read around it, but there were a couple cases where the text was completely blocked from sight and impossible to read.Overall though, brilliant game! I can't wait to see more games like this from the same studio. Great job, devs!"
,Recommended,654880,33701979,Posted: 21 July,all,Tiny Goose Teeth,"first of all craig5ever best 7 hour binge of my entire lifesecond of all, I NEED A N S W E R S"
,Recommended,654880,33683010,Posted: 20 July,all,ingthing1,"Just spent five hours playing this game. Everything comes together so nicely, and I love the inclusive choices and the well written jokes!"
,Recommended,654880,33898497,Posted: 29 July,all,CriticalThis,"First, I will concede that this game is not without its faults. There are negative reviews here that present valid points: the game is rife with spelling and grammar errors, the ""Build That Dad!"" feature is quite limited in its customization options, and there are a few bugs here and there that are kind of annoying at times. But ultimately there is NOTHING that couldn't be fixed in an update/patch. This is an important factor to consider when reading the negative reviews.Essentially, I am more than happy to support this game and still recommend it highly. The characters and dialogue are extremely well-written, hilarious, and even a bit sad at times. So many different types of people are represented in this game in such a refreshing manner, and while it isn't perfect, this is definitely a work which, at its heart, is pushing to take video games in a positive direction. I even appreciate how the game challenges typical dating simulator experiences, as well.Again, we could all critique this game to oblivion, but I think it is more important to acknowledge and celebrate the time and love that was obviously poured into this game by its creators. It is a wonderful game and--after my initial playthrough--was already worth the $15."
76561198008715128,Recommended,654880,33897857,Posted: 29 July,all,xxharumi,"So to start I'd like to say that I enjoyed this game immensley.  The jokes are beyond hilarious while the writing remains quite clever.  True, some of the dads in question received a great deal more attention than others, but overall what is here is good.  Unfortunately, there isn't all that much.  To play through one single storyline with one dad takes little to no time at all, with only three short dates before the game ends.  These dates are usually hilarious, sweet, endearing, and surprising, but the game could have definitely benefitted from having perhaps two or three more dates for each dad.Customisation of your own character is incredibly lacking here, especially if one wants to create a reasonably life-like charater, but there is ample scope to create the most hilarious dad you can think which I believe was the main goal for the creators.  It is a bit jarring though for the dads to be so well-drawn and your own character to be a bit of a cartoon.On to bugs, and I can't say I've noticed quite as many as other reviewers have, but if you decide that your dad was once married to a woman well... the game won't recognise that, instead defaulting to your former spouse being a man.  Also, there is no ""good"" ending for the Joseph storyline which may be a bug, but could perhaps be a design choice.In all, I'd say this is a very good game, if perhaps an unfinished one.  If you're looking some laughs, however, this is the game for you."
76561198055456900,Recommended,654880,33898005,Posted: 29 July,all,Shane Train,"I actually really loved this game. All the dads' routes are funny and cute. Art and music are amazing. It gives you some chuckles, some tears, some fast heartbeats ;) But overall amazing game. It's inclusivity is something you don't find anywhere else"
,Recommended,654880,33749770,Posted: 23 July,all,Arayna,"To keep it real, I laughed like the hyenas in Lion King when the teaser came out. Yet, I am weeping with joy because the writing is so fulfilling and sweet. I did not buy this game because of Game Grumps (never watched their videos), so the lack of full voice acting does not bother me as much. Also, since this is a dating sim, playtime is expected to be short.Pros:- Dad jokes + puns- Cute daughter and other dads' children- Puppies- Damien- Hugo (srsly this guy is underrated)- Sweet artCons:- There is one CTD while loading screen was on. Dunno why it did that.- Some typos- Dadsona's art style is so different from the rest of game. The contrast is quite jarring to me. The cartoonish art style is great but I wish there is more artistic consistency.-  To further expand the previous point, the character customization can use more than just the cartoony variants (I admit they are pretty hilarious). However, it breaks the immersion.-Pineapple pizza is probably the only reason Robert is not listed in the pros section-Joseph's route makes me feel uneasy even w/o the internet discourseProps to the devs for creating an inclusive and funny game. I hope there are updates/DLCs, or possibly new games from them, in the future."
,Recommended,654880,33739422,Posted: 23 July,all,Rocket Weeb,"This game is good, but isn't long enough to justify $15. Wait for a sale. I reckon its worth $10.Pros- Good collection of dads to date.- Extremely funny writing. I never get bored of reading in this sim.Cons- Like I said, isn't big enough for the price. Wait until it's on sale for $10 or less.- To say this game is ""voiced"" by the Game Grumps is a huge exaggeration. It's grunted. I have no issue with that, but I do have issue with them advertising it is voiced.- For some reason Hugo's grunts seem to have really poor sound quality compared to everyone else who grunts in the gameOverall, I very much like this game and highly recommend, but not at the price it is currently at."
76561198347606998,Recommended,654880,33749311,Posted: 23 July,all,PurpleFizz,"I've gotta say, I wasn't expecting this sim to be so... deep. It's very heavy on story (in a positive way) and focuses less on straight up romance and more on getting to know each character. I ended up being more attached to the characters for their quarks and flaws rather than their hot dad-ness. The dialogue and puns surpassed all of my expectations. I'm amazed that the writers managed to make such cheesy jokes without them being unbearably cringey. This game is such a balanced mix of halarious and emotional. And the character art is so nice!That being said, this game does have some flaws:-The character creation is... meh.-The mini games weren't anything special. I actually found them to be more of an annoyance than anything. It's pretty jarring to be thrown into them when you're so focused on reading.-The voice acting is... okay. Some characters definitely have better voice acting than others.Overall I'd say it's definitely worth a try. However I don't think it's worth the $15 just because there's zero replayablity once you've gotten to every dad's ending. Unless you're really after the novelty of having this game while it's still new, I'd wait until it's on sell to buy it. Not really a positive or a negative, but this is much more of a ""choose your own adventure"" story than a dating sim."
,Recommended,654880,33839662,Posted: 27 July,all,Mr GalaxyHead,"I enjoyed this game. It has awesome characters (not just the dads), the artwork is nice, and it has a whole lots of awful dad puns. I know there's alot of people who don't ike this game for different reasons, but to I say, if you think you'll like this game, you probably will. If you think you won't like this game, then it's probably not your cup of tea. I went in knowing I'd like it and that was the very result. I will say this though, the game isn't that long and fleshed out as I'd like it to be, espically cosidering the price and the game can be glitchy at times. Maybe there will be sale later om for a more reasonable price. But in conclusion. it's a fun little game that'll keep you entertained for a couple of hours and it's kinda impressive coming from a small indie team."
,Recommended,654880,33755065,Posted: 23 July,all,thorny,"Writing this after finishing one romance path. I really loved the writing. The art style is amazing, a few inconsistencies here and there especially in the backgrounds, but the character artwork all look polished and lovely. The dialogue swings among utterly sweet and ridiculously pun-ny, but the vulnerable moments really stand out for me. Loved the experience, can't wait to get to know the other dads better."
,Recommended,654880,33783254,Posted: 25 July,all,Nugget Fucker,"My daughter is cooler than I can ever hope to be. Godspeed.Anyway picked up the game for the memes, stayed for the writing. Pretty entertaining to say the least, however I don't know if it was worth the full $15. If you want to go through and get all the endings/achievements it's a bit of a chore, and there isn't much variation in the events as far as I've seen. Even when you choose different options you end up with roughly the same ending. I don't even think it's possible to bad daughter ending unless it's only possible in a certain run. Also, some of the voice acting is really bad and out of place; makes me not want to touch their route. Overall a pretty decent VN though. Would recommend, if it's on sale."
,Recommended,654880,33756357,Posted: 23 July,all,Malin,"There are good things and there are bad things, and great things, about DD. The best is, in my opinion, the humor. I rarely laugh aloud when I'm alone, but I cracked up plenty of times while I was playing this game.The good:- The art in DD is really likeable. The backgrounds are less detailed and smooth than the character art, which makes for a nice contrast I really like. The pictures you get at the end of a playthrough also just give me this nice, warm feeling.- Tropes are of course present, but they're not grating. There's a nice balance between the use of tropes and making the characters individuals.- Despite a short time frame, I did find myself emotionally invested in the characters. [Spoilers: At the end of Joseph's storyline, for example, I felt my heart sink at the thought of him just going back to his wife after everything, despite understanding his reasoning.]- Cute, fun mini games! Skeeball especially.- Amanda! A well-written father/daughter story, for sure. I got invested, I cared, and I really appreciate being shown a healthy, happy relationship between a dad and his daughter.- Bisexuals! Oh, god, how I appreciate bisexuals being treated with respect in media. A+- I liked that the voice acting was limited to grunts and exclamations, and very occasional lines. A fully voiced dating sim could easily be very, very cringey. I think it was a wise choice.- You get to know side characters better by playing through the different routes, by bumping into them on various dates. I just liked feeling like more was being added to the over-arching world by playing more, as opposed to just getting with more Daddies and having it be all about them.The bad:- The game is a little too short. Money aside, I do feel like perhaps it would've been nice to have twice as many dates, and to get more involved with the characters before the end. Yes, I did connect with them, but a lot of the time spent together is told through plain text, when the Dad thinks about it. I'd rather be able to experience that time myself.- It'd be nice to have more variation in poses and expressions for the characters. At times I felt the characters were just a little too stiff, and it takes me out of the experience a little bit. Seeing the characters sit down or to be shown them ""glaring"" or ""staring lovingly"" would be nice, rather than being told this is what's happening.All in all, it's an entertaining, fun game that doesn't take itself too seriously, yet doesn't parody itself either. Worth playing through, and worth the money if you like dating sims."
,Recommended,654880,33845159,Posted: 27 July,all,twopiningidiots,"I was intrigued by this game early on, back when they announced it would be happening and was relatively eager to try it out once the release date came around.Anyway, I checked out the reviews first just to reassure myself before dropping $15 on it, and was taken aback by some of the negative reviews. It made me rethink the idea of buying it, but in the end my curiosity and growing love for the dads (via people on twitter sharing cute anecdotes) won out.I absolutely 100% am in love with this game. It was DARLING. I fell in love with every single dad, even the ones I wasn't sure about (like Joseph, Brian, Robert, etc.) The humor was cute, and my daughter, Amanda? The absolute light of my life. Some of the mini-games were a bit difficult, but for the most part a fun way to keep things varied--and to make sure a good ending with the dad of your choice wasn't TOO easy lol.I noticed some people had issue with how short the game was, but I didn't feel the way at all! True, three dates isn't exactly a whole relationship but I thought the development of each of the dads was so sweet. I loved helping all of them so much. And having a side story with Amanda was great too--after all, it's not just you dating dads, it's you as a DAD, dating dads.Some people were irritated that the ""voice acting"" was just the grunting, but I'm not sure. what people expected? I figured there wasn't going to be explicit talking in the game when the Dream Daddy twitter account posted a video of the game grumps recording their grunts. But I loved it! Especially Craig.Anyway, I only had a few, very small issues. First, the mini-games. There was almost no direction on (most of) them on what you were supposed to be doing so I just had to wing it--but I supposed that's what my dadsona was doing too so? Also, a few of the mini-games were surprisingly difficult. I almost couldn't get past the one in Mat's first date--it took me SEVERAL tries.Overall, the game was great. I loved the art, the music (the theme? MY JAM), the characters' individuality, the inclusion/representation of LGBT folks and specifically mlm, the humor, the DAD JOKES. It was so much fun getting to date all the dads. I've recently fallen into the pit of dating sims, and this is easily my absolute favorite.(even if Joseph's end deserved more happiness)"
76561198084294524,Recommended,654880,33844022,Posted: 27 July,all,AppDude27,"Visual Novels don't seem to be too popular when it comes to video games. Sadly, people just don't like to read, and it's unfortunate considering how talented the people at Game Grump's are for putting together this little gem. I know that this game won't tailor to everyone, but for those willing to give Dream Daddy a try, it will warm your heart in so many more ways than one.When it comes to customization in Dream Daddy, you pretty much have free regin over how you want your Daddy to look. From facial features and body type to a small selection of clothing, and even personality traits, there's plenty to mix and match. You can even customize the circumstances of how you had your daughter Amanda (adoption vs biological birth).The dialogue and characters in Dream Daddy are where the game shines the best. I just love the conversations between Amanda and the MC, especially the good conversations where you can be your Amanda's friend and father and balance out the relationship. The game definitely gives me a lot of insight on how I can aspire to be a good father one day.As for the Daddies, they are all great characters as well! I'm still working through all the endings but my favorite so far is Robert's ending. Prepared to have tissues ready because it's going to get emotional! There's a trick to unlocking his good ending and I'm very happy that you can save scumb your way through choices if you make bad ones. SAVE OFTEN!I found the mini-games to not be necessary but fun and polished nontheless. The soundtrack in this game was also memorable and relaxing to listen to.For those of you on the fence with this game for whatever reason, just keep an open mind. The dialogue Is light, kind hearted, and oftentimes very humorous in a lot of ways. I also really like that the game deconstructs the stereotype that all gay men are feminine or not ""regular guys"", when it couldn't be more false.Overall, I'm really happy to have given Dream Daddy a try. The story is short, but playing through all the romances and getting perfect endings for each one well definitely take you some time. So short, but good replay value. I'm really happy to see and financially support games that support the LGBT... movement."
76561198275210264,Recommended,654880,33844199,Posted: 27 July,all,rmeenanx0,"I am absolutely in love with this game.What I love about it is that it's not just a ""let's see how we can get to a sex scene with each character"" kind of game. Each dad has their own quirks and even their own problems and issues that they're dealing with. You help them through those issues as much as you ""date"" them (dating, btw, is more about hanging out and being a friend and less about smooching, which feels more organic when it's a bunch of guys you don't know.)I also love that it's as much about dads dating dads as it is about just BEING A DAD. You're helping your daughter through problems. Other dads are helping their kids through problems. Everyone grows and changes.I haven't dated all the dads yet, but so far I'm in love with every one of them. None of them are pigeonholed into some kind of stereotype. They're just PEOPLE.Examples. No one brings up sexuality in conversation. Being gay (or in a lot of guys cases, bi) isn't something to just DISCUSS. Being bay or bi isn't better or worse than being straight. It's just. . .  a THING. Just like being straight is. No one questions it. No one's worried about it. It's just THERE. It feels like a future we can hope for, where people are just accepted for who they are without question.As a Christian, I also like the way they handled Joseph. He's a Christian, but he's not a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ And he's not a perfect person either. He's just. . . a GUY. He makes mistakes, he recognizes that he makes mistakes, and he moves on from them. He forgives others while struggling to forgive himself. He makes choices and that affects a lot of things. He's got personal problems and he works through them.For that matter too, the whole idea of church was well handled too. Joseph invited people and they came or didn't. It wasn't a big freakin' thing depending on their answers. Joseph invited people to church activities, but he didn't PUSH anyone. Being Christian was important in his life, but he could take a joke about it. He let it guide his actions, but he still messed up, as we all do. He never acted holier-than-thou.Honestly I could write similar analysis on pretty much every character. All of them were so well developed.Robert was a fun character to play around with, despite having some serious issues. The game didn't stray from that, and while we hope Robert was aiming for a better life for himself in the end, it wasn't a magic fix.Damien was trying to prove he was something he wasn't, and your whole story is about him discovering who he really is and how to cope with that. He grew as a person.Mat had a tragic thing happen in his past, like your avatar, and together you guys worked through things and brought him to a better place in his life.All the dads are like this. It's a fun, calming, smile-inducing game, and I promise you will not stop grinning as you play through it. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,654880,33705168,Posted: 21 July,all,reaprat,"A funny but sincere dating sim that hits every mark. I laughed, I cried, I farted because I laughed too hard. As a trans gay man who's always felt left out of the dating sim genre, this definitely filled that hole in the market."
76561198174157783,Recommended,654880,33704816,Posted: 21 July,all,mobu,10/10 WOULD DAD AGAIN
,Recommended,654880,33841355,Posted: 27 July,all,Ryck Rainthrottle,Love this game.  Great variety of Daddies.
76561198254768754,Recommended,654880,33846125,Posted: 27 July,all,Orange Soda,"Okay, so on the surface this game looks silly and shallow.The game has it's fair share of goofy mistakes and translation / structural issues. For what it is though, it's quite worth it.One thing I will say is that I don't exactly know if it's possible to fail a date, but i'd assume it can happen. Regardless, the date scenarios are enjoyable and provide interlinking stories.Every ""dad"" in the game has a unique personality and attractiveness in their own respect, as far as animated dads go. Aside from all of the wonderful dad-puns and dad-bods, there is an enjoyable side-stroy dealing with your own kid.Super fun, and I completely recommend!"
76561198281055673,Recommended,654880,33915941,Posted: 30 July,all,W I L L L,I find the game very enjoyable if they add updates ecspecially to the character customizer that will be great i recommend this game also yes i am not gay
,Recommended,654880,33921385,Posted: 30 July,all,StarLatias,"Personally, I recommend this game to literally anyone. It's such an amazing game with such a silly objective of ""Dating Hot Dads"", but the game has such a great story and amazing character development.---I'm also very happy that the game is so open about certain types of people and it's just beautiful. It may have been a little pricey, but if you want to experience it for yourself. Go ahead. I promise, you'll enjoy it."
76561198092648856,Recommended,654880,33779009,Posted: 24 July,all,grimmskragga,"I've played all of an hour of this game, downloaded it the very second I heard it was a thing.For $15 these are the things I got:1. A super awesome intro soundtrack that is both cheesy and romantic, like a fondue dinner2. A surprisingly good cast of characters3. Straight men writing gay relationships (and not completely f*king it up)4. Fan-freakin-tastic artwork, seriously, for a cheap dating sim I love it5. A gimmick that just won't quitI love the goofey idea, I love Amanda, I love Mat and Craig, wanted to love Brian but he seems like kind of a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Damien and his son are both so visually aesthetic, (*minor spoilers*) the early sex scene with Robert pretty much hits the nail on the head about why one night stands with people you hang out with is so crushingly awkward, it's a cute game and I feel like I've already gotten my money's worth and I've only been on three dates.But the mini games are hard so f*ck this game, 1/10. /s"
,Recommended,654880,33689095,Posted: 20 July,all,Boota,"I honestly don't know how to feel about this game. I was very hyped for it from the beginning, disappointed by the delays but not mad. I expected it to be worth the wait, which in a way it was.I love the characters and love the conversations you have with them. The puns, references, it's all nice. A bit hard to answer things correctly so they're pleased. But I can just save before answering a question.First off, the dates.The dates don't really feel like a date, you're just hanging out with them with your children. Which is no problem but it's a little weird? Not like a real ""date""? More of alone time, I suppose. The ideas for the dates are very interesting though, I'm excited to see what will happen next in our date.Although, what was considered a ""date"" with Robert was him not responding to my messages. It still counted as a date though? Grade and everything? Upsetting.The voice acting.I was very excited for the voice acting, eager to hear each voice for every dad. Very very disappointed. I'm a big fan of Huniepop and really enjoyed the voice acting. It added a lot to it. But this game just has grunting, I was so disappointed! We get a general feel of their voices but it's just ""Hmm."" ""Oh!"" ""Dude."" Truly sad, especially since Game Grumps voiced (some? all?) of the characters. I expected more of it?Also! I made a new save and skipped through all of the dialogue to get to the juicy parts, every grunt played while fast forwarding. It hurt! Didn't expect any grunts, I honestly don't think there should be when fast forwarding.No Nudity.Not to sound like a pervert but I wanted to see some dads naked. I was hoping for some Daddy♥♥♥♥♥♥but was disappointed. Heck.There are still some bugs with dialogue, images of characters seeming to just randomly pop up and then disappear?Aside from all of this, I love and dislike this game. I want to love it so much and play it for a long time, say it's the best dating sim I've ever played. But I can't. The mistakes aren't game ruining but they are a disappointment."
,Not Recommended,654880,33729604,Posted: 22 July,all,CaptainTango,"It's not bad, but I wouldn't say it's worth the current price. It's cringey and full of terrible jokes, which you probably knew if you were at all interested in it. That's where this game shines. As a joke.However, if you want real dating sim mechanics to back up the comedy, you're going to be let down. I still don;t know anything about the men I romanced, their pasts, their stories, nothing. All I know is their ""gimmick.""If you just want to laugh at goofy jokes and support the Game Grumps, I still reccommend buying it on sale. If you actually like dating sims, steer clear. You'll just be disappointed at the shallowness of writing, characterization, and mechanics."
76561198163725450,Recommended,654880,33691536,Posted: 21 July,all,camcorncube,"Dream Daddy is a cute dating sim filled with puns. The artwork is stellar and the characters have interesting backgrounds. I also love the option of customizing your character, since not many dating sims have this. While playing, I encountered many funny references to pop culture such as punk bands, anime, TV shows from the Discovery Channel, ect. It's also a very refreshing game where the player is dating and taking care of their own child. Though there are a couple of plot holes, it doesn't distract too much from the story. Overall, I love all the jokes and references in this game."
76561198213359933,Recommended,654880,34011317,Posted: 4 August,all,Anoldanimefan,"This was such a fun game! I loved the relationship between our Dream Daddy & our child :heart: The dad puns and witty dialogue this game has really made me chuckle - well, it is a Game Grumps game so I knew I'd get a good game but this is a GREAT game.I became very involved with the fishing mini-game and it was refreshing to play a an adult male who happens to be a dad.Great job, daddies!"
76561198407624504,Recommended,654880,34018936,Posted: 4 August,all,A Fresh Ass Pair of Timbs,"I overall enjoyed the game, but wish it didn't end after three dates with a dad, would much rather of had the option to have a final date with all of the dads before selecting who I want to be my dream dadddy.."
,Recommended,654880,34011153,Posted: 4 August,all,DrunkPsyduck,"I love the game with a passion, the art style is amazing and in general, the game has a charm to itI do agree that some parts feel rather ""empty"" or ""incomplete"", or should I say, too short, like how you only get 3 dates and super limited options in some of them to begin with but to me that is not that big of a problem as I didn't expect a super long story to begin withThe only big issue I have with the game are listed below:-Hugo's voice sounds really weird compared to everyone else and that's from the quality of the recording rather than the voice actor-Some mini games do feel pointless and while I do get that you don't need to have everything contribute to the game, they just feel out of place sometimes-JOSEPH and literally the whole ""Walk Mary Home"" issue, I actually just completed his chapter and read about the ""secret ending"" and here me out, I will accept the current ending with the postcard we have right now, but if there in fact WAS more to him and his story, then please find a way to fix the issue because it just feels incomplete, like how there is an achievement that you can't even get and how the game files show more of him (granted, this could be an update for a future thing but I still don't get why they'd have the achievement added now?Anyways, besides Joseph's unsolved secrets, the game is nice, do recommend maybe waiting for a little discount but if you are interested in the characters, it's charming and fun."
76561198141902340,Recommended,654880,33988437,Posted: 3 August,all,Multiduel,This was an experience. It handles the subject matter perfectly with a good amount of comedy without mocking the material. Overall it was extremely charming and I loved it.
,Recommended,654880,33758989,Posted: 23 July,all,YourFace,"Bought the game thinking it was just gonna be a silly thing for the laughs. And it was... kinda.The game was a lot more than just ""being funny"". The more you play the game, the more you really get to know each Dad. You start to connect with all main characters, despite how stupid that might sound. It's kinda heartwarming with some of the endings you can get. This game has a better story than most games I've played. It's great.Unfortunately, I get remind with the fact I will never get a BF as hot as Brian. x_xBut hey, the dad puns are nice. I like the game."
,Recommended,654880,33680269,Posted: 20 July,all,Grumpisimo,i can finally make out with the hot bear dad of my dreamsGOD i love video games
,Recommended,654880,33691406,Posted: 21 July,all,FILTHYMEMEMUM,A game finally good enough for my dad
,Recommended,654880,33986182,Posted: 2 August,all,Vampyre Prince,"I have finally played through all of the routes and got all of the endings possible, so I wanted to leave a review to give my opinion after completion.I went into this worried I wouldn't like it and I ended up LOVING it. I wanted it to be good so badly and it delivered. There are a lot of deep and insightful messages and life lessons hidden within the different routes, which I appreciated. One struck a little too true with me, but in a good way (Craig's route, man). I also enjoyed the mini games and the parts where you had to really use your brain (I won't give it away). All in all, this was a dating sim that is really unlike any other while being similar at the same time.The fact that you can make transmen/nonbinary characters is amazing and I applaud that effort, as well as the choices in the beginning (your mother; your father) (when you were born; when you were adopted). Inclusivity for the win, always! As a transman who loves dating sims, especially dating sims with other dudes, it is almost impossible to find a dating sim without the main character being a female protagonist dating men. So this game ultimately attracted me for that reason, but not that reason alone. That was a surprising bonus. Not to mention the awesome fact that all body types are treated as equally attractive and being gay is normalized and not made into a joke.***LIGHT SPOILER AFTER THIS. SKIP THIS PARAGRAPH IF YOU DO NOT WANT POSSIBLE SPOILERS***One of my main gripes was Joseph's route. He was the character I thought I would like LEAST, but he ended up being my second favorite next to Damien, who is my first. I do have to say also, though, in the same vein, that imperfect endings were also necessary in a game like this. We spend a lot of time playing these games and they all are predictable at the end: Person gets romance with other person and they ride off into the sunset. Not enough dating sims have a plot twist like that, where things DON'T turn out like you want them to. That said, I am still emotionally compromised at Joseph's ending.***END SPOILER WARNING***I really hope there will be more to this in the future. A sequel of some sort, or DLC or some sort of add ons to experience more of the story with the dads, maybe even more bits to add on like extra dates, random one-off stories with the dads, etc. I did feel like I was left wanting for more as the third date, at least for Brian alone, felt like too much was crammed into a small limit of text. Brian's definitely felt like it didn't connect, but although the others settled well with me (save for Joseph), I wanted more out of it. More story and more time. I'd say Robert's story, in my opinion, was probably the most fulfilling and in-depth out of them all.I fell in love with all of the characters and their stories, which is something I don't normally do with dating sims. So bravo for the Dream Daddy Team for making loveable and memorable characters!Summary:Pros: Awesome insightful life lessons/advice, A+ Dad jokes, Brilliant humor, beautiful art, and awesome characters.Cons: The three date limit made things feel a bit rushed and some more content/stories with the dads would be nice.My rating: Definitely an A. I love this game."
,Recommended,654880,34004202,Posted: 3 August,all,Gwynbleidd,"I've fully gone through the seven routes, so I feel confident to write a bit about this DDADDS thing.First of all: ""graphics"" and game art are so cool. And, the pin up postcards are a big PLUS. The character's aren't animated nor drawn in a lot of different expression, but they work nicely with all dialogues and situations.I'm not absolutely decieved by the great quantity of dad puns. We got what we were promised. I LOVED all the references to other games, movies, TV shows and countless other things. I'd say I kind of missed some different reactions from Dads when you have gone through a date or two with one of them, and then you encounter them when you have finished a route with another dad.I'll try to explain: If I finished the Damien route and before that, I had dated Hugo and  Craig for two full dates, the ""sum up"" for the caracters at matter that they give you at the ""ending"" of a route doesn't change except if this character had an interaction with the dad you finished the route from. It's like you've never had those dates.I think all Dads are very well constructed. I love the LGBT+, but specifically the trans-friendly, options for the Dadsona, as well as they actually featured one trans Dad to date. The game features both bisexual and homosexual dads.Minigames are ok, ones are better constructed than other, but they are fun. Music is very nice, but sometimes I felt like it was repeating over and over. It would have been nice to have diferent tunes for the diferent Dads.I'm hoping for a fix on Joseph's route soon, since it seems he has something more to say and there's one achievement that can't be obtained until this is fixed! And talking about fixes: There are still some understandable errors, which I'm particularly surprised that there are so few, but some typos or grammar mistakes really shouldn't be there by now.And to bring this to a close: Amanda is the sweetest, funniest, most talented daughter your Dadsona could ever ask for."
76561198199500755,Recommended,654880,33741029,Posted: 23 July,all,keebie-coo,"It's a good, fun game and it's easy to tell the developers were very pasionate about making it. There's a whole lotta dads & other characters two and they're all funny & memorable, there are even a couple of fun little mini games. I've never writen a review for anything before but this game deserves all the love, it's just really good, man."
,Recommended,654880,34029130,Posted: 4 August,all,Jarazz,"Loved this game, i personally picked Criag though i was hesistant because he has three kids and being realistic as i am i dont want any kids because their to much stress"
76561198066316361,Recommended,654880,33722911,Posted: 22 July,all,S K E L L Y D O O T 001,What I expected = Dad jokes galore and lots of cringeWhat I got = something wholesome and enjoyable... and also dad jokes
,Recommended,654880,34223622,Posted: 13 August,all,cheesely,One of the better dating sims I've played. Very addictive. Love the artwork and the storylines. I logged ~12hrs in 2 days.
,Recommended,654880,34389202,Posted: 20 August,all,fgh8ud,Absolutely lovely with great writing but too short. DLC please!
,Recommended,654880,34130589,Posted: 9 August,all,Zamorac_,Yes
76561198294798669,Recommended,654880,33913034,Posted: 30 July,all,Sholu69,i love it and personaly wish this had a soundtrack. the music is so nice!
76561198414288791,Recommended,654880,34518712,Posted: 26 August,all,selfmadetheo,"I absolutely loved this game!  I will admit that I didn't go in blind but decided to purchase it after watching a couple of different playthroughs of it.  I like the trans representation in the game, that it is included but attention isn't drawn to the player character or the romancable character with flashing lights or bells and whistles.  Also really enjoyed the inclusion of bisexuality and that the player character could have been married to either a man or woman based on your choices.  Really, really happy with my purchase and have been recommending it to all my gamer friends!"
,Recommended,654880,34845344,Posted: 9 September,all,timeblitz,"Alright, so I bought this game when it first came out and have had it for awhile. It's a pretty endearing game, the characters are pretty cool and the character customization is rather decent. The actual gameplay is pretty much what you'd expect a dating sim to be like, with the addition of a ton of dad jokes. The biggest disappointment to me was the voice acting. I was under the assumption that when they said it would be voiced by the Game Grumps, it would be fully voiced but all you get is a handful of grunts and a word or two (rarely). The mini games are nice, but they either feel too hard or too easy to me. The game seems to go by fast after the first two playthroughs or so, even when you're aiming for a new character since a big chunk of the game stays relatively the same. The dates however are usually pretty unique and the variety there is nice. All in all, this is an okay game. It has it's moments but it's not some big breakthrough for dating sims or anything. Nice to mess around with when you're bored."
76561198351858883,Recommended,654880,34903486,Posted: 12 September,all,Popee the Performer,i don't remember buying this but okay
,Recommended,654880,33938276,Posted: 31 July,all,nessakusterbeck,This game is so entertaining and wholesome. The selection of dads are all diverse with their own quirks so you're bound to love at least one of them. This dating sim is beautiful and the music is fantastic. So much work went into it and it really shows. One of my new favorite games!
76561198067153196,Recommended,654880,33935762,Posted: 31 July,all,Sekria -Gamergal - N7,"Well heres my review. I loved the game but im not sure about it being 15 bucks.Pros- LOVE THE ARTSTYLE Charater design backgrounds were nice too.- Every Charater had there own personality- There are moments where it was awesome and I even shed some tearsCons- They could have done more object placement design such as talk about something have a little some appear? it just seemed werid that they never really had nothing in there hand exception is robert and mary.- The game did seem a bit rushed, wish they would have had more voice acting instead of grunts and dude!- Wish they would have had a choice to be a chick.... I delt with playing a dude and made a chick looking guy. It shouldn't be a game just for guys. And yes I know there is a trans char.- Wish there was someway my charater showed frustration, disapointment, sadness.- My third date glitched out with damien while trying to find ......."
76561198052784290,Recommended,654880,33936397,Posted: 31 July,all,Belial,"I got hooked up in the game. I liked the top/binder options and the variety of dads. I'd like to know more about my character tho, for example what's his job. ;)It's kinda sad, that there's not even kiss scene/image, lest the sex scene. If you would want to date all dads, it gets sooo repetitious.In the end it's a nice game and I recommend it."
,Recommended,654880,33937823,Posted: 31 July,all,kellsbells,"I bought this game on a whim because a friend of a friend from college was involved in its creation, and because I've never heard about there being any gay dating sims. I didn't expect to enjoy it so much. It was hilariously funny and surprisingly touching. I just finished my first play-through (I picked Mat) and I will definitely play it again. I didn't really understand the mechanics of the open mic piano game and I utterly blew that one, but the poke-spoof had me laughing out loud throughout, so I definitely want to try out some of the others."
,Recommended,654880,35016334,Posted: 17 September,all,marcoroni,"This game was cute. It let me be a trans dad. It let me be a good dad, like my parents never were. And most of all, it showed me that love is real but it doesn't always work out the way you want it to. I would recommend giving it a try. The memes were pretty spicy."
76561198407582858,Recommended,654880,34983817,Posted: 15 September,all,pall,great game full of puns
76561198241063590,Recommended,654880,34987497,Posted: 15 September,all,Zorrark,"The humour, the dads, Amanda, literally everything about this game was so fun!! I totally recommend playing this game over the weekend or whenever actually!"
76561198020698036,Recommended,654880,35019191,Posted: 17 September,all,Nommity Nom Nom,"Maybe I enjoy games at a slower pace, but after only going through 1-2 dates with 4 dads, then 3 dates with a 5th dad, I completed my dream daddy sim in 7-ish hours. :P I still think I could replay it for a different dad or two to see their endings if I wished. Was fun, sweet, would recommend. Daughter parts brought tears. :P"
,Recommended,654880,33908040,Posted: 30 July,all,notnoct,"I’m writing this having not yet completed all routes. I have to say that overall, I’ve enjoyed this game for what it’s worth. I’m a sucker for dad-jokes, puns, and the like. The dialogue between characters was engaging, and I found myself playing despite my higher brain-power telling me that I was wasting my time.I admire what the devs were trying to do with this game as well as the subject matter, but I think it suffers greatly from an inconsistent tone. Heavy♥♥♥♥♥♥happens, then the next dialogue or scene change completely disregards its existence (happened more than once when talking to Amanda and in Robert’s route, I noticed it most.)Which is a glaring problem instead of a minor annoyance with just how short the game is. And for how short it is, there really isn’t a lot to be learned about the dads. Again, this is where the inconsistent tone plays a huge role. You’re supposed to be forming deep bonds with people, and there are times that the dialogue starts to tilt in that direction, but it’s immediately broken up and many of the endings (even good endings), while they made sense, didn’t fit in to the rest of the game’s light-hearted whimsical nature. Either commit to portraying an aspect realistically or go completely stylized. This game tries to do both and ends up doing neither.The character customizer is also a bit disappointing. It doesn’t fit into the overall style of the game and left me trying to make a character that would fit in while trying to ignore the ridiculous options available. Which. Again. The tonal dissonance… It’s a thing, even here. It’s hard to take the serious talks seriously while you look like Goku with a rad beard. And if I didn’t want the funny options, I was still left with a character who looked too feminine for my tastes or, worse yet, like a poorly rendered background character (This wouldn’t have even been an issue had the rest of the game had characters stylized in the same way.)Amanda is hit or miss. I liked her and thought her personality made sense in context with her dad’s. Was she often portrayed as the “cool” teen? Yes. But it was better than an extremely whiny one in my opinion. I also had no qualms with the dad’s character being unsocial and having to be forced to interact with others. I thought that this was one of the things the game did very well portraying and was able to poke fun at without going into cringe-territory (your mileage may vary.)I don’t know if they ran out of time or money making it or what happened behind the scenes. I just wish it had been better because it has the potential to actually be pretty damn good. Which is why I want to list the pros.Pros:- dad jokes. all of the dad jokes.- interesting character cliches (dad types)- pontential for growth (this doesn’t follow through, however.)- good dialogue and banter- aside from the character creator, the rest of the art is pretty damn good- the moments of serious tone ARE done well, they just aren’t integrated well- great way to turn off your brain and relax a bitCons:- inconsistant tone. already mentioned in detail above.- character creation. also mentioned in detail above.- extremely short routes that only give you glimpses into a character’s life without really delving too deep. (it seems like you end half-way through a story instead of it being a true ending.)-not great replay value. due to there really only being normal/“good” endings…-you get locked into a route early game and that will be your life for the next 30 minutes of the story. no chance for world expansion except for replaying to start another route.-lack of chemistry between the characters. seriously. half the time i thought there was no good reason for the dads to be on the verge of romance which is probably the reason for some “good” endings being less than stellar. even the writers couldn’t justify romance coming true when the characters themselves don’t seem too keen on it.Do the pros outweigh the cons? I don’t know. For me, I’d still say I recommend the game to anyone who knows what they’re getting themselves into and can appreciate the game for what it is. I’ll leisurely play the other routes I haven’t done yet to see how everything turns out. I don’t dislike the game, and I think it’s worth picking up if you like humor and don’t mind vague expositions. I think what bothers me most is that really, there could have been MORE done with this game- a few more dates added, more dialogue, more chemistry-building, more time spent fleshing things out. Even if the game had been purely comical and stylized as such, it would have been a better experience."
76561198105260873,Recommended,654880,33908819,Posted: 30 July,all,just a sexy skeleton,"I don't know if this game helped me get over my daddy issues, or just made them worse. But either way it's a good time!"
76561198058890700,Recommended,654880,33906513,Posted: 30 July,all,Lotterhippie,"I bought the game a few days back and it amazed me, I expected a regular dating sim with the classic sex-hints at all spots, but it was way less raunchy than I thought.. and featured way more story than I expected. The characters are really nice.In most other dating sims I ended up liking the ones I already liked at first sight and disliking the ones I disliked at first sight, but not in this one. In fact, my favourite character is someone I didn't care about at all the first time I saw him.I would definately recommend the game to everybody who loves games with lots of story and dialogue and love to learn more about characters. The gameplay itself is very much standard, but not once in my life I have played a game for it's gameplay, so if thats a negative point is honestly debateable. (I personally don't think it is.)"
76561198302961291,Recommended,654880,33909340,Posted: 30 July,all,Cyntheshepicone,took three times of turning my computer off and on to make the update go thriugh but thats not even my problem id love to play this game but i cant it constantly freezes and crashes or just wont work for some reason ive reinstalled it twice getting tired of doing that for like five minutes of gameplay i love the game grumps and im sure this an amazing game but i spent fifteen bucks on something i cant play so not exactly happy about that whatbi did get to play was fun so i recomend getting it just buyer beware i guess maybe i have just an abysmally crappy computer
,Recommended,654880,33908929,Posted: 30 July,all,eggcellence,I ADORED THIS GAME!! I have never been into dating sims i thought they were a joke but this was so cute and just everything about the game was amazing I was constantly amazed by the art and the genuinly good dialog in both quality and geuinly good advice aspect. the price is super resonable especially for indie game desiners who you can tell put so much work into this game and really wanted to make sure it was done well. The characters are so well rounded and all have so much depth and no matter who you go with its such an experiance. The minigames are adorable and so fun. The game is so customizable and original about the look of your dadsona and the quality of the dates you go on. I really did love this game and I dont understand many of the complaints I really hope to see a sequal or something with moms maybe but the game is fantastic as a stand alone as well.
,Recommended,654880,34005126,Posted: 3 August,all,Momo Kyubei,"CONTAINS BAD ENGLISH, SO YEAH, SORRY :DAt first, I had no intention in writing a review, but after 23 hours of playing and gaining all of the possible achivements (mini-golf killed me, well, sort of) I knew I had to write it.It's not a finished game. There are bugs, this whole ""cult ending"" crap and basically, lots of things that will make you think ""Wow, it's not worth it"". It kinda isn't (like srsly, 15€ = ~65 ZŁ, ya kno how much food it is? hella much) so if someone really wants it then they should wait for the game to be less pricey. I spend so much money for it cuz I'm a bad example of someone crazy for good jokes and romance (don't do it at home fellas).3 dates ain't that bad. I mean, the dates are quite short, but not to the point where it's too short. You get to know the dads real fast, too fast for some people, but it's okay, if they were longer the game would be too long.Great dad jokes. Really, love em all. Especially the grill ones.Warning: DON'T FALL FOR JOSEPH, REALLY. I DID AND NOW I AM SAD AND I DON'T WANT TO ESCAPR THE MARGARITA ZONA, LIKE, EVER.Jeez, I don't know what to write anymore.7/10 for a dating sim, good characters, quality art, neat soundtrack and annoying minigames."
76561198244387248,Recommended,654880,34084506,Posted: 7 August,all,Kina-chan,"Ever since I learned about this game from the Game Grumps I've been following the process step-by-step.  I was a tad skeptical about how exactly the creators of the game, Vernon Shaw and Leighton Gray, were going to pull off a dad dating game... but the team really knocked it out of the park.  I mean, I was completely blown away by this game.  From the story to the artwork to the (sometimes infuriating) mini-games... it's just all so awesome!  I LOVE all the dad puns!!!There is such an excellent cast of characters, and not just the dads.  I mean, the Dream Daddies are obviously the most important part, but the side characters provide a lot of insight into not only the dads but the story as well.  It was fascinating to see the impact the other characters had on the dads.  And I love the dads!  Each one was completely unique.  I mean, it's typical for dating simulators to have unique characters, but there usually seem to be some overlapping in character design or something of the sort in the dateable characters.  Not the case with DDADDS.  Each dad's story and character is entirely unique.  And I was surprised at just how in-depth the story went into each character.  Each dad had a powerful story, full of feels and squeals and love.  It was just all so perfect.My favorite Dream Daddies in descending order: Damien, Hugo, Craig, Robert, Brian, Joseph, and Mat~♥There's so much in this game that I don't even know how to include it all in a proper review.  All I can say is you just have to play it to truly see it.  You can read as many reviews as you like, but until you actually try it, you won't be able to get a proper understanding of just how awesome this game is.  I highly, highly recommend it!"
76561198264688104,Recommended,654880,35405944,Posted: 1 October,all,alessyang,"Believe it or not I like playing this kind of games to kill time. I would say this is a nice game - the plots, DIY characters, jokes, etc. but then again I wouldnt call it a steal since it's $15 for very limited opportunities to ""date"". First of all there're only 7 targets, and to get different achievements you have to replay multiple times to the point that you can probably recite the lines. You can go back to a documented point any time you like but the game auto-saves for you, so when you get to the first date, you can see about 20 saved files already and it's just too hard for me to guess which one I want and oops, guess again.In general I would recommend this game, but definitely when it's cheaper, or there's more things to do in the game."
76561198066248751,Recommended,654880,35360817,Posted: 30 September,all,knightofnights,"Honestly, this is an amazing game. You can get lost in it so easily. Hours can go by of just making different decisions to see the possible outcomes. 11/10 would play again!"
76561198406069092,Recommended,654880,34843814,Posted: 9 September,all,sophiaderpface77,YASSSSSS QUEEN SLAY
,Recommended,654880,34829016,Posted: 8 September,all,C9 Cheeky Nandos,SO GOOD
76561198151091535,Recommended,654880,34484805,Posted: 25 August,all,Slug Box,"Okay cool, so when does the adult version come out?I want hardcore dad dong. Because I jumped in expecting to bang some dads, that♥♥♥♥♥♥didn't happen..Left me feeling empty as ♥♥♥♥. I'm a little butthurt about this, I need to see dad nipple ok?♥♥♥♥♥♥-Over all though, the game is OKAY at best. its a time waster and all of the complaints about it are pretty much true.Needed more dates, Less time dealing with amanda, gallery art that was worth wasting the time for. I could go on I just wanted to let people know now, there are no beautiful daddy ding dongs and It saddens me."
,Recommended,654880,33696398,Posted: 21 July,all,The Dogfather,"LOVE!! THIS!! GAME!! im not usually much of a gamer since most games tend to be hypermasculine and uncomfortably heteronormative, but dream daddy was so much fun. casual gameplay AND cute, relatable, fleshed-out queer characters? only thing i can possibly think to ask for wouldve been a longer story. absolutely, 100%, soooo well worth the wait. thanks for all your hard work (and dad-tier hilarity), creative team!"
,Recommended,654880,33679730,Posted: 20 July,all,ุ,A wholesome game that I didn't know I needed until now.
,Recommended,654880,33706158,Posted: 21 July,all,Meeve,"Diverse characters, intriguing story that keeps me coming back, Mat, and hilarious moments of insanity and dialogue that I will never forget. Can't wait to keep playing, but I keep putting off visiting my actual dad to play, so I should probably go do that now."
76561198000923926,Recommended,654880,33733496,Posted: 22 July,all,Detective Detector,"We really enjoyed this game. It has a lot of funny writing, some spooky parts, and is all around an outside-of-the-box dating sim that my wife and I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,654880,33752328,Posted: 23 July,all,LIMONAIDE0220,"This game is so inclusive! From the option of being trangender to the fact that you are an openly queer character looking for love from 7 other men, this game is absolutely a dream!!"
76561198401969430,Recommended,654880,33767536,Posted: 24 July,all,Mo-di-Jo,"This is one of the most fun dating sims I've played in a while. The ability to have multiple saves and to reload before making a choice you may have screwed up on is super helpful. The fast-forward mechanic also keeps me from getting impatient with the game when I have to reload a lot. In general, the dads have interesting personalities and stories behind them which I found myself drawn to (of course I have my favorites and least favorites). I really appreciate the implementation of minigames that go along with some of the dates, which make them more fun, but the execution could use a lot of work. For example, in the penguin game, penguins were escaping just by going past the wall ABOVE the actual exit door I was defending. Also, the crowd minigame was just flat-out unfair, with all the ""enemies"" moving way too sporadically (it took me 8 tries to finally get through it and I got through mostly thanks to luck). And don't even get me started on the radio game... Had I spent any longer trying to make heads or tails of what I was given to work with, I wouldnt have been able to laugh when I found what the ""solution"" actually was.I wish there were more eye, eyebrow and mouth type options in the dad builder. Many of the eyebrows all conveyed angry expressions; there weren't many neutral eyes (they conveyed either tiredness/sadness or mischeviousness, to me); and the mouths were almost all too puckered for me. I'd like an update with more toned-down options, if that's possible.There are a few minor continuity errors in the writing, and background music and sprite errors when reloading old saves, though not enough to ruin the storytelling AT ALL. The writings' biggest flaw is that the amount of Dad/Daddy points I recieved from my favorite dads were (mostly) dependent on me understanding old music and movie references. Which I don't very well... Of course, the reload ability helped a lot with this, I just wish I hadn't had to use it so often.Finally, I really like the date ranking system at the end of each date because it adds to the replay value of this game. For example, knowing that my ending with Joseph was definitely affected by my lack of A and S-rank endings (Good game design: I was able to infer this myself based on the final thoughts of my character in the epilogue and didn't have to look it up online) I'm going to go back and perfect his story so I can get a happier ending.I know I bashed Dream Daddy a lot towards the end, but all the stuff I called the game out on (aside from the minigames) didn't affect my enjoyment of the game SIGNIFICANTLY. It's just little stuff that I would appreciate seeing fixed. Overall, I'd give this game a 7.5/10; not quite worth $14.99 to some (I'd value this game at $12.00, personally),  but it gets close and with a few updates and edits to the minigames (if that's even possible) it would be worth the near-15-dollar price."
,Recommended,654880,33698177,Posted: 21 July,all,raniwasacyborg,"Come for the dad puns, stay for the feels, ridiculously good writing and gorgeous art!"
76561198052267821,Recommended,654880,33715779,Posted: 22 July,all,xinsanedreamer,I really loved this game over all.Pros: Great artDiverse castAll the punsVisually stimulatingGood story tellingCons:Really wish it was longer for the price.Wished there were more than 3 dates as well.
,Recommended,654880,33775120,Posted: 24 July,all,allycat099,"I really only got this game because the game grumps made it and didnt really expect it to have such good grapics and be as well made as it is. I was pleasntly suprised. As i supected though it was very funny, but it also hadd quite a bit in the story aspect. I was not expecting a game with a very comical purpose ( dating dads) to actually have plot."
,Recommended,654880,33770618,Posted: 24 July,all,Corey,"A cute dating sim. Good puns, nice artwork, and some hard achievements. For people who say this game is too short--I've now put 17 hours into it trying to get all achievements.Representation is good, characters feel 3 dimensional, and it kept me laughing.I have a few minor complaints: would do better with a rewind button, option to stop the text animation, and better dadsona designs that match the game artwork.It could also have used a longer QA period as there are still some overall bugs.Overall, 8/10, a fun game to play with friends and worth the buy."
,Recommended,654880,33769141,Posted: 24 July,all,Kyoto-Moto,Drowned in a sea of dad puns 11/10(Quality LBGT+ games are always a good thing)
76561198234803800,Recommended,654880,33766359,Posted: 24 July,all,AfroBuns,"A game with real love in every level. As a whole, the art work is excellent as a standalone. The music fits perfectly, at times dating-sim synth, the next funny and catchy. The writing really brings all of the winning qualities of this game together, the characters have more then their own voice, they have their own interests and worries that speak to you as a player.When I say a lot of love has gone into this game I particularly refer to the music references. Albums and records are dropped in dialogue like the sprinkling of gold dust on a Dominique Ansel Bakery eclair. I've picked up a few tracks based on Mat's recommendation and I want to play through again and again just to find more. I would have liked to have seen something like this for the other Dads too, maybe book recommendations from Hugo, or clothing tips from Damien. But hey, maybe we'll see that in their next game.If I had one gripe it would be that there's not enough. I would have loved to see these characters explored more, and I'm sure we all have opinions on missing out on the infamous 'true' ending. I'd have loved to have been able to play that. Here's hoping for an October DLC release?Anyway, aside from a short play through time and a few bugs- admittedly more hilarious than disruptive to game play- The dialogue regularly cracks me up, but I have not laughed so hard at a game than when the creepy twins follow you through a date and appear in your house.Looking forward to the next project- things can only go up from here and- hey, a unique, funny, and charming game like this is a pretty high bar. As Damien says, it's much easier to complain about something than to make something new yourself."
,Recommended,654880,33714491,Posted: 22 July,all,Az,Brian is the ultimate dad. Also a good game if you want to date daddies. 10/10
76561198182787535,Recommended,654880,33733066,Posted: 22 July,all,Rose,"I really enjoyed this game!! All the characters were very charming and were very developed and interesting. The music was really great and the voice acting was cute. The writing was hilarious and I loved every single dad joke that was made.I must admit out of all the characters and endings, Joseph was the most disapointing and I hope in the future maybe he might get an ending that isnt just said or that weird cult thing that everyone is going nuts over. (Also I hope they clear up that mystery).Other than that I greatly enjoyed this game!! I wish there was more game for me to play, it only took me 2 and half days to finish all the good endings."
,Recommended,654880,33925476,Posted: 31 July,all,Dick Biscuit,"Hot dads who address actual problems regarding the culture of masculinity and fatherhood in a bubbly game. Seriously, what isn't to love?Unfortunately, I think that most of the negative reviews are coming from people who may not enjoy visual novels? Or from people who don't play them often? Speaking from the point of view as someone whose PC gaming is pretty much limited to visual novels and otome games, Dream Daddy holds up. It's got a nice, cute story. It's funny, it's got nice art, it's got a catchy theme song that will be in my head until the day I die, and it's got AWESOME artwork. Compared to save systems used by most visual novels, Dream Daddy was pretty standard, and the menu in the top left was as well.Also, can we talk about how awesome it is that a ""binder"" body option is available? Meaning that your ""Daddy"" can be a transmale? It's even MORE awesome that you can choose to have a husband or wife, and regardless choose if you gave birth to or adopted Amanda, which acknowledges transgender people once more. Seriously, that kinda represensation is not often seen in the gaming world, and even less so in a visual novel.Over all, I loved the game. If there wasn't such a lack of down-to-earth games in the visual novel industry like Dream Daddy, I wouldn't have paid $15, but this is one of my favorite genres of gaming / reading and so that price was not something that phased me. Dream Daddy was everything and more that I wanted.Just take it for what it is. It's an interactive (and fairly progressive) book, not an MMO. :)"
,Recommended,654880,33707286,Posted: 21 July,all,nerf this,i never write reviews but i! love! this! game!
76561198397573788,Recommended,654880,33795542,Posted: 25 July,all,Robertscottsparks,"Worth every penny, I'm moderately obsessed with this game."
,Recommended,654880,33942036,Posted: 31 July,all,[username here],Cute and pure and I saw at least 3 dogs
76561198081173014,Not Recommended,654880,33728581,Posted: 22 July,all,NoxiousDreams,"I honestly got the game just for Robert. His story is /good/ but dissapointing and the ending was really boring.The art for the player Character is horrible and unfitting. The dad jokes are meh, and one of the dads is one of the most annoying Characters that really grates on my nerves. I don't even remember his name but he's Daisy's dad."
,Not Recommended,654880,33740779,Posted: 23 July,all,BABY TIDE,"Don't buy this game if you want anything from any other simulation game. Art is great even amazing! They should give all the money to the artist, because other than art, this is♥♥♥♥♥♥Plot line is♥♥♥♥♥♥ everything is too short, even the sound is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Nice voice recording guys! Rip my ears!And also with this small volume, there are no more illustration other than last one. Every character has only one poses, few face differs. I'D RATHER PLAY NECOPARA.I felt♥♥♥♥♥♥from the beginning, where I make my own dad. Like seriously other than two or three eyes, rest of them were jokes. If you wanted to make meme games, you guys should have made better games. Not betray who wanted this kind of genre.Don't buy this game. If you want to see beautiful dads in that trailer, then buy it. If you want real romance and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't.This game is worth 10$and also PAY THE ARTIST THE MOST!"
76561198107937642,Recommended,654880,33788367,Posted: 25 July,all,KingFlan,I no longer have daddy issues! Thanks Dream Daddy (Insert Dad Pun of choice)10/10 would dad again
76561198265022076,Recommended,654880,33831596,Posted: 27 July,all,hanna.schuller2,Best Dating Sim I've ever played. It shattered me into tears and that's (not) hard to reach. But it is really amazing ten outta ten would recommend
,Recommended,654880,33870851,Posted: 28 July,all,tyler962010,Such a great game with many different endings! I loved this game and the story that came with it. My favorite ending was with Craig... ugh so dreamy <3
76561198025547592,Recommended,654880,33832845,Posted: 27 July,all,Power Bottom Cum Slut,"This game does leave you wanting more...a lot more. Both in the fact that its an amazing game that is lighthearted and comical, and that it was pretty short in content. I personally feel like the game ENDS where it should be just STARTING, making you wonder if there's a Part 2 of the game or a sequel (at least you want to hope) so that you're not crushed by the short and sweet ending. Other than that is worth it even just for the laughs, let alone the deep advice and (EXTREMELY ♥♥♥♥ING) hot dads."
,Recommended,654880,33707115,Posted: 21 July,all,G00dSurviv0r,A great father daughter relationship along with the many dads you can date.The writing is funny (great job vernon and team)So excited to go for more dads
76561198207929331,Recommended,654880,33685794,Posted: 20 July,all,ALuckstreetBoy,"An excellent game, I enjoyed trying to date various dads, and I loved my daughter, a very emotional game that made me laugh, and felt good. I loved it, and cannot recommend enought.Warning: Side effects may include urge to have children and strong paternal instinct."
,Recommended,654880,33762732,Posted: 24 July,all,Poppy The Joy,Honestly great writing.Im looking forward to anything Game Grumps are planning for the future!
,Recommended,654880,33795793,Posted: 25 July,all,Mediclock Holmes,"I would reccomend this game 1000%.Okay so, where do I start? This game is just amazing.The details in the Dad's backstories, all the beautifully designed backgrounds, the uniqueness of every single character, the voice acting, the dialogue, the amazing references. THE DAD JOKES. Yes, I love dad jokes, puns, bring them on, man.I love how much representation is in this game. Bisexual daddies, you can create a trans dad, date a trans dad, it's so great to see a game like this that was made by someone as big as the Grumps. It's refreshing, and I get really damn excited about this kind of stuff.I had to replay so many times to get my ultimate Dream Daddy(oh I wonder which one that could POSSIBLY be..), but it was worth it. And I actually ended up really enjoying the other ones, too. Brian is a damn sweetheart that has the cutest giggles, Mat is a shy little bunny and I just love him, Robert isn't actually as cold as I first thought, I just- Ahh.I love this game and will play it even if my head is pounding from laughing. If there was DDADDS merch, I'd buy it. DLC, HELL YEAH, MAN.Like, if this were something they'd continue to work on, a Daddy DLC of new dads would be fun, or different stories, or maybe even a continuation for each daddy, like.. Maybe an extra date or a day? You know what I mean?ANYWAY. Great game, so amazing to see so much representation and hilarity. I love it."
76561198125224284,Recommended,654880,34029355,Posted: 4 August,all,Taylor.martin158,This game is so cute and funny!
76561198155348170,Recommended,654880,34047024,Posted: 5 August,all,neilfsimpkins,"Love it. As others have said, more of a visual novel than a sim. I personally enjoy the mini games--they are always a surprise, and some of them are quite hard."
,Recommended,654880,33702180,Posted: 21 July,all,pastelprincekai,"this game is absolutely amazing. the jokes are great, the stories are interesting, and the character creation is so inclusive. i needed this game in my life, promise you wont regret playing it."
,Recommended,654880,33809040,Posted: 26 July,all,la fleur du mal,"I'd recommend this to all 7 billion people if someone'd find me a real-life Robert. But still, great game."
76561198254231486,Recommended,654880,33680702,Posted: 20 July,all,Kermit is god,very good <3 all the characters are super loveable and great and theres a special uniqueness to all of them :D !
,Recommended,654880,33743715,Posted: 23 July,all,burnt tortilla,"This game is super inclusive for LGBTQIA+ characters as well as it just being hilarious and positive, the weird cultism is very overblown and it honestly has nothing to do with it. The stories are short, yes, but have replayability and the order and organization affects other stories. I have 10 hours in and theres still  stuff i haven't seen. It's honestly an amazing experience for 15 dollars, entirely worth it."
76561198132226851,Recommended,654880,33761498,Posted: 24 July,all,Psychotic,"i bought this as a meme and played it as a meme and still enjoyed it, still gotta get through all the dads"
76561198020259776,Recommended,654880,33966523,Posted: 2 August,all,Anonymouse,"Despite it's faults, Dream Daddy is a sweet and funny game that shows great representation. My only qualm, for the most part, is that you don't get to make nearly as many choices as you do in other dating sims. Sometimes there'd be a scene, and I'd wonder, what if I had had the choice to NOT lick the frosting off Joseph's nose? or other such events that were made involuntary. Or, for instance, the dad's whole attitude towards Brian.I'd recommend it if you're looking for something cute and easy to play, but it is more of a visual novel than a dating sim."
,Recommended,654880,33909634,Posted: 30 July,all,Steffy214,"When I first saw this game announced in steam's new popular arrivals... I thought ""What has this world come to? Why are there so many of these weird dating simulators on steam lately?"". And then Markiplier started playing this game and I saw how amazing the writing in this game is.I see many bad reviews of this game regarding the fact that the pricing is high for this type of game or that the game isn't long enough and it kind of really pisses me off that those are their main concerns. Frankly, I played 10 hours of this game to finish all 21 possible dates and I'm still missing some achievements and secret endings. Was the 1.69$/hour worth it? Yes, the Game Grumps did a fantastic job and knowing how much work goes into creating a game, it's only fair that it's priced to pay them for the time it took to create it.I do admit that it's kind of weird playing this game as a heterosexual when it's called ""Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator"" and that your friends on steam can see what you are playing but I don't care because it is so well made and written."
,Recommended,654880,34800087,Posted: 7 September,all,FUJOSHI,Buy this if you want to date hot dads for some reason.
,Recommended,654880,33780107,Posted: 24 July,all,Feyfolk,"A lot of people are basing their review on the current/full price. I disagree though; even working minimum wage for one hour in my state would give you almost enough to pay for this. I'll be honest though I don't wanna dive right back in and start dating more dads -- Damien is too beautiful... even though I peeped some of them other dads; however, this game gave me a ton of laughs, made me coo a bunch, and of course tear up a bit... a lot.That being said I feel like the crew should get to work on working out some of the smaller kinks in the game. For instance there were some small errors in the dialogue (specifically when talking to my daughter about my late wife whom I temporarily referred to as ""him"") which kinda took me out of the experience for a sec. Speaking of: HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ARE THE INTERACTIONS BETWEEN THE PLAYER DAD AND MANDA PANDA NOT THE CUTEST THINGS IN THE WORLD!? I'm serious when I say this game warmed my heart, I'm an aspiring dad myself and I can only hope to have as good a relationship with my children as they do.Very few times can something touch my heart like this game did, it honestly made me feel good about life, love, family, and art... can't ask for anything more than that! Cheers, GG!Warning: this is me being a♥♥♥♥♥♥ but also wishing these small things didn't happen so that I wouldn't have lost those tiny moment.And also a small report on bugs!Again warning, nitpicking ahead:-A minority of the mini games, esp. the penguin one are very hard to understand what is actually going on, and I can't tell if I'm doing the right thing or not. Maybe just that one... Though the first one (thepokemon parodygame) was freaking hilarious, and the timing on that was incredible!-There's quite a bit of inconsistent VO -- mainly recording -- work, a few of Robert's (ending date) lines sound like early scratch takes that accidentally made it in to the final release, and all of Hugo's small voice clips sound like they were recorded at lower quality than all of the other voice work. Also kinda wish the lines were fully voiced, but I understand. Some VO is better than none. Props to Erika Ishii who voiced Amanda and ♥♥♥♥ing nailed that!-The scoring system while can be funny sometimes, and I kinda like, is honestly very confusing (I know S is best and all) but what do each of the meters 'actually' mean and how do they contribute to the incredibly large number that determines your ranking. Is that actually a joke cause so many other games do that?-You can't control volume from in-game options... Why not? :(-There were certain times in the game (ie during Damien's last date) where the setting was described one way, perhaps as night time w/ the moonlight reflecting on the bay, but the background art was different, and said art depicted a blue sky.-A couple times I'd reload a save and different music would be playing than before, like creepy music that took me out of the moment of a sweet date.And yes I'm fully aware that I bought the game pretty early after release, and no I didn't expect it to be bug-free.That's all. I have mostly love for this game, and I hope to see more Game Grumps games, because I feel like if they can accomplish this, they can go on to producing even more great story-driven, comedic games!"
,Recommended,654880,33699150,Posted: 21 July,all,smahama,"This game is packed with jokes, puns, and amazing references. If you're a music fan you'll definitely enjoy the dates with Mat. I actually wasn't expecting it to be as funny as it is and I'm excited to finish it!"
,Recommended,654880,35187225,Posted: 24 September,all,LightSwitchRave,Incredibly wholesome story. The art is the best I have ever seen in a dating sim.
76561198419891620,Recommended,654880,34939364,Posted: 13 September,all,softdowney,Such a fun game! I love every moment of it!
76561198026460437,Recommended,654880,35110575,Posted: 21 September,all,BringtheGame,"Overall: Yes.  If you enjoy these types of games, it's one of the best I've seen yet.  Not for those seeking 'mature' art or  nudity (there is none).  It gets a little steamy in parts but fades to black and is vague enough you could call it almost safe for work.Pros:Build-A-Daddy character creation has some very fun options.  Story behind every single character.  (Good! story.)  Variety and depth to the characters that makes them feel realistic.  Fun mini-game mechanics here and there for 'challenges' at points.  Amazing character art!  Great background music.  Scene fast-forward and click-to-finish dialog boxes keep things moving if you forgot to save or want to reload before a hard choice you failed and have to skip forward a bit to catch up.Cons:There are still a few glitches here and there.  (Ran into one instance that sort of broke scene immersion for me where Amanda and Brian's daughter got stuck on the fishing scene with Brian in the boat after I loaded a save.)I could really do without the dialog box noise as text appears.  Or maybe just a different one.  It got annoying and I found myself clicking to skip the slow text reveal to the end just to avoid the noise.Minigame mechanics were unclear even with the vague description and I had to replay them once or twice to get the results I wanted just for lack of understanding how to play well.  Ski-Ball, mainly.  Still not sure if there -was- a 'win' condition for the whittling.(sp?)Price.  Not that it's outrageous but for $15 on steam, I feel like maybe it could offer just a bit more content.  They could've stuck it anywhere.  More epilogue exploration of 'what happens after', more prologue exploration to understand more about the lost spouse, some aditional story opportunities to see how Amanda and the other kids get along and interact before and after dates.  (More than just vague cut-tos for that instance.)  Some more info on timeline.  (Does my character even have a job?  Why can't I pick what he does?  Why doesn't that job (or not) come into play somehow?)  So many options to expand.  I'm hoping there are some expansions or something."
,Recommended,654880,34939485,Posted: 13 September,all,Luna,Awesome! Best game ever to find some banging dads :P
,Recommended,654880,33694096,Posted: 21 July,all,Doomguy64,"Dad, i'm gay.Hello Gay, i'm dad!Dad, I'm serious.I thought you were Gay?You're kidding me?No, I'm dad."
,Recommended,654880,34044583,Posted: 5 August,all,earthtochloe,Does anything else truly satisfy one's needs than dating a bunch of hot dads? The answer is (no).I found my dream daddy. 10/10 would date my daddy (x7) again. *heart eyes emoji*also +100 points for the dad puns thx
76561198127139389,Recommended,654880,33741851,Posted: 23 July,all,LilBabyMinx,"I love all the different dads, the music, and the art style.Thank you Game Grumps for one of the best games ever!!"
,Recommended,654880,33831076,Posted: 27 July,all,horny rainbow dash,the game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥tbfh. you get to date and have sex with other dad's and those dad advice things are better than my dad will ever be but JOSEPH'S ENDING GOT ME CRYING WHY DID YOU HAVE TO PLAY ME LIKE THIS 😭
76561198322409251,Recommended,654880,34110791,Posted: 8 August,all,peepee,good game 10/10 would date daddies again
76561198069668573,Recommended,654880,33778610,Posted: 24 July,all,Necromorphyte,Loved it! Some of the Dad's really suck you in and are easy to get attached too; others not so much. Amanda actually makes the game for me. She is a cinnamon roll and must be protected at all costs.Please play this game! Super fun and full of laughs (If you like Dad jokes which I do). 12/10.
,Recommended,654880,34043205,Posted: 5 August,all,Ozzy | REB & VoDkA,"Love it, hilarious dialoge and awesome music. Rock on Skammunist Manifesto!"
76561198044168415,Recommended,654880,34068899,Posted: 6 August,all,Bobzco213,"i'm just so happy to be a gay guy playing as a gay guy dating other gay guys. very good writing, surprisingly emotional, and kept me laughing throughout the entire playthrough."
,Recommended,654880,33724768,Posted: 22 July,all,jerichon,"+Character design and writing are totally awesome!Dad puns!Beautiful background design!A really cool (actually, really warm) vibe overall!-Mini-games are a bit... meh.Also dadsona personification seems kinda boring and not thorough.P.S. The main game itself is quite nice, could be a small funny story for an evening or two... but the bad!Joseph subplot? I'm LIVING for it.I hope we'll all crack it soon 'cause it really takes the game to the meta level."
,Recommended,654880,33690441,Posted: 21 July,all,Yggdrasiln,"I am really gay, want to be a dad one day and appreciate the trans inclusion. Amanda-panda is the beary best daughter a dad could ask for. 10/10"
,Recommended,654880,33754326,Posted: 23 July,all,$picy,"as a trans gay guy, this game is so important to me. this is the only game i know of where i can play as a trans guy who is a mlm* and date another guy who is also a trans mlm. not only is this game diverse and inclusive, each of the dads are very unique and have endearing traits. i feel like this game can have a bit more content (more dates, more focus on the relationships with the dads since it focuses a bit more on the relationship with your daughter, etc.) but i am happy with this game and feel like it was worth the $15*mlm means man loving man, its a neat way to describe guys who are attracted to other guys(ps, goth dad is best dad)"
76561198155088840,Recommended,654880,33744095,Posted: 23 July,all,Hils,"Fantastic game with a diverse set of characters, fun writing and tons of great dad jokes."
76561198183808537,Recommended,654880,34296555,Posted: 16 August,all,z0mbmagz,"This game is so amazing. It has beautiful colors and detailed art, wonderful characters, a heartfelt storyline, and adorable elements of romance. You can even be a transgender dad!!! Wait to be inclusive, Game Grumps! I love it so much and would recommend everybody to play this, especially if you like comedy and romance! The soundtrack to the game is also very catchy and I enjoyed it a lot."
76561198081442981,Not Recommended,654880,33681192,Posted: 20 July,all,losebetter,"by god, i wanted to be this game's champion. it's so rare to see games with well-developed LGBT men at the forefront in any genre, but... i can't even support this one on that basis.the game is super polished, it looks great. it's cutesy and the writing is a lot of fun - but it's heartless. if you are a person who likes dating sims with a gimmick, i'd recommend it? and it's easy to get a bad ending, so it's decently challenging, too. but if you (like me) were a queer dude hoping for something short and sweet and gay, i cannot warn you away from this one strongly enough. came out of it feeling commodified and horrible. we are not this game's intended audience, y'all - if you want to experience it anyway, i hope you have thicker skin than i do, for your sake."
76561198195370093,Not Recommended,654880,33752842,Posted: 23 July,all,pl.aggressively,"i wish there was like a neutral option instead of whether i just straight recommend the game or not bc the game isn't the worst thing i've ever played /:there are lots of good things about the game like the art style is great, and some of the conversations and dialogue options are really funny, but that doesn't make this game worth $15because it was delayed twice, you'd think the game would be less buggy than it is, and the voice acting is absolutely awful. the routes are way to short, and there really isn't aa plot to this game at all. you get the same ending no matter what, other than your short talk with the daddy you're tryna date, and it almost completely ruins Amanda's whole character because i'm sick of going through the same dialogue with here every time i try and go after a different guy. i understand that the dates dont happen in like three consecutive days, but it doesnt feel like enough time anyway to actually end up liking any of the characters because they never actually flirt except for damien. you legit call craig your bro up until the credits ((which was actually kinda funny to me)).Honestly, i would be hyped if the ""secret"" ending everyone is talking about is actually a real thing just because it might make this game more interesting.Overall, i really got myself excited for this game and my hopes were crushed. :( i wouldn't buy this game for full price if i were anyone else.i really think this game only got so many positive reviews because people are either fans of the Game Grumps or they're fujoshis jumping at the fact it's a game with gay men"
76561198051569784,Recommended,654880,33687527,Posted: 20 July,all,SedgeGrass,"This game is literally the best thing to ever grace my short, unimpressive life. I could find literally nothing wrong with it. I'm serious. In a dating game like this, 99% of the game content is writing and then writing in this is PHENOMINAL. It's witty, well timed, engaging, and (besides the dad puns) is 100% relatable and not cringe-worthy at all. The variety in the dad selection is staggering; each one is completely unique and different from the next and you'd be hardpressed to find someone who doesn't end up taking to at least 1 of them.Or 2.Or 5.My point is I like 5 out of the 7 dads and I can't decide which one to choose."
,Not Recommended,654880,33893230,Posted: 29 July,all,Kaptain Khaz,"Enjoyed the game, but that doesn't mean it's worth the money.The routes are forgettable for the most part and you barely get to know anyone on any route thanks to how short they are. Three dates for each dad, I mean really? Characters end up being 2-dimensional at best, some are even worse than that. Your dadsona tends to be the worst of anyone. Spoilers ahead:Brian's route, for instance, is literally just your Dadsona being an overly-competitive, hateful♥♥♥♥♥♥for three dates. This is magically resolved within about five minutes at the very end of the last day.Your daughter Amanda is the only character that gets any real development. There are some genuinely feelgood emotional scenes with her early on in the game, but they peter out the longer you play.However, there is a far, far greater issue with this game in my opinion: it is actually broken. Not buggy, broken. There are two achievements that are unattainable. Amanda's bad ending is literally impossible to get, along with a ""secret"" ending for Joseph. The fact that they had the gall to release this game with such blatant bugs is beyond me, but it genuinely pisses me off.Honestly, this game isn't worth $15. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this game in its current state."
76561198025671535,Not Recommended,654880,34338385,Posted: 18 August,all,chris.haigy,"For a dating sim, which should really be emphasizing the connection that you have with the people you're romancing, this has some of the worst dialogue I've ever seen in my entire life. Literally, one of the dads I romanced said ""I'm glad now that my preferred team is winning."" To which my character said ""oh, then we must prefer different sports teams, because my preferred team is losing."" And then my dad and the ""bad dad"" had a very brief description of some very unerotic sex. I'm glad to see that there's a gay dating sim on steam, but this one is pretty terrible."
,Not Recommended,654880,33743158,Posted: 23 July,all,haalgen,"Giving the game 6.5/10I would recommend and not recommend. But I have to agree that this game is indeed too short.Here's what the game lacks:The dialogues are nice, very meme-y and sometimes relatable but it doesn't really bring you into the story that well. And the story? Too short. It's basically each route has 20+ long conversation and then it ends like that. I hoped the routes have some sort of plot twists and more interaction where we can choose the options. Three dates is too short and I'm disappointed that after finishing a route you just skip straight ahead to the ending without any stories in between.The game's nice, the concept is good but it definitely lacks so much (I even encountered a bug at some point) and it's understandable. They could've lowered the price for the game. I wish there's a future content update for the game where there's an extended story in it."
,Recommended,654880,33803138,Posted: 26 July,all,CrimsonNephilim,"As much as I love the Game Grumps, I was reluctant on buying this only because I find the whole Internet ""daddy"" phase to be weird. I broke down and bought it after seeing a few LPs of it on youtube, and was surprised at how much fun it actually is.  I ended up completing the good endings for Damien, Craig, Mat, Jospeh, and Robert within 2 days and currently doing another run through of damien's story with different choices.It's very charming and the bad dad jokes/puns are so bad that you can't help but laugh at them anyway. The only small critique I have for it is that the dialogue that follows a few choices have continuity problems (i.e. Player Dad mentions not wanting to nearly burn down the house again on the way to the BBQ even though you were careful with cooking dinner the scenario before).  Otherwise, this game has been great so far and I'm hoping that we will get follow-up stories to continue the relationship with our ""Dream Daddy"", or that there will be additional Daddies added later on."
76561198201063489,Recommended,654880,33781232,Posted: 25 July,all,Raven_Muse,"This game is awesome! It's so funny and the fluff is so cute, I'm no longer allowed to play it at night because of how much I laugh and squeal at the cuteness. I loved most of the dads, only two of them I didn't particularly like, which is shocking cause usually I only like one or two of the dateable characters. The two I disliked were Joseph and Brian. the whole competition thing put me off Brian. As for Joseph, well, I liked his wife more than I liked him and the whole thing drama with his marriage was also off putting. Anyways I loved Mary, awesome side character and don't even get me started on Amanda. She's such a cool kid! If I ever decide to have children I want them to be like her. There is so much more that I love about this game that I could probably write a couple of paragraphs and spoil a lot of the story so I'll stop here. The only thing I disliked was some of the bloody mini games. I could have done with more pinups too.Anyways I advise anyone looking to buy, to check the game out on Youtube first to get a feel for it, see if you like it and then decide to buy it or not."
,Not Recommended,654880,34101122,Posted: 8 August,all,Moska Fleur,I was very excited for this game but I expected much more from it. It's VERY short and it's not worth its price.
,Not Recommended,654880,33987716,Posted: 3 August,all,KaiserRath,"https://steamed.kotaku.com/dream-daddy-creators-explain-why-you-can-t-smooch-all-t-1797354455The devs of this game are extremely pretentious to point where it's rather disgusting.Why bother even making this game if all you're going to do is punish, reprimand, and call us out for enjoying it?It's a good and interesting game, but please get off your ♥♥♥♥ing high horses."
,Not Recommended,654880,34369910,Posted: 20 August,all,Cosmic_Beard,"It's bad even as a meme game. I bought it to stream because I thought it would be funny, but it's more about your daughter and not about Hot Dads In Your Area™. It's almost solely dialogue, and any choices you eventually are able to make have no significance, so as a point and click game it really has no purpose. Also the dialogue needs better proofreading."
,Recommended,654880,34158461,Posted: 10 August,all,ThinMint,"Don't listen to what these negative reviews are saying, this is a great game! It's cute, has great humor (so many horrible dad jokes omg), and the art is really good!I am really upset at all the backlash that this game has received from a certain group of people. Yes, the game is $15 dollars, but if you know anything at all about these types of dating sim games $15 is a decent price! That's the price of, like, two fast food meals. Not a big deal at all. People worked very hard to make this game and they did a pretty good job of it, they deserve to make a profit.There's also been complaints about the length for some reason. You can romance seven different guys and each decision point (which there are a lot of by the way) has at least three options. I've only played 10 hours and I haven't even started to explore all the different endings and achievements that you can get. So I see no problem with the length other than I wish it was longer because I liked the game so much!I also love how the game starts and the choices in the beginning with Amanda, it's such a nice little detail. This game is definitely unlike any other typical dating sim and that's what I like about it.There are so many things I want to say about this game, but instead I recommend that you play it and see for yourself because it is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,654880,33687492,Posted: 20 July,all,ironspy,10/10 The goth dad writes Naruto fanfiction
76561198141852580,Recommended,654880,34110255,Posted: 8 August,all,clarissa-bozo,"Very Dad, Much Date"
76561198402874731,Recommended,654880,33794207,Posted: 25 July,all,Katindabox,"I've only just started this game but I am already struck by how funny it is. I catch myself bursting out laughing at regular intervals. The art style and character animations are fun to look at and the voice acting (even if it is just sighs and grunts) isn't too distracting. I can definitely tell which characters The Grumps voiced :pThe game is honestly heartfelt in its endeavor to show all these characters as being attentive, proud fathers and not just solely as a gaggle of horndogs to date. It's actually very sweet. I also like that you can choose to have your avatar wear a chest binder and whether your avatar's previous marriage was with a man or a woman. You can tell the developers put a lot of energy and love into this thing."
,Not Recommended,654880,33745410,Posted: 23 July,all,Empress,"Not really bad. Sometimes good, but definitely not 15$ good. (Others have already explained the reasons before me.) Endings leave a huge meh feeling."
,Not Recommended,654880,34027192,Posted: 4 August,all,beanie bo bana,"If only the character customisations were more broad and varied. It's such a cute and interesting game. I wouldn't recommend it to anybody *now* but hopefully when all of the bugs are fixed, I'll change my mind. It's their first game so bugs are to be expected. The game did come out 2 weeks ago, so I'm trying to be forgiving.Pros:-Cute daddos-Cute dialogues/storylines-Cute gfx-BGM is very a++-Hidden references are comicalCons:-Dialogue bugs-Not a great selection for character creation>Not a great selection of hairstyles>Not a great selection for eye styles>Not a great selection for body types--there's literally only 3??>Not a great selection of clothing-All the daddos in the game look great and clean... and then there's my character looking like a potato no matter *how hard I try*-Save mechanism needs tweaking ESPECIALLY with the golfing save--I saved the game at 9/18 holes, mid-way to the other 9 holes... decided to end the date and go ahead with Joseph's route... came back to the 9/18 save and it registered as a 0/18 lol. Please fix.)-Needs work on bugs for some endings because some of them are unobtainableAll in all, it's not a terrible game and I love the concept of it. But the bugs need fixing and the codes need proofing. It's not a longterm play-again game with a tremendous amount of grinding or time investment... it's one of those games you start up when you need to pass time, something to distract yourself with, or to unwind after a stressful day at work... so they might as well include a more diverse customisation and a stellar gameplay. I'm sure Game Grumps is busy trying to fix their bugs, but I just wanted to give my .02 cents and hope that they hear us out!"
,Recommended,654880,34009569,Posted: 3 August,all,Angel Doll,I highly reccomend this game.
76561198074053134,Recommended,654880,33700328,Posted: 21 July,all,ilsebc,"Any game with romances, I typically go in knowing exactly whose story I'm interested in playing the most and which characters appeal to me. Dream Daddy completely destroyed my plans. All the dads are just so god damn endearing. I spent the entire day yesterday in just the best mood because this game just got cuter and more delightful the more I played it."
76561198397941570,Recommended,654880,33700303,Posted: 21 July,all,rouse102815,"I only have one thing to say: Don't touch my Goth Dad. He's mine. Also Mat, Craig and Robert are adorable as heck."
,Recommended,654880,33753512,Posted: 23 July,all,Belbang,"Overall pretty good.. I love the art and the characters are very deep and planned out beyond their ""sterotype"", but it was very short. I finished each route in about 20-30 minutes, and some of them had unsatisfactory endings even if you got the highest rank in all dates.. The replayability is not really there when you've dated all dads, but it's nice entertainment for the price."
76561198352253183,Recommended,654880,33753473,Posted: 23 July,all,sexikeki,"This was a game I was highly anticipating and it really followed through. Based on a lot of the negative reviews I've seen I think maybe people were expecting the kind of game you would get from a large game company. This is an indie dating sim, which in itself means it's limited and has a limited budget. The illustrations and different expressions of the characters are fantastic, it's like a keyframed animation. There are SO many backgrounds I'm impressed. I've worked in both animation and the tech world and it's difficult to get that many backgrounds, characters, animation and illustrations done. This was really ambitious and it met my expectations.Pros:You get to date hot dadsFrom my understanding you have at least 2 possible endings for 7 charcters, that's 14 endings!Characters illustrations are of high qualityThe character creator is a lot of funSome of the characters are offputting at first but develop depth as you get to know themSome do the opposite of thisYou have a relationship with your adorable daughter that must be maintainedCons:The 'pin up' illustration you get for winning over your dream daddy is nothing to write home about, the in-game characters illustrations look much better.Some of the UI is a little funny, I found myself clicking the 'credits' button by accident every time I went to options to change a setting.There's no on-boarding for how to use the 'save' 'load' and fast forward buttons.Would be nice if the fast forward stopped just before a choice so I understood the context .My cons are really nit picky details. With future updates there's the possibility of them getting resolved. I've seen many people complain about the price. Which $14.99 is really cheap for a brand new game with this quality of content. If you don't like the price you can always put it on watch and hold out for a sale. I can't say I've played other dating sims but looking at those available on steam at the moment this one blows them out of the water in terms of illustration quality. I can't speak for the story. I thought the story was really sweet for the 3 dads I've dated and brought up legitimate relationship issues without being preachy. I've played with friends and we've all gushed about how well done this is. Honestly if you think $14.99 is a lot of money don't buy it and complain it should've been like a AAA title."
,Not Recommended,654880,34237818,Posted: 14 August,all,koomaster,"My dream daddy dumped me at the end even after S-ranking every date and interaction with him. If I wanted to be dicked around and feel used, I have real life for that. Game was funny in parts and has its charm; but grammar mistakes coupled with text/visual discongruity (Dadsona: 'What a neat house.' while a picture of a messy room is displayed.) mar a visual novel style game such as this. These issues on top of the ending I got with my dream daddy means I can't recommend this game to others."
,Recommended,654880,33708253,Posted: 21 July,all,Senjinss,Great game. Love it. It's pretty heartwarming and funny. Loving the relationship each of the character have.Very salty about Joseph's ending though. RIP my heart.
76561198060705405,Recommended,654880,33680375,Posted: 20 July,all,BoomHogs,"Not only was this game super inclusive without yknow, making it weird and trying to parade it around like a badge or whatever, but the characters (from what routes I've played) are all incredibly well written and I grew attached to them within minutes of knowing them!Also Brian and his family exists so 10/10 would romance again"
76561198083022616,Recommended,654880,33680162,Posted: 20 July,all,takakunii,i have become emotionally connected to a daughter that isnt realvery dad. very gay.
,Recommended,654880,33680845,Posted: 20 July,all,fruity furry,"Really good game, would let robert raw me, 10/10."
,Recommended,654880,33692802,Posted: 21 July,all,giabella101,10/10. this game gave me a daddy kink.(imo craig is best dad i will fight you on this)
76561198111466036,Recommended,654880,33681944,Posted: 20 July,all,Annika,I've never been so much in love with a simulator!The dads are adorable AND hot. Ohh and Amanda is awesome!I don't regret buying this game.
,Recommended,654880,33701509,Posted: 21 July,all,lezbiasauras,"DDADDS is a humorous, quirky experience and well-worth the money I spent. So much so I even bought it as a gift for a friend. The art and music imediately held my heart and it is obvious the devs and team put so much love and care into this game. They want you to enjoy it and they succeeded. I have only played a coupe of hours but I can see myself playing it multiple times. The dynamic characters are written so uniquely and I fell in love with them for all of these differences. Finding it hard to pick which dad is even my favourite.With how this game turned out, I'd fully support them in any future games they decide to make because it is clear how much effort they put into their work and how much they care for those who will be playing and their audiences. Such a heartfelt and lovely game. A+ work guys!!"
76561198337433948,Recommended,654880,33687437,Posted: 20 July,all,shonikwa.webster,YASS DADDY. 10/10
,Recommended,654880,33687399,Posted: 20 July,all,Hearteyes,"9/10Absolutely lovely game and absolutely worth the wait. The art in this game is phenomenal, the story is charming, the music is great. The addition of minigames in a dating game like this is wonderful, as well as the addition of creating your own character! All the characters are interesting and loveable as well. Really great first game from these creators, and I hope to see more in the future.My critiques:-The storyline can be pretty short since you only go on three dates with your chosen daddy, HOWEVER you can go on dates with multiple dads and make the story longer, and the game has great replay value.-*SPOILER* The story and writing got a bit jumbled, sometimes it would act as if i had met Robert when I did not meet him the night before. My character mentions Mary flirting with other men even when I had not seen her do that. I think there was a time where my character mentioned ""your dad"" to Amanda when I had chosen the ""wife"" option. So I found the writing to be a little confusing at times.-The minigames where kind of confusing at times since there isn't really any directions, for example I didn't really know what i was supposed to be doing in the concert minigame and the radio fixing minigame.-The sound seemed a little funky to me at times, specifically Hugo sounded like his voice was recorded with like different equipment or something? Maybe that is just my headphones or something though.-*SPOILER* The inclusion of ""bad"" endings and ""good"" endings is great, keeps the game replayable. However, I am a bit unsure if getting the ""pinup"" pic means you got the good ending or not? With Joseph I seemed to have gotten a bad ending (He dumps me and goes back to his wife) and yet I got his picture. I guess the unsureness keeps people playing to see how many endings there are, but maybe a definite number or how many endings there are would be nice.-The difference in style between your Dadsona and the actual game art irks me a bit. I understand that the character creation can't be as detailed as the art of the game, but I have to admit it's a little strange to me seeing my character in the corner looking  different from the style of the dads.Overall, I have enjoyed the game thus far and will continue to enjoy it. This game actually makes me smile and laugh and the addition of the Grumps voiceacting is just icing on the cake. Congratulations to the Dream Daddy team on making a great game!"
76561198154241720,Recommended,654880,33683004,Posted: 20 July,all,emerding,"honestly this game is a blessing,,10/10 dad jokes10/10 gameplay"
,Recommended,654880,33680794,Posted: 20 July,all,Mircadin,"An absolutely adorable game! The characters are relatable-at least in the routes I've taken-and there is so much good humor. I love the dads and the lovely art style- everything is so clean and crisp, and I just am enamored with everything. The mini-games are really fun once you get a hang of them, and you can pretty much customize everything. As I've gone through I've found the dads actually have personalities and it is clear to see the huge amount of love and dedication that has gone in the game. I'm gonna assume this is gonna be the only simulator of it's kind for this year at least- even if it wasn't, this would be the best dad-dating sim you'd play. So many dad puns, it was definitely worth the 4+ delays waiting for the game. I recommend anyone who is interested to purchase and play it, because it is worth your time and is definitely something you'll play for quite a while. I'm over 3 hours in and just finished my first dad route and here I am, going back for the same dad because I am SO happy. There is care and love and dedication put into this game- it isn't fanservice or meant to appeal to those who fetishize gay men, and I am so appreciative. Finally, a game for us gays. Definitely recommend, 20/10."
,Recommended,654880,33685774,Posted: 20 July,all,QueenNati,"EDIT: The game is pretty short considering its price. If you aren't sure about getting it, wait for it to be on sale to avoid buyers' remorse.I've been excited about this game for a while now and I am very happy that my excitement wasn't disappointed in any way!This is a very different kind of Dating Simulator which makes games like HunyPop look incredibly bland and superficial.Most people expect nothing else from Dating Sims but stereotypical characters, a whole lot of awkward and unrealistic flirting, bribing of your 'crushes' with gifts and nice things to say which eventually lead to the main character getting into the oversexualized girl's panties.Good Lordy I am glad to say that Dream Daddy is anything but that.Your Dadsona (which you are free to create at the beginning of the game) actually has a whole lot of personality and flaws. He's a single father of an 18 years old daughter moving into a new neighborhood full of other Dads to socialize with. Dates actually help you to get to know the other characters and let me tell you, I am having difficulties to decide which one my Dadsona's gonna hook up with!They're all very interesting characters and each has his own charme.Here some other things that I really like about the game:+ The dialogue is very well written and doesn't feel forced and/or unnatural.+ The art is amazing and especially the characters look incredible+ A lot of inclusion+ Very supportive of Dads taking care the kids rather than the mom+ No oversexualization of anyone+ The voice acting adds to it and is especially fun if you're familiar with the Game Grumps+ Fun little minigamesThe only thing that bothers me is the music. Sometimes it gets a little repetitive and can get on my nerves, but this is anything but a dealbreaker for me. I can deal with that.Definitely a must-buy if you're into games that include cleverly written fun dialogue, charming characters in a heartwarming story that helps you relax and take your mind off things."
,Recommended,654880,33703698,Posted: 21 July,all,Lyana,Surprisingly amazing game. I thought it was going to be a joke at first but it actually has amazing writing and characters. Also the art and music are beautiful and it's super inclusive. Also dad jokes.
,Recommended,654880,33703678,Posted: 21 July,all,marmar,"This game is so hecking cute, and was worth the wait.  The mini games are fun, a little confusing at times but very easy to figure out.  SO MANY DAD JOKES, so many I can barely handle it.  All the dads are very relatable as well, they all have real problems and overall they're just great."
,Recommended,654880,33730000,Posted: 22 July,all,Kismejka,Good dads. Highly recommend this wholesome experience.
,Recommended,654880,33729664,Posted: 22 July,all,Alien_Ariel,"Bought the game for the humor, got blindsided by the feels. Don't underestimate this game just because it looks silly; there's a lot more going on.The mark of good writing is taking one of my least favorite characters at the start and making them my top pick in the end. I'm honestly impressed.Damien is #1 Dad."
76561198107077800,Recommended,654880,33731401,Posted: 22 July,all,Bryceratops,I am love daddy. cant believe it not butter! ♥♥♥♥
76561198033657328,Recommended,654880,33733573,Posted: 22 July,all,denki dick,"This is...my first time writing a review for a game ever on Steam. Bear with me. In depth opinion at the bottom!ProsWell written, humourous dialogue and story.I found myself laughing at a lot of the dialogue and jokes throughout each route. Even the silly, cheesy dad jokes had me going. The interactions between you and your daugther are warm hearted. Individual stories for each dad are interesting and creative, though lacking in some aspects.Music!There is one copyrighten track but other than that, all originally composed music. Very enjoyable to listen to.Gorgeous art, both characters and backgroundsI absolutely adore the art style of the game. A lot of wonderful people worked on both the characters and backgrounds. They're lively, full of color and detail, and great to look at.Lots of content spread out of between each characterAll in all, if you're playing for each dad and route, you will easily get around 10 hours into the game. You will go on three dates with each dad and depending on your choices,end up dating them or staying as friends.Diversity of charactersThis is really big, especially nowadays. Ethnicities are spread out nicely among the cast, only 2-3 are white males. Diversity is something really nice to see in these types of games.LGBT and Trans friendlyI mean this is obvious but the entire cast is LGBT; many are gay or bi. You can freely choose whether or not you adopted your daugther or not.One of the main cast is canon, confirmed by the writers, to be a trans man. Which makes me really happy see! Well written trans people are really needed for the millions of trans people out there.Character creation (personally something I really enjoy)You actually don't see many of these in visual novels/otome games outside of the mobile ones. There's something really enjoyable about creating a character specifically to fit into a game that's appealing to me.Voice actingThis is also something you don't see too much in these games. There isn't much voice acting but enough that you can get an understanding of how a certain character's voice sounds.ConsCharacter creation fits here as wellThough there is one, it's very lacking and in a different art style than the main game. You're almost always going to look like a young adult/younger than the rest of the castLack of content focused specificly on one dadLet's say you're only interested in one or two dads, depending on how quickly you read, you're only going to get 30-40 minutes of story to read. Which for the price of the game, it's that great of a thing.Voice actingSticking this here to because while it is a nice feature, a few of the characters sound like they weren't recorded in the same room. Which, yes I know they weren't, but the sound quality is so obviously different that it's really jarring and distacting. The acting itself consists of grunts, ohs!, laughs, and a few choice words here and there.Lack of per character contentThis game is INSANELY short. Especially if you're only interested in a few dads. I read fast and it took me maybe? 30 minutes per route to finish the game. I've gotten all good endings in the game, including the main one with Amanda. There are hidden achievements but I personally don't care enough to get them.All in all...while I enjoyed the game a lot, I don't think it deserves the 15$ price tag. Especially after the game was delayed twice (even though one wasn't even the dev team's fault). There is a lot of drama attached to this game simply because Game Grumps are attached to it. Outside of publishing and voice acting, they...really didn't have much to do with the game. It was a completely different team all together.There is/was boycotting of this game because some data mining found acompletely scrappedstoryline involving Joseph and a cult of sorts. Which resulted in people boycotting the game for abuse which quite frankly, just isn't even in the game and doesn't exist. Another reason is a big spoiler for Joseph's line which I will start with a cut here;In Joseph's route, there is physical cheating between you and Joseph. No matter what you do, Joseph will return to his wife Mary in both the good and bad routes. A lot of people deemed this as promoting cheating, which simply isn't true. In the story, you knowingly know that the relationship between Joseph and his wife isn't great and yet you still can choose to get involved with him.Tl;dr, there's a lot of untrue rumours around this wonderful game that take away from all the hard work that this small dev team did. And they don't deserve it in the slightest. I could go on and on about my opinions with the game but I think I've written enough here to hopefully sway someone's opinion of whether or not to pick up the game.I really enjoyed this game a lot despite its flaws and I really hope someone else can too!"
,Recommended,654880,33733472,Posted: 22 July,all,wangstlover,"a really touching character-driven (obviously) game. it's a bit short, though admittedly i'm still working through the last few dates, and the multiple endings are moreorless the same ending but adjusted to whose route you've just completed, but i've definitely enjoyed the hours i've put into it so far. the cast is pretty charming, too, with more depth to their personalities and backstories than i've seen in some big name titles. also, i appreciate the trans options - small details, but it's nice to have them.anyway, the humor and warmth in this game is definitely worth the buy, imo.♥♥♥♥♥♥s funny and, in an odd way, touching."
,Recommended,654880,33719701,Posted: 22 July,all,Lokenstein,"A very cute & inclusive game, I love it! A lot of dad jokes, good references and mini game surprises :D And I love that there’s a lot of different (even hidden!) endings.The gameplay is what I would expect of a dating sim, so nothing mindblowing, mostly going through dialogues (except for the aforementionned mini games).Beautiful graphics, cool music and great daddies!!I just wish there would be actually voiced dialogues & more freedom about choosing the personality of your character :)"
76561198068285189,Recommended,654880,33765403,Posted: 24 July,all,H00LIG@N,"Lemme say something first. I've never once played a dating sim in my life. You can take that any way: I'm pretty skeptical for this entire gaming genre but I've always been open to really creative games. After seeing this game make rounds on Youtube, I got interested because... damn, this is one creative♥♥♥♥♥project.As I speak, it's 6 AM, and I've played this game until the last date/epilogue with Craig and I will tell you:I'm thoroughly heart-warmed by this game  and my interactions with most of the charecters. I loved it, and will continue to fondly remember it. Even though it's a dating-sim, the message the game is trying to spread is overwhelmingly positive and really allows for some introspection for individuals that can relate. I will say this; I see that a lot of people are saying that there are a lot of bugs and a lot of the game is just drab point and click, but if you read all the dialogue and appreciate it for its creative/moral value, then I'm sure that you'll walk away smiling. Also, this a recently released indie game. Give it a break.1 thing: I wish the game was a bit longer (more content DLC?)"
,Recommended,654880,33684119,Posted: 20 July,all,Milkman Nick,"All I've ever wanted and more. Okay but seriously, the writing in this is great, the characters are great, the inclusivity is great, its all great."
,Recommended,654880,33735647,Posted: 22 July,all,Gold Bird,"I cannot rightly recommend or dissuade anyone from playing this. The game does a three big things right. First we have a very diverse cast of characters that you can romance so there should be something to your liking if you're somebody attracted to men. Secondly we have a game that's been made for the LGBTQ+ community and it's great to finally have something that features us as main characters. Lastly, we have the fact that this game features a heavy focus on comedy but even while doing this, it manages to avoid making the jokes at the expense of gay people. It might not sound like a big deal, but for me personally I think it is.The game has one MAJOR downfall though. Coming from a background of having played visual novels before, this game is INCREDIBLY SHORT. I haven't played every ending of the game but I did play through to Brian's ending and I had a total of maybe... 2-3 hours play time? That's really not enough when your asking price is $15.00 USD. Now I'm aware dating sims and visual novels are different, but please just keep in mind before you buy this that there's no big epic story that is going to wrench out your heart and have you yearning for more. It's simply a light-hearted, short dating sim with a strong focus on comedy.TL;DR, this game is good for representations of the LGBTQ+ community but if you're coming here thinking that you'll be getting gay-CLANNAD, you aren't."
76561198064562855,Recommended,654880,33693873,Posted: 21 July,all,June Marsch,This game is perfect. I love it . I never buy games on release date but i did with this one and it's even better than what i was expecting.A+ dad jokes
76561198067484850,Recommended,654880,33727634,Posted: 22 July,all,WheatleyHastings,"If you can out aside your negative feelings towards dating simulators, you should definitely try Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator. It's hilarious, but also requires some true level dad thinkin'. There's mini-games in each route, my favorite is the Mat concert one.I want every achievement in this game but i refuse to be a bad father to my amazing daughter like why would you make me have to be unsupportive and mean to my child"
,Recommended,654880,33715020,Posted: 22 July,all,Gay Agenda,"My gay heart is threatening to burst, send help please"
,Recommended,654880,33714796,Posted: 22 July,all,gospockyourself,This is a very sweet and hilarious game with great music and pretty graphics. The characters all have their own hidden sides and the storylines made me emotional for each one. A+
76561198043001456,Recommended,654880,33775305,Posted: 24 July,all,Inkswitch,"It does what it says on the box, and it does it with heart, humor, and excellent artwork. It wouldn't hurt to wait to catch this one on sale, but it's an enjoyable dating simulator and personally that's all I was really looking for."
,Recommended,654880,33770289,Posted: 24 July,all,amaranth_lilith,"I've really enjoyed this game. There is a lot of great comedy. The characters were wonderful. I was happy with the character creation. My only issue was its length. Sure, you can go back and date all the dads. However, I'm more interested in Robert than anything. I LOVE HIM. So, I feel like more dates would have been better. Make a second one, maybe? With the same characters. Or a DLC with an extra date or two. PLEASE."
,Recommended,654880,33770309,Posted: 24 July,all,Black Knight,"A warm and friendly game genuine characters and relatable topics. The Grumps aimed to make an amazing game. I think they surpassed every expectation. If you find yourself looking for wholesome, good natured, friendly, (somewhat bad♥♥♥♥♥, characters boy this game is the right one for you. Full of emotion and thrills, good times, and burgers on the grill. This game will keep you coming back for more (mostly because of the arching storyline with at least 12 kajillion endings but also just good character stories). Wholeheartedly I want everyone to get this game just for the experience of emotional and heartpounding joy as well as a few tear jerkers. So what are you waiting for stop reading my review and get the game! Your Dream Daddy™ is waiting!"
76561198104197783,Recommended,654880,33688826,Posted: 20 July,all,shaiapoufs,10/10
,Recommended,654880,33796170,Posted: 25 July,all,Ronel,"There's not enough games with LGBT options/representation so I appreciate the Grumps making a good, well-written game like this possible. The game is equal parts humorous and wholesome (with a few eerie moments here and there) , so if you want a game where you can have wholesome conversations with hot dads while constantly making dad jokes, this is the game for you! (Also Craig is Best Dad thx)"
,Recommended,654880,33786506,Posted: 25 July,all,Miss Witch,"I can't stop playing this game. It's addicting!! It looks amazing and every dad is lovable! My heart is set on Robert so it's not a ""hard to choose"" matter to me, but still I enjoy absolutely everyone. Even the bittersweet endings.The only negative I can think of is that the game is too good for being this short. There are many dads, many (fantastic, funny, quirky) lines so there was no time to display the romance between the player and their dad of choice more. It feels a little rushed. Between the second and third dates we just get a text explaining how we hung out with X and it was fun then we hit him up on Dadbook. I want more romance less fathering, to be precise I want them to be 50/50. As it is now there's like 20% romance, all pressed into the final date and the chat in the garden.Basically, this game's incredible quality and story are its own undoing. If it had more content, more romance, maybe a future DLC or something, that'd be fantastic. The characters have too much depth and charm to just end it at the cherry blossom tree. Seeing the credits roll make me feel a little brokenhearted every time."
76561198114186550,Recommended,654880,33796962,Posted: 25 July,all,nerdypinetree,"Ddadds is charming, hilarious, heartwarming, heartbreaking, diverse, and all around a fantastic game. The game plays well, it relatively forgiving (it autosaves frequently), and I’m especially happy with how well the transgender characters are handled. Highly recommend to anyone looking to have some fun with some dads and experience some of the struggles of parenting."
,Recommended,654880,33679322,Posted: 20 July,all,Teacup_Hippos,The game was 100% worth the wait! Incredible work! I LOVE IT!
,Not Recommended,654880,33704061,Posted: 21 July,all,AwkwardBun,"After playing a few funny dating simulators, I saw this one and fell in love. It seemed like it would be fun and funny by the trailer and info.I was hoping for dad jokes, I got... Statements.... Like they were trying to make dad jokes out of everything but they just weren't jokes... They weren't funny.If your expecting this to be funny, or silly, don't buy it. From what I can tell it's 3 hours of serious dating, and a few mini games, and lots of talking. After an hour of trying to stream it, I had to stop in fear of losing my voice.Would not recommend."
76561198032661089,Recommended,654880,33704216,Posted: 21 July,all,DFC Nappi,"This game is so heartfelt it's amazing. Great writing, art and music. Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,654880,33703052,Posted: 21 July,all,ImmortalGalaxy,"10/10 would play this game of nightmares and deception again. Cult ending really made it worth it, made me question the purpose of my being."
76561198293559348,Recommended,654880,33798159,Posted: 25 July,all,alyssa.monson98,"If I didn't love the game grumps/Vernon would I have bought it for full price? Maybe. maybe not. Not the best game, but decent.Pros:Adorable, great character artincredible musicHunky dadsthe BEST inclusivity i've seen in a gameLike seriously there are like a million skin colors to choose from, you can be trans, you can choose to be an adoptive parent, and there is only one character even implied to be straightlike it made me so happyit's very fun to play with friendsDepth to the charactersMeh:Once you complete it there isn't much reason to go backTERRIBLE save systemThe endings feel a tad rushedYou have to hold down the fast forward button to ff, and there's no back if you screw upThe minigames are pretty pointlessThere are some bugs I ran into the first time I played although the rest of the times I didn't encounter anymore."
,Recommended,654880,33798526,Posted: 25 July,all,missbluesuede,"Honestly, I think the Dev team should be very proud of what they've accomplished. It's bright, colourful and filled with wonderfully multifaceted characters. Just when I think I've worked them out, I'm pleasantly surprised! I haven't finished it yet but it's been a lot of fun so far!I'm sorry that some people are so very rude and entitled after everything you've gone through to release this. I hope it doesn't put you off from making further games, because this one has been fantastic and I very much look forward to seeing what else you might create. :)Thank you!"
,Recommended,654880,33799222,Posted: 25 July,all,Guardy,"Tentative thumbs up from me - I'm having a ton of fun with this thing, but if you're going to enjoy it highly depends on your priorities. If you like your games technically solid and with intricate game mechanics, you might want to wait for a sale or pass on this entirely. If you're just here for goofy puns and ador(k)able and memorable characters and generally just want to have a good time, you'll definitely get all of that here.Good Things:Most of the art is fantastic, the 'voice acting' (varying noises, some dialogue snippets) is not all that exciting but... y'know, it works. I kinda like it.The characters are all amazing. I love all of them. Every single one. Not just the dads. Everyone. Yes, even That One.A lot of things in this game made me feel genuine Emotions(TM) - and usually very pleasant ones. It's adorable and occasionally a bit corny and full of awesome bad puns and I love it - most of the routes are also genuinely sweet and heartwarming. Bonus: The Player Character is my favorite kind of protagonist: dorky and painfully awkward but also really funny and actually oddly relatable.Bad Things:Unity. Visual Novel. WHYYYYY. I mean, I'm sure it's a novel (ha!) idea that affords one a large degree of freedom, but (apart from the relatively meh minigames), this game had nothing that Ren'Py or something similar couldn't have handled just as well... while also giving the devs a template for auto-skip and save options that are not a pain to use. Because yep, auto-skip and savefiles kind of suck in this game.Also, the player character graphics are... slightly awkward. Can I haz some pupils for my terrifyingly blank eyes, plz? Some very basic animation for the PC (smiling and not smiling, mostly) would have made more of the options a great deal more useful, too.Neutral Things:Relatively short, relatively basic. 15$ is a tad expensive for what it is, but I chose not to wait for a sale because I was too dang curious about this game. Note that my expectations were actually exceeded for once. Anyway, waiting for a sale might be prudent if you're not super eager to get this game."
76561198069670000,Recommended,654880,33798946,Posted: 25 July,all,Cyberwolf,"I honestly am loving the game so far! Its so cute and funny and I just can't wait to play it again! If you want to see just how fun it can be, here'smy playthrough of the first bit.I'm going to try to upload a video a day so if you want to see more, please feel free to subscribe!"
76561198268491831,Recommended,654880,33799330,Posted: 25 July,all,dramadoll08,"♥♥♥♥ man I love this game so god damn much. It's so amazing and beautifully made. I absolutly love games with lgbt+ themes and I love how inclusive the game is! (Also, people freaking out about Joseph...please chill...it's just a game...)"
,Recommended,654880,34453212,Posted: 23 August,all,xNikkiBluex,The My Chemical Romance references...... aaaahhh..
76561198236002076,Recommended,654880,34431563,Posted: 22 August,all,That Brutal Guy,"I absolutely loved this game! I gotta say, I low-key avoided it when it first came out because (as a gay guy myself?) it was really hard for me to believe that someone could make a gay-dad-dating-sim and not make it INTO a total joke. When I played it, though, I was pleasently suprised to find it was really well done!! The charcters are all pretty lovable, and the focus on healthy, loving relationships with both your dad-sona and your kid is incredibly refreshing. This game is the most shokingly wholesome game I've played in a very long time. Or maybe ever.This game is sort of like opening up a newspaper and expecting to hear bad news, only to find out that you've won the million dollar jackpot and also you're dating a super hot, amazingly competent hot dad. All and all, good stuff."
,Recommended,654880,33710418,Posted: 21 July,all,saerwenne,"the greatest love story ever told:""Bro"".""Bro! I'll be you bro till the day I die.""""Bro...""also featuring naruto fanfiction and cryptid hunting10/10"
,Recommended,654880,33912890,Posted: 30 July,all,MizuShiba,BE THAT DAD
76561198312362610,Recommended,654880,33990571,Posted: 3 August,all,输出靠吼,Content is good. Hopefully it'll support more languages
76561198066058713,Recommended,654880,33685802,Posted: 20 July,all,Nabrinax,Found the Daddy of my dreams and got used for sex. 10/10 would be emotionally torn again.
,Recommended,654880,34000823,Posted: 3 August,all,corvo,"This game, honestly, it's soo good!It did fulfill everything I ever wanted from a dating simulator. For starters: You're a dad dating other dads. I mean,  I love the concept already because we honestly don't get enough of gay people being normal people in games (or in anything). So I'm always down for that.Then you've get the chance to create your very own dad (and you can even be a trans!dad which ultimately makes everything better for around 3000%)The father-daughter relationship gives me honestly so much life. You can be SO supportive and thats just makes me happy on so many levels.The dadsona is surprisingly relateable in many ways (even though I do not get all of the references XD).The datable dads are great, some of them I didn't like very much at the beginning but after going out with them I fell for each and everyone.This is a qualitative dating game with also just the right amount of underlying horror theories that I needed. Not to mention the great humour.10/10 would dad again"
76561198376674489,Recommended,654880,33995360,Posted: 3 August,all,Mikelangelokey,"PLEASE GIVE ME A BETTER LOOKING DAD PLEEEEEASEI just want to be a dad who deserve all the perfect daddies and make his daughter proud( in facial way ).BUT HONESTLY THESE GUYS MADE A GREAT GREAT WORKI really enjoyed the drama part, the relationship between me and me daughter, the potential of dating with every daddy, all the wonderful stories written by all the incredible authors, thank y'all for bringing us this wonderful game.Btw, just wondering if there is gonna have a DLC or something, which NC-17 details included in the future.I mean, the descriptions of it in the game might not THAT enough for us...Anyway, great game to play, THUMBS UP."
76561198347805493,Recommended,654880,33742673,Posted: 23 July,all,Anneanbun,"I love this game. Although the background is simple, these characters are funny."
76561198166833757,Recommended,654880,33834199,Posted: 27 July,all,SecrecyKilled,"Personally, I expected more from this game. For 15 dollars, I don't feel like I got my moneys worth.-I would have liked a little bit more in depth dive into the characters background stories. You don't really have time to get attatched to the characters by the time you finish the game. I want to know more about their lives.-It's kind of short? Compared to other dating simulators, this game is short and a little disappointing.-Don't know why the tags say nudity and sexual content? There is none.The game is cute, the artwork is amazing, and the character designs are so good! I just would have liked to get to know the characters better."
76561198079691345,Recommended,654880,33871187,Posted: 28 July,all,sapphire.dachshund,"This is a wonderfully cute game chock full of Dad jokes and hilarious dates. It's very user friendly, beautiful to look at, and well written. I'm definitely gonna be dating all these Dads. :)"
,Recommended,654880,34003106,Posted: 3 August,all,SarcasticHawke,"In all honesty, I never review anything on Steam. But I felt compelled to write one for this title. I followed this game's progress since I first heard about it on Tumblr, and can say that I was not disappointed in the least when I bought and played it for myself. I don't regret a single dollar I spent on it, and I gladly would have paid more for the quality I received in return.Dream Daddy has some of the best representation I've seen in a game outside of Bioware titles. Not only can your main character be gay, bisexual, or transgender, there are NPCs in the game who fall under those categories, too. Each dad's story and personality are unique, which is amazing considering just how many of them there are. Their romances are written in thoughtful, considerate, and often downright hilarious ways and it has been a delight for me to go through and play each and every one I've chosen so far. I even liked all their children; how is this possible?!Speaking of children, your own daughter Amanda is one of the best written characters in the game. She's extremely relatable, realistic, and fun and I adored each and every one of our interactions. The banter between her and your main character is equal parts hilarious and emotional and I loved it. I kind of wish she interacted with your intended romances more often, though, or at least talked to you more about them like she did during Damien's route. That's my only complaint and it's a miniscule one.Other than that, I'll try to keep it short. The sountrack was catchy, the dogs were adorable as all hell, and the mini games didn't make me want to bash my head against a wall. 10/10 Best Game of the Year for me!TLDR:[PROS]- Fantastic LGBT+ Representation- Phenomenal Art Style- Fleshed out, Three-Dimensional Characters- Entertaining and Witty Dialogue that Remains Realistic- Mini Games That DON'T Make Me Wanna Die- That Music Tho...Dude...So GOOD- Manda Panda, Daughter of the Year- The Best Bro to End All Bros- Doggy Butt Pats- Knife Dad. He's my favorite.[CONS]- Too short, man! I'd adore some extra Date or Holiday DLC.- Joseph exists (he's a great character, this is not an actual complaint about his story, I just hate him as a person).- I didn't get to adopt a dog. Or cat. Who was responsible for this oversight? Was it Giacomo? I trusted Giacomo!![SUGGESTIONS]- Pet DLC; let me have my Dog/Cat!!- College DLC; lemme visit my baby at school!- Holiday DLCs; Halloween at least. So many possiblities...- Extra Date(s) DLC; I want more time with my Dream Daddy!- Lemme have an ending where I help Mary divorce that piece of trash calling himself her husband. She deserves happiness, dammit!Overall, I enjoyed this game and will recommend it to everyone I possibly can. And to the creators and writers who made it happen: just keep doing what you're doing guys, this game is fantastic. I look forward to seeing what else you come up with in the future."
76561198402831966,Recommended,654880,34012274,Posted: 4 August,all,dianasaurhunt,"cant click anything on the intro screen. tried reinstalling, nothing works. really love the game hope you can fix it soon"
76561198141635507,Recommended,654880,33983512,Posted: 2 August,all,MegsyMegsy32,"This game is so much fun! The art work is great, the characters are fun and quirky and the humor is to die for. If you haven't played yet, you need to get this immediately."
,Recommended,654880,34016818,Posted: 4 August,all,HiroshimaWasABlessing,"Traps are gay but, fortunately, dads are not"
,Recommended,654880,34023395,Posted: 4 August,all,Grandpappy.,"This is probably one of the best games I have ever purchased. If you're looking for a good gay dating sim this is the one you need, so many daddies to choose from! Only problem I have with this game is that there are not enough doggos."
76561198120134131,Recommended,654880,33841610,Posted: 27 July,all,Havelock,That was genuinely heartwarming :)
,Recommended,654880,34113531,Posted: 8 August,all,Ariashi☠,"Funniest game ever, Dating daddies, Cringe Daddy jokes, Hot Daddies ;^)...  11/10Lowkey wish Amanda was a datable character ;^)..."
76561198010635756,Recommended,654880,34277167,Posted: 16 August,all,kahn,"I bought this silly, cute-looking game because I was looking to play something silly and cute, and this dumb game made me FEEL THINGS and actually laugh out loud hard enough that my housemate came downstairs to see what all the fuss was about.  I CRIED.  YOU MADE ME CRY REAL TEARS, YOU DUMB GAME.  I love this dumb game.  I love it more than I thought I would, and I bought it at full price because I was already pretty sure I would love it.  If this game looks even a little bit interesting to you, PLEASE STRONGLY CONSIDER BUYING IT.  Because the writing is awesome and the characters are awesome and it's awesome."
,Recommended,654880,34276563,Posted: 16 August,all,Shansolos,"Not going to lie.. I thought this game was about something else! It isn't at all. What it is Is a really cute and hilarious interactive kind of click book game. It's almost like a Mills and boon's book! and I am totally immersed. And not going lie, I went to my best friend and wailed about the Bad Dad achievement! I now have the biggest crush on Craig! I highly recommend this game with a glass of wine, it's a game you can totally talk to the girls with and one I'm really enjoying."
76561198412838273,Recommended,654880,34279980,Posted: 16 August,all,lastone3997,I really like this game. I wish it was longer though with a little more adult flavor to it. The dads look pretty good.
,Recommended,654880,34049743,Posted: 5 August,all,Puppygut,"Top daddy content, jokes and puns but I especially love the characters. Having POC and trans people represented as well as the characters having really interesting, diverse personalities is a big plus for me. Bugs are getting fixed which is great but I do wish there was more gaming for the price paid. However happy to support just for the representation."
,Recommended,654880,34051769,Posted: 5 August,all,izzypew,"I love this game so much! I started watching youtube playthroughs by the big guys (Markiplier and Jacksepticeye,) and after a few episodes, I was like ""I have to buy this."" I was not disappointed. There are some things I hope for in the future as far as gameplay, but the game is still new."
76561198354624348,Recommended,654880,34270057,Posted: 15 August,all,kirstent,"Normally games of this format lose my interest quickly, but man was this a fantastic game.First, the replayability!! I've already played through this game 3 times and I will certainly play though it many more times. There's so many options/choices to make characters like you more, have successful dates, etc., and it keeps things interesting.I really have to applaud the dialogue in this game. There are so many games I've come across that have subpar dialogue. I kind of just got used to cliche or cheesy (not the good kind) writing, so when a game comes around that has superb writing, I just get even more enjoyment out of it. The dialogue kept me fully engaged in a seemingly simple game. It was a pleasant surprise, because again, this game format is normally quick to lose my interest.Honestly, I could go on and on about this game. I love it so much. The artwork in it is very charming, the dialogue is fantastic, the replay value is huge, and overall I certainly do not feel like I wasted my money purchasing this game. It's such a simple concept, and while this is technically a dating simulator on the surface, it's also so much more than that. This would definitely show up on a list of my favourite games, no doubt about it. The overall theme of the game, and maybe even the title of the game itself, could maybe lead people to not take this game seriously (if they went into it without any knowledge), but I would certainly recommend this game to anyone who might be on the fence about it, and just in general. This game was great, I honestly don't even have any complaints about it. I really, really would call this one of my favourite games that I've played, despite it being something I never would've considered playing. So glad I gave it a chance.Not gonna lie I even got emotional on some of the endings because of how invested I was (teared up at Robert's ending because wow I relate to the guy, minus the dad part lmao). I know I'm praising this game to high heavens so it sounds like I'm just a huge Grumps fan or whatever but truth be told, I know next to nothing about the Game Grumps. I know there's mixed reviews about this game, and yes, at the end of the day this is just a visual novel. However, the reason I'm praising this game so much is because I HATE visual novels. They don't engage me and I just cannot (and have no interest in) get into them. But this game just really gripped me. While I will say it can be quite short, I personally think there's a lot of replay value so I really don't mind the length of it.Of course this game will not be for everyone, and other people will have certain complaints that I won't, but that's what opinions are for! Overall, in my personal opinion though, this game was great. And I went into it with no knowledge and solely bought it because I was bored and saw part of a playthrough of it and thought why the heck not? I'm impressed, and I recommend people at least give this game a try."
76561198293153105,Recommended,654880,34048770,Posted: 5 August,all,hustleandcuss666,"I'm really enjoying this game so far, unlike other visual novels that I've played it's not very long, I like that the route you end up on doesnt necessarily depend solely on the choices you make from the start, which is something that always makes me kind of anxious about them. I wish it had like Mystic Messenger a neutral route in addition to the good and bad routes, it would add more complexity and game time, but for now I'm happy. I hope for DLC's in the future, which I hope would be R18 lmao"
,Recommended,654880,33721242,Posted: 22 July,all,lycanthony,"Finished mats storyline last night with the good ending, and I can safely say I reccomend thisPros:>interesting and funny dialogue>i also found the dialogue to sound pretty believable>nice character artwork for the datable dads>inclusive>a fair bit of replay value>likeable charactersCons:> Hugo's voice quality sounds extremely low compared to everything else in the game> your character looks like he's from an entirely different game/ also super odd options like  80% of the mouths have lips that look they've just been pumped full of botox and no neutral looking eyes/ can only have one piercing when in irl i have all of em>still don't know the different between Emma R and Emma P"
,Recommended,654880,33821503,Posted: 26 July,all,nekochxn,i never had a dad and now i have seven. very good 10/10
76561198046136594,Recommended,654880,34184661,Posted: 11 August,all,Darkangel,"This game is amazing. The stories are laugh out loud funny and the Dad's are just awesome all around. I loved collecting all the art after attempting to get perfect scores and the 'good' endings with each one, which was hard, but worth the time and effort. Each character is unique and loving, but my favorite has to be Damien.I would really suggest getting this game if you love dating sims. Game Grumps did a fantastic job.Also, Manda Panda -- I wish she was really my daughter. I'M ADOPTING THAT KID!"
,Recommended,654880,34094883,Posted: 7 August,all,Thespudster43,You know a game is good when you can't stop thinking about it! Everything I wanted and more; I need more haha10/10 would date them all again.Joseph is love Joseph life; lvl 18 and all <3
,Recommended,654880,34204332,Posted: 12 August,all,mathias.javal,"I had so much fun playing this! Had my eyes set on Craig and dated no one else, so I ended up finishing the game in just two hours! Would love to get an update to continue the story!! Already missing him! Great Job, I will pay for the sequel!"
,Recommended,654880,34207674,Posted: 12 August,all,EtherealJaz,"Completely in love with this game.So funny, and completely addictive.And so cheap for how long it is and how many times you can replay it.The Game Grumps did a great job! :)"
76561198250981784,Recommended,654880,33715048,Posted: 22 July,all,OldyMoldyBread,"great, heartfelt story line, very warming to see that they all dasona to  be trans as well as have a canon trans character, overall amazing game"
,Not Recommended,654880,33682072,Posted: 20 July,all,Loogs xoxo,"Not worth $15. Probably not even worth $10. The routes will all take 30 minutes or less, the endings are all varying degrees of unsatisfying (some of the guys will straight up dump you no matter what you do), and there's not a single event CG to see. Save your money, you deserve better than this halfassed mess."
,Recommended,654880,34145128,Posted: 10 August,all,Ragtime Cat,Robert Smalls is my Dream Daddy.
76561198257127391,Recommended,654880,34108154,Posted: 8 August,all,gemmaigoe1,I adore this game. I love how it represents the LGBTQ+ community and has dad puns! Like who doesn't love dad jokes and puns?
,Recommended,654880,33749970,Posted: 23 July,all,heatherjrock,Dad jokes: 10/10Craig's Butt: 100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10Would play again for Craig's superior dad arms.
,Recommended,654880,34106720,Posted: 8 August,all,FoolishPeasant,"This is a good game.Here is my tiers for the husbandos:S Tier- RobertA Tier- Brian and HugoB Tier- DamienC Tier- MatD Tier- D is for dudebro, CraigTrash Tier- Joseph"
76561198095799977,Recommended,654880,34229321,Posted: 13 August,all,The Oncoming Storm,$17 well spent
,Recommended,654880,34228271,Posted: 13 August,all,skillet,if you want a witty game that you can play mutiple times with diffrent outcomes you have found it
,Recommended,654880,34184386,Posted: 11 August,all,Mack,"Incredibly charming and fun, this is the daddiest game out there and it will make you smile (or cry, you choose) and giggle. The pun game is daddy. If you look close enough, you can see everything is related; I would keep my eye on future updates for something bigger than you think.Also, Robert is the dreamiest dad."
,Recommended,654880,34220481,Posted: 13 August,all,Ataraxia •,Already put a downpayment on a mansion so I can live there with my daughter and my newly acquired pack of daddies.10/10 Would become a dad
,Recommended,654880,34186459,Posted: 12 August,all,SeamstressAya,This game was a lot of fun. The stories are very humorous and touching. I very much liked the game's theme song and the transitions between the different character portraits. The squash and stretch effects where a nice subtle touch added to character art transitions.There are a few moments where the audio feels very unbalanced with the rest of the game. It seemed like 50% of the character Damien's audio clipped and it was clear that not everyone was working with the same equipment. This isn't a knock against  the game but it did distract from the game and I wouldn't recommend playing the game with headphones on.However I do wish that the developers had implemented a different kind of save game menu. Currently the game saves are all in one big list with the most recent at the top and the only way of telling what you were doing is a time stamp and a screen shot of the background. For a game with multiple endings I find that a numbered save system works much better. That way you can save the game at points in the story to easily remembered slots. I wouldn't say that this is game breaking in any way but it is frustrating when I have completed a route and want to go back to just after the character introductions.tl;dr: Great game! Minor audio complaints. Wish the save game menu were numbered slots.
76561198324846940,Recommended,654880,33683611,Posted: 20 July,all,Eldritch Apparition,Im pretty sure i like men now...achievement unlocked i guess?13/10 would reccomend
76561198186595157,Recommended,654880,34296663,Posted: 16 August,all,plasticbile,"Not really worth $15, but one of the daddies is a Tom Waits fan and that's all that matters to me."
,Recommended,654880,34229507,Posted: 13 August,all,cupofstars,"Okay, here's the thing: in order to like this game, you have to like visual novels.  If you don't like VNs or dating sims, you won't enjoy this game.  It'll probably have nothing for you (even if you love the Grumps).  If you don't like VNs, I wouldn't get this game at all, despite the hype.Now: if you do like VNs, this game is great.  It's very well written, laugh out loud funny in parts, and made my stone cold heart warm at times.  (I got teary-eyed.  I only cry once a year, what is this trickery?)  The artwork is gorgeous, and varied enough where you won't mind staring at it through each dating arc.  Because really, that's what visual novels and dating sims boil down to - am I taken in by the story?  Is the art good?  If you've checked yes and yes, then it's for you.There are a couple of things that I would improve.  I'd love the option to turn the music down or off entirely.  It's charming and cute, but after playing for an hour or so, it does bore into the skull.  I'd love to be able to adjust the text speed.  And (sorry, Vernon) there's still a few typos.Did this game reinvent the wheel?  No.  Is it deserving of all the hype it got?  Yes and no.  Of course, a ♥♥♥♥♥on of the hype is coming from the fact it's produced by the Grumps.  I love them as much as the next person, but if you don't like the genre of the game, having the grumps do voices isn't going to make you love the game.  Some of the hype I've seen comes from the fact that it's an inclusive game and handles LGBTQ themes with a lot of heart.  That is where I'd say it lives up to the hype.  I'm an Old Person on the internet, and I'm also an Old Person in the LGBTQ community, and I can say I legitimately never thought I'd see the day where a game like this would come out.  Thanks, game creators.TL;DR: This is a great first outing that has a lot of charm and heart.  This is a game for people who a) like VNs and/or dating sims, b) are aware there's LGBTQ themes in it and are okay with that (although I'd hope you would be from the title, but hey, reading comprehension can be difficult), and c) people who are obsessed with puns."
76561198183891646,Recommended,654880,34640088,Posted: 31 August,all,Qp1021,best game ive ever played
76561198066395412,Recommended,654880,34270190,Posted: 15 August,all,Godith Shadowind,THIS GAME IS TOO FRACKIN' WHOLESOME AND ENTERTAINING I CAN'T TAKE ITalso i have no idea how the date ponit system thing works or what it means
,Recommended,654880,33735135,Posted: 22 July,all,Sheananigans,"Extremely sweet, charming, inclusive and legitimately funny little game, as much about your relationship with your daughter and what it means to be a father as it is about dating other dads. I smiled pretty much nonstop while playing it and can't recommend it enough, I encourage everybody to support this game!"
,Recommended,654880,34071080,Posted: 6 August,all,Ｄｅｆｅｃｔ,"Needs a patch that let's you do it in the fish-ionary position with Brian.I'm so sorry, I actually cringed as I typed that..."
76561198161163617,Recommended,654880,34160727,Posted: 10 August,all,LunaElina,"Well wasn't this adorable! It's a very well rounded Dad Experience, 50/50 being a dad, and dating dads. The character creation is cute, but a little limited. Some of the minigames seem pointless: so what's the difference in results of making a wooden duck or a swan? But some are great - like the dance floor one."
76561198083504203,Recommended,654880,34148065,Posted: 10 August,all,CatFace,"This game is important.I played this for like five hours on someone else's pc before buying it myself. I only tried it because my Twitter and Tumblr feed wouldn't stfu about it and they were RIGHT. This game is intelligent, humorous and necessary.I've never been a fan of dating sims because it's so easy to get the result you want. My first two play throughs ended with the guys ditching me for other options. At the time I thought oh, they just don't have happy endings, but it was because I hadn't earned a happy ending. My Dad wasn't a good match. The Dads are written more deeply than their surface appearance and that's why people have developed such a love for them.I absolutely love that diverse sexuality is made completely normal in this game. No one is surprised about the characters orientation, least of all any of their children. Aside from that, it also puts a very human face on issues that come up in everyday life. After playing through my favourite Daddy's story line and turning to the internet for more content, I learned that the character was designed as trans. At no point did the game ever lead me to believe it (or maybe I just missed it) but I just thought, ""Oh cool, that's fine. That doesn't change how I feel, I still love him."" Which is kind of the point, isn't it? To know or not know, but to love that friend/colleague/lover anyways, since we're all simply complex people.Mechanics wise, there's not much to say. Select option, proceed. It's a dating sim, not WoW. The characters are well developed and the story is engaging. The mini games serve to break up any repetition.In the future I hope for more Daddy building options, like facial hair, a colour selection wheel and some more ""serious"" clothing options. More Dads would add more content. More mini games, especially references like the Pokemon style one. Part of me wants a ""life after epilogue"" type deal, but maybe no. Give me more of anything, I'll play it."
,Recommended,654880,34161577,Posted: 10 August,all,jumping_death,This game just makes me happy to play it it gives me hope in the future and its a very cute game and i love it so much.
76561198405657228,Recommended,654880,34160806,Posted: 10 August,all,vampirefoe,"It's really fun and there are still surprises depending on the chosen options. It would be great to have some expansions, maybe the options to even try match-making or something where my choices effect my outcome and other characters', too. I also wish there was a happier ending for Mary, she's great and deserves good things."
,Recommended,654880,33936507,Posted: 31 July,all,NieR-Sighted Guy,"TL;DR: Game is worth getting, but I'd say wait for a sale as it is only a few hours long.While I do recommend this game as It is cute, and the patch fixed most of my issues, as of writing this review, 1 of the Achievements is either glitched, locked, or impossible, and I have gotten almost all the achievments in less than 20 hours of gameplay. I did not rush through the stories, and I'm not a super fast reader, so this seems like a very light game.Love the characters, even the background characters with no art portraits are great.Also I hate this mini golf achievment, no offense to whomever came up with the mingame, but I hate it."
,Recommended,654880,33933884,Posted: 31 July,all,EasalMangoFoxtrot,A couple things;A) This game is cute as hell and really heart-warming. Yay!2) Are there some bugs in gameplay? Yes. Are they sometimes hilarious? Yes! Are the developers actively fixing them as they are reported? Yes! Yay!
76561198061665772,Not Recommended,654880,33752590,Posted: 23 July,all,Retroda3,"Did I like the game? Yes.If is a good dading sim/visual novel? No.This dating sim/visual novel has alot of problems but is still generally enjoyable. But overall it feels unfinished and there are many point in the story and routes where more could have been added in terms of writting. But what is there is good and enjoyable.The game does not match up with the hype and is disapointing in that regard but it can still be apreciated as a first game for a group. Still, that doesn't erase what is wrong with the game and the seemingly simple fixes that could have been made.Personaly, I hope the release either little bug fixes or new bits of story for the main plot or routes.you tried/10"
76561198201895855,Recommended,654880,33874740,Posted: 29 July,all,stanhousejc,"Personally, I think the game is great. It has a lot of good moments, but has some really sour moments that shouldn't be there. Some of the play throughs are really well done, but can be better. Speciffically, *SPOILER STARTS* Joseph's route. He is such a good character with a great story, but you never really get a 'good' ending, but instead he stays with his alcoholic wife and your just friends. I read the article titled ""Dream Daddy Creators Explain Why you Can't Smooch All the Dads,"" written by Nathan Grayson, wear Gray (women who worked on the game) said that ""Mary was intended to come off as a crappy person during Joseph's story, but you're meant learn (typo was in the article) about her more redeeming qualities in bits and pieces throughout other dads' stories. Taken as a whole, their portayal of her character was intended to get players thinking about how they play dating sims."" Little bit later in the article, she said "" [The goal] was to get people to analyze why they'd villainize her when, in reality, if you're dating Joseph, you're not exactly doing so hot yourself- and how her potentially cheating justifies you doing things with Joseph."" In Joseph's play through, you never learn anything good about her, and your supposed to learn  about her by dating other dads (yeah, go and date other dads at the same time to learn more about the wife of the first person you started dating, oh wait, isn't that cheating?). Through his play through, you find him not enjoying his relationship with Mary, and he even tells you ""Mary and I are over,"" which seems to have been happening for awhile, considering that he has been living in his yacht. Like what someone else said in their review, maybe you can put in a third ending on them all (yeah, only two ending per dad, even though that advertise there being 'multiple') where it's a 'maybe,' so around the middle. For Joseph, make his current 'good' ending his 'maybe' ending and having his actual good ending you and him being together. *SPOILER ENDS* Honestly, that was my main concern, but there are some other things. Sometimes, someone's noise would be played when talking to someone else. There were also multiple typos, like on Joseph's third date ""Joseph and got off the..."" (spoiler reasons). Also Hugo's audio has a worse quality than everyone else's (to me, it also sounds louder than others, but everyone else sounds good). This is all i got right now, might find some more things in the future. I hope this game gets polished up some more in upcoming updates, and along with more content."
76561198077508050,Not Recommended,654880,33752576,Posted: 23 July,all,Crimson(Lucus),"Although I did enjoy the comedy and game as a whole, its not worth the $15 pricetag.Take the closest thing to Dream Daddy HuniePop. A game with over 12 different lovers and hours of playtime to acheive total completion. But that was worth $10. There are other ""endings"" to each daddy but the mechanics to get them aren't explained to the player and only after I refunded my purchase did I find out abouth the sercet ending, one of the most dark twists that I've ever seen but not in a good way.When this game goes on sale definitly get it them but for now wait on your purchase."
76561198377531419,Not Recommended,654880,34406094,Posted: 21 August,all,jsbwrites,"Boring after a while, low quality dadsona, lack of full story, buggy. Not worth the money. I finished playing the day I bought it."
76561198170217082,Recommended,654880,33757403,Posted: 23 July,all,mcfreakinlostit,"I have only romanced Damien and Hugo but this game is so good, and I love Damien with all my heart and soul. The only thing I wish that could be better is the customization, or at least the PC having more facial expressions during the conversations and the routes were a bit longer. Other than that this game is amazing!"
76561198322728525,Recommended,654880,33758485,Posted: 23 July,all,erraticmusician,I love how inclusive this game is. I love how you can define your character's sexuality and gender and nothing about the story changes. I also love how fat body types are portrayed in a positive light. Only problem with this game: I thought it was just about banging hot dads. I didn't ask for all of these feelings. Or tears. Great game 10/10!(please send tissues)
,Not Recommended,654880,33845695,Posted: 27 July,all,AM2120,TL;DR... literally. I skipped a lot of the dialogue. At first I thought it was just the beginning that was going to be that way... it's not. I don't feel a connection to any one and I certainly don't feel like wasting time on this. Try it out but buy on sale.
,Recommended,654880,33875993,Posted: 29 July,all,And The Pickles,"So I've played dream daddy now for a while and I had a few suggestions to make the game better, things I've seen in otome having played way too many and things I don't see in this game that could make the experience better.-There are times where you'll greet a dad in the opening having never met them before you say yeah we've met, but you haven't.-There's a skip feature for text but you literally have to hold it down. Most otome have a skip feature that you have to click once it automatically stops at future choices or if you click it again.-There's no way to see backgrounds, generally most otome use the H key for hide to hide the textbox.-DLC content or additional content for the original price of extra dadbook dates with people who aren't the guys who live where you live, or additional dates with your bae that you picked after your daughter goes off to college. Like maybeGetting back together with Robert when he's got his life all settled, additional Joseph routes because we all know some people wanted him to keep cheating.-Maybe a non-binary parent option? For yourself or dead parent.-More hair and eye choices way more or a way to add it in via the steam community content.-Option to have more than one item on your face at a time, so all the piercings or additional piercings, maybe even different lipstick colors.-Gargoyles aren't actually Gargoyles since they do not drain water they're actually Grotesques, and Brian's shirt is an Aloha shirt not a Hawaiian shirt.These are things I think could improve gameplay in the future as someone who has played a lot of dating simulators. But overall this game is good and the endings seem more realistic than most otome I've played which is good and bad. Sometimes you just want that happy ending. Joseph is complicated. But I look forward to seeing more content if possible!! I had a lot of fun playing this and I'm gonna finish up the game and hope for some more awesome stuff. Thanks guys!"
,Recommended,654880,33889188,Posted: 29 July,all,RealMikePence,"Recommending this game barely won out for me. It is fun, but as a few people have said already, it feels pretty unfinished. I enjoyed it greatly and had a number of laughs (and even a tug on the old heartstrings), but there are a few things I need to say about it.First off, the content and jokes are great, the writing usually pretty spot on, but there are grammitical and spelling errors, and there are parts that don't gel depending on what you have or haven't done in the game. For a game that is all abount witty dialogue it is strong, but those little things can be annoying.Secondly Please Put In More Options For The Dadsona. Please. The ""six"" body types are actually three, but one half have a slightly different top (or hair/no hair). The facial hair options are horribly lacking! Where's my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ dad stubble or hipster goatee without needing the moustache? I could also say the same about the kind of weird mouth options. At least there's a suit with cats on.As for the routes? They're alright. Fun, the situations funny, the replies kinda batty (in a good way) some of the time, some of the more sincere moments really quite sweet. I would DIE for Amanda but a lot of the time I can't tell if anything I say to her has much of an impact on the story, despite being the closest person to you.Again, the writing is probably the strongest part, but I also feel that the routes do need to be a bit longer considering it's a £10.99 game, especially since some of the outcomes and decisions feel a bit...rushed?Overall, I'd still say around a 7.5/10. I had a lot of fun. I liked the dads (except Brian, damn you bragdad), and ultimately I have already recommended it to a friend if they want a good laugh. It's just a shame it feels like there could have been more."
,Recommended,654880,33893577,Posted: 29 July,all,Erlkonigstochter,"wonderful heartwarming game, very endearing with lots of dad puns. It's sadly pretty short, but replayability makes it worth it. I was also happily surprised to see that the protagonist was customizable!"
76561198408500506,Recommended,654880,33895666,Posted: 29 July,all,Nidia_loxa,i honestly love this game a lot because my friend had recommended it to me and i was s excited to play but it doesnt let me load and i dont know what the problem is and i was wondering if anyone can help me! but overall i recommend this game to someone who loves........daddies.
,Recommended,654880,33896608,Posted: 29 July,all,amberinoface,"There are many reviews saying that there isn't much replay value or that it is really short and I feel like they're from people who are probably not regularly dating sims fans. As a frequent dating sim/visual novel fan, this one ranks among my favorites. Each dad is unique and you don't have to commit super early or have a plan for success. My only qualm is with achievements, I wish there was a good ending/bad ending achievement for each dad instead of the current ""you've completely romanced X dad.""Btw, soft dad is best dad."
76561198408934663,Recommended,654880,33970238,Posted: 2 August,all,katiewoozle,"When i went to buy Dream Daddy, the amount of negative reviews on this page almost made me reconsider, especially since i've never been interested in any kind of dating sim before, but after playing it for a week, ive been really really loving it!Alot of the negative reviews were related to bugs and inconsitancies, which have now been fixed in the onging updates, such as the 'your mother/father' issue, and some of the minigames being unnessisarily hard.Also i saw some people raise the issue of bad grammar in some lines, and while i personally don't worry much about stuff like that anyway, i think some of it was just a stylistic choice (informal for effect, kinda like texting?). For example, the line '♥♥♥♥ MY KNEE!' would not be anywhere near as funny if it had the correct comma.The game is adorable, nice varied routes, interesting choice with the neutral endings for some characters, which i didnt expect but definitly didnt dislike. The only thing i found was the massive style difference between the datable dads and the dadsona can be a bit grating, espescially in serious/emotional scenes like when your consoling robert about his alcholism and then ur little anime gremlin dadsona pops up in the corner.Anyway, overall I think the game is really funny and thoughtful; everything the creators promised us with the initial description :) Definitly recommend!!"
,Recommended,654880,34008335,Posted: 3 August,all,fabiolaongay99,This game's existence is worth it because Damien Bloodmarch's the best character ever and we all love him
76561198139843776,Recommended,654880,33835652,Posted: 27 July,all,tentakel,"Very cool game, extremely sweet and uplifting - something I haven't seen in a while. Makes me wish I had a father like one of those daddies, they're great. Craig's my definite favourite.I really love the art of all the dads but I honestly wish that the character artist would work on ALL designs, including the player's character.The game is well made and extremely fun, although it IS painfully short, I expected it to be way longer for 15 euro. I really wished I could go on a few more dates after the first three ones. Also maybe some more interactions with other kids? To be honest I wish there was the cult ending available - I personally think it would make the game a little bit more twisted and mysterious. Nonetheless, a great project, good job guys!"
,Recommended,654880,34088190,Posted: 7 August,all,perpetually online,nearly brained myself on a punchbowl 10/10
,Not Recommended,654880,33751765,Posted: 23 July,all,comardo,"Alright, I've got around 8hrs clocked in and have finished all the routes once so I think I'm ready for my verdict on the game.I did like several parts of Dream Daddy, the writting is charming and the art (though your ""dadsona"" looks very out of place comparied to everyone else's avatars, which can be very comical) is really really nice, some of the gallery photos are stunning. As a transgender man myself it warmed my heart learning one of the characters is too. I was also sobbing away several times before the dates began because of the moments with Amanda. I'd never had the chance to see myself as a possible parent before, and the Dream Daddy team got me right in the heart with the prologue.Onto the dating, some of the storylines are very enjoyable and interesting to go along. Though even with the storylines that I really enjoyed, they feel very rushed with how the writting lays out the content of the dates. That plus the sublte time skip between second and third dates can make the emotional jumps the characters make odd for the player.For replayabiliy, I noticed (I think because I played multiple routes at once) that some dialogue seems influenced because I played other routes.Example; At the end of Hugo's route talking to Ernest at the party, he referenced when I ran into him during Robert's route. This doesn't seem like enough of a difference that I'd want to play any route again, but it was an intersting touch.One of the biggest problems is the price. $17 (CAD) is way more than I'd pay for any visual novel this buggy, and this short.Sprites appearing in scenes they dont belong in (had this happen with Joseph's twins, Amanda, and Brian's daughter) Characters making noise when they aren't supposed to or aren't even in the current scene. During Damien's third date everytime he spoke two (DIFFERENT) pieces of his audio would play. With the audio problems it makes me wish not only the music could be turned off but the voices too. (And Hugo's audio quality... oh boy)I believe it's the save and load features that makes the audio and sprite problem worse! (Or at least I believe the glitch is tied to that) As if I loaded a scene while playing the game there would be absolutely no music until the next piece of music/bg noise was to come in. (or I'd have to reload 6-10 times or restart the game to get the audio back in that part.)All in all, I did enjoy Dream Daddy. Their team did an overall great job for their first game, I followed along them pushing back the date and struggling to get the game up.I'm also not implying this is a bad game, but at the moment I wouldn't reccomend the game as it is. I'd say wait for a sale or for them to work out all the bugs the game currently has. I'm gonna go try to play some of the infuriating minigames to wrap up my Dream Daddy experience!"
76561198059745883,Recommended,654880,33754024,Posted: 23 July,all,Grumpy,I'm glad I stopped listening to whining people online and actually tried the game myself because it was really great
76561198023514143,Recommended,654880,33823184,Posted: 26 July,all,A Clockwork Orange Juice,One of the funniest games I've played in quite some time. Stunning.
76561198041952298,Recommended,654880,33841958,Posted: 27 July,all,Darkavar,daddy
,Recommended,654880,33709954,Posted: 21 July,all,Demonaide,"Truly this is the best psychological horror game in the market, I died at least once, maybe more."
,Not Recommended,654880,33678080,Posted: 20 July,all,PussyDestroyer27,"Caters to a very specific group of people, I'm not in it.Also there is no voice-acting.EDIT: I gave this game a negative rating the day it came out and no one agreed with me, now the majority of the reviews are negative. Welcome to my world."
,Recommended,654880,33680545,Posted: 20 July,all,ReallyTheEmster,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ if I do say so myself.
76561198050208676,Recommended,654880,33684868,Posted: 20 July,all,Celios Starbane,I love this game so much I'm crying.
,Recommended,654880,33684852,Posted: 20 July,all,Heartsatyr,Do you like visual novels? Do you like endearing writing? Do you want a really ♥♥♥♥ing cool daughter? Play Dad with your Dad simulator 2017 and ♥♥♥♥ing love every minute of it.
76561198291189630,Recommended,654880,33697595,Posted: 21 July,all,epicsaveroom,"It's funny, a lot of times takes itself seriously it seems.  Mostly text reading, sometimes you'll get a mini game.  Voice acting is sparce, like usually just ""Hey"" and one word lines.Made by the game grumps, a lot of inside jokes.  Not bad.  I would say $15 is a bit much though for basically some drawings and funny dialog, no full animated motions, no full voice over.  But what do I know.Played it live over here:youtube.com/gamebound"
,Recommended,654880,33697124,Posted: 21 July,all,JakeHercy,This game reminds me that Dads can be wonderful and human and makes me wanna call up my dad and tell him I love him.
,Recommended,654880,33697526,Posted: 21 July,all,remy.tegan,"I've spent almost 12 hours trying to date this damn hot daddy, and i plan on dating all the dang daddies! 10/10 would dream about these daddies!"
,Recommended,654880,33910935,Posted: 30 July,all,föx,"An amazing game with very cute dads and visuals. I love this game and might be getting a bit too obssesed... Well nevermind about that, you should seriously consider getting it."
76561198398106547,Not Recommended,654880,33908967,Posted: 30 July,all,joeastbury96,"The game plays but the backround is missing in certain sequenses and i can't see any of the dialouge choices, it is well written but i can barely play it."
76561198313588436,Recommended,654880,33850194,Posted: 28 July,all,FoxNoteGaming,"Honestly, I love this game to pieces but have ONE BIG PROBLEM, so here are my two cents and why I struggle to recommend it.It's a wonderful game with loveable characters that have genuine personalities and believable lives that I just fell head over heels for. However there is one route (which is not bugged) that nearly ruined the game. The creators made this route to make us think about how we play dating sims and how we just expect to win every heart by saying the right things, but when I played it, all I got from it was a waste of time. Dating sims are fantasies where us average protags somehow win the hearts of every idealistic romantic interest, no matter how out of our league they are. To put in this end, in the way that they did, not only seems like a slap in the face to say ""you should feel bad for wanting to have some impossible happiness"" but it has also hurt those that identified with the dad in question due to the way it was handled.With all that being said, all other routes were wonderful, I love the art and the characters so much. There were no other endings that bothered me. For these reason I struggle to reccomend the game on the basis that all the other routes are good, but the one nearly had me uninstalling the game.Read other reviews and look up other peoples posts on this game before committing.ps. Damien is bae. Robert is angsty bae.---Spoilers and Ranting Below (Troublesome Route)---Link to Article on the creators:https://www.kotaku.com.au/2017/07/dream-daddy-creators-explain-why-you-cant-smooch-all-the-dads/#gZBqkitkvwMt3VLk.991. I never demonized Mary. I wanted to be her friend and for her to be happy.2. I never wanted to break up their marriage, I felt bad for having all those impure thoughts about Joseph, but I sure as hell didn't want them to remain in it if they hated each other. Staying together when you hate the other person to the point where you willingly flirt with others/cheat on them is not good for anyone - especially not the children.3. I wouldn't care if Joseph's route went the way of Robert's where they had to 'work out their feelings' and Joseph couldn't be sure that anything would come of your relationship with him for a while. HELL, I don't care if it's implied he never ends up with me. But saying that he's going to stay with Mary hurt me because it just meant they were going to be miserable, and I don't want that either.4. This is a dating sim. This is a fantasy. We know that all of this would never happen, we just want to escape reality and be happy for a little while. So thanks for denying us that."
76561198088979908,Recommended,654880,33708733,Posted: 21 July,all,Sugarfruit33,"Humor aside, this game is extremely fun. The character connections grow very strong as you play, and the writing is absolutely fantastic. The humor makes it better. This is a must-have if you like dating sims."
,Recommended,654880,35170785,Posted: 23 September,all,videonastiez,"pure game,, good characters and jokes and representation it good"
,Recommended,654880,35433397,Posted: 2 October,all,Pennywise's Balloon Weiner,i want robert to beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me
,Recommended,654880,33690365,Posted: 21 July,all,KatnipHigh,"Despite having to get moderately vague details about the dads when you are dating them, it's pretty nice to have a fun experience with them. The scoring system, imho though, is pretty pointless (ironic dad pun). Has potential for additional content that would make this game more interactive, or more dads really. Only one dad I've dated so far has any fun and interactive segments, so being able to provide that aspect to all dads would improve the gameplay. Overall, enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,654880,33678083,Posted: 20 July,all,NostalgicHipster,"Despite the delays, my daddy came home from his trip to get ciggarettes."
,Recommended,654880,33794372,Posted: 25 July,all,Neko,This game has everything you need!-hot dads-gay shmex-more hot dads-even more gay shmex-a loving daughter-dogs-Hot dads ;^)
76561198406416296,Not Recommended,654880,33696863,Posted: 21 July,all,Gale,"Robert is fuxxking charming. I fell in love with this character on the first sight. BUT Idk what happen to the plot. I finished the Robert route. And guess what. I just spent fifteen dollars MAKING FRIEND WITH HIM, because once I hooked up with him, THEN EVERYTHING TURNS TO SHxT. Even in the perfect end, I just became a friend of him. I mean, we can't be together, that's OK. But no kissing, no holding hands,  even not a single photo of us just standing together? Really? Oh, I just remember my daughter is a photographer.And for the building, none of the eyes are good. And If there is not a single chance to show the full shot of player's own character, why should I built the body??? Also the voice is wired, it doesn't match the character's action sometimes."
76561198069439062,Not Recommended,654880,33727546,Posted: 22 July,all,Lady Ebonweave,I had to get a refund of my copy as it did not work.
76561198258909435,Not Recommended,654880,34155034,Posted: 10 August,all,LittleFlame,like i like how the game goes but i think there are to little options which bore me
76561198167169136,Not Recommended,654880,34136492,Posted: 9 August,all,totally not the winter soldier,"I was excited because I learned you could be trans (which is AWESOME!) but it gets really repetitive and wasn't what I expected. I feel like I wasted $15. If it was less than maybe I would be feeling different but honestly? Nah. I haven't been satisfied with the dates I've gone on and I watched streamers play this game and the endings seem really boring. I'm mostly playing to get all the achievements at this point. Obviously, there are good points. But the game isn't what I thought when I bought it. I have to agree with some other reviews- gay men don't seem to be the target audience of this game."
76561198307850198,Not Recommended,654880,33734444,Posted: 22 July,all,rpergirl12397,"Game was not as it advertised itself. Happy ending not actually thing for the character I wanted to romance after all. Waste of money. Do not reccomend unless you're looking for a horror movie. I wanted something sweet and happy. Either way, this company will not ever be getting mu money again and I will never reccomend it to anyone. I wish I could get a refund and forget ever looking forward to this game."
76561198063832644,Recommended,654880,33816055,Posted: 26 July,all,myfineasymptote,"I love this game so ♥♥♥♥ing much. YOU CAN MAKE! DAD PUNS! YOU ARE A DAD!!!Your daughter Amanda is so ♥♥♥♥ing adorable. REAL FRIENDS DON'T TREAT YOU SO ♥♥♥♥♥♥, HONEY. Maybe it's cuz I was a teenage girl once, but god. You can be such a great ♥♥♥♥ing dad. I'm so happy. I'm kinda drunk.GO! SEDUCE ALL THE DADS!!! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!!!!"
,Recommended,654880,33803903,Posted: 26 July,all,`LAQUEEDA 乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚`,GOTY material
,Recommended,654880,33687450,Posted: 20 July,all,gaynji,10/10 would date hot dads and help my daughter through a very emotional time again
,Recommended,654880,33826298,Posted: 27 July,all,Ktaclysm,"It's cute, it's fun, it made me laugh, and it made my eyes water. There are some technical things that could have been better, and I was left wanting more story (three dates just isn't enough), but the writing is touching and it's one of those games I'd go to to feel better and to laugh after a particularly rough day. No buyer's regret here.Also I love my daughter so damn much."
,Recommended,654880,33710755,Posted: 21 July,all,Hyoid,Just a Dad-tastic game
,Not Recommended,654880,33756033,Posted: 23 July,all,Moose_711,"If you like sad endings where you don't end up happy even when you get the good ending....buy this game. This whole game is a troll of gay people and their relationships.Also, to the developer, the player character you can build looks like a cartoon, while all the men you can date are bombshells.  And there's no real costume changes for the scenes where you go on further dates with character, even when they're described in different costumes in game. It's very confusing...and kind of irritating, to be honest.  Why does Brian have a shirt free scene but not Joseph or Robert?  The inconsistencies are frustrating.+Great art+Great writing+Great daughter character+Relatively easy to get good endings+Minigames were all really fun-customization is mostly a joke in this game-you will feel sad after completing most endings, good and bad-There's no one true ending (or truly good ending, they're all kind of a sad compromise on how gays never end up happy apparently)-This isn't really a dating simulator in the sense most games are, you don't really build up stats the same way"
76561198137260615,Recommended,654880,33738665,Posted: 23 July,all,Mortonak,"I got this game a few days ago and I'm absolutely in love with this game. I'd probably give it an 8.5-9 in its current state! The dialogue is adorable, the drawing/animation style for the dads was perfect, and it really seemed like the game devs put effort into making some well rounded characters. Some characters I found had better stories than others, particularlyRobertwho i loved the third part of very very much. The humour was right up my alley, and the dialogue for the protag dad (your character) was just as I imagined my 'dadsona' to be.Now i must say that the length of the game was somewhat weak, i finished the routes for two of the characters, and got halfway through three others. The drawing style for your own dad is rather drab and at least interrupted my own playthrough sometimes. The voice acting as well needs a bit of work, and if the game had been released completely without it, the game might have been better..The issues others have found with *ahem* certain cryptid routes i feel are unfounded, and honestly this game feels great and inclusive.Overall i loved the game, but the length was weak and the game definitely needs some additions or DLC asap. I would recommend this game very much."
,Recommended,654880,33889308,Posted: 29 July,all,Hippykinss,"Definitely worth $15. I didn't expect to end up putting 20 hours into the game trying to get the bad endings, good endings, and secret endings. You can tell it was made by Game Grumps from the jokes and Easter eggs. There were areas where it could improve, such as changing the scenery more often, actually changing their clothes when they talk about their clothes being changed, things like that. However it was a wholesome game (until I learned about the creepy lore inside) that I enjoyed and I hope to see updates and DLC's."
,Recommended,654880,33878382,Posted: 29 July,all,Neverim,"Touching routes, Strong personalities, fun/casual minigames = worth $15especially if you're familiar with the VN marketIt will seem short and inadequate to those who prefer mobile VNs and that payment scheme.Pros:- Art is good- Story is intriguing and relatable, can make you cry and love on your daughter- Quality EndingsCons:- Fixed Dadsona Personality (It was really awkward and my first run pretty much triggered my very uncomfortable social anxiety and had to take a break)- Probably need more customization options, too many ridiculous cartoony options that don't sync with the rest of the art- Expectations > Reality: Voice acting (what you'd expect with $15), Promotional material made me hope for... well more in terms of relationship (something a little more R-rated than Bad Dad and handholding ends)Wants:- Personality options for: Dadsona, Daughter- Dadsona Background options: Son/Daughter, +Divorce/+Married- More interaction with Daddies' kids (eg Lucien)- After-Route Story Development (Living together? Family outing? Give me a Honeymoon scene plllzzz)Overall it's great and I don't regret (after the first anxiety attack I mean...) supporting the game and developers and hope the game will have sequels/DLCs. I mean, for the price, the quality is good as is. But once you've tasted it...It's like having only one slice of greasy pizza."
,Not Recommended,654880,33732561,Posted: 22 July,all,Spelt,"I generally really enjoyed this game but that enjoyment was heavily soured by the fact that *spoilers ahead* my dream daddy, seemingly no matter what, ends up staying is his very unhealthy emotionally abusive relationship with his alcoholic, serial cheating wife who shows no compassion for her own children.that was HEAVILY disappointing/frustrating.I really cannot recommend the game if you had any interest in dating Joseph, but otherwise the game is pretty charming and fun. Though it would be really nice if there were a decent amount of customization options, because right now they're very limited."
76561198137578431,Not Recommended,654880,33754012,Posted: 23 July,all,Dead_man_inc_gaming,"I liked the Daddies, dialogue and i thought the character art style was cute.but it was hard to feel attached to any of the charaters. you only get to go on three short dates with them then the game is over. I thought there were going to be more endings. There is only two.I also didn't like that we were constanlty being told what was happening in a scene instead of being shown. The backrounds and character models and don't change much during certain parts. if im playing catch i want to see my character with a ball and if we are driving it would be nice to see some changes in the scenery."
,Recommended,654880,33683047,Posted: 20 July,all,Booty Hunter,This game is wild( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198338470940,Recommended,654880,33683017,Posted: 20 July,all,Sunna,so much puns!!!!!
76561198405669311,Recommended,654880,33750858,Posted: 23 July,all,terrible2sauras,"GOOD, GOOD, GOOD, This game is so GOOD.Yes the routes are rather short, but the game is well written and your character actually has a personality!! At least, the other dating games I've played don't really do that and if they do it's usually barely anything or it's really pathetic but your character in this game makes jokes, and actually has conversation, and they have other things going on in their life than just trying to get in other characters pants, like being a good and cool dad for their wonderful daughter (she's so wonderful I  love her). Plus, even though they have a set personality, it's so well written that I feel like you can still create your own personality in the game with all the different answer options they have available.The dates are so fun! A lot of them have interactive mini games and they can be rather challenging but I never tire of playing them over and over again, (especially Mat's first date game, MUSIC IS GREAT). I can't stress enough how fun I, personally, find the dates with all the characters, they are so different, nothing is the same between the characters they are each unique and, again, the writing, the conversation? So cute and often funny.DIVERSITY, so much wonderful diversity, and not to mention you get to CREATE YOUR OWN CHARACTER; his body shape, eyes, nose, mouth shapes AND color, skin color, LOTS of different hair styles, Lots of clothing options, and you can even choose between freaking body hair or not and other little things! I think it's wonderful how personal you can make your character, I don't know any other dating game that has that option.It's hard to wrap my mind around that such a great and well functioning and well written and overall amazingly made game was created in just a year (and a half?)!  It never lags or glitches for me (so far) and the art style is so nice to look at.11/10 would recommend :)"
76561198021096217,Recommended,654880,33685769,Posted: 20 July,all,Styx,"Dream Daddy is a wholesome, well written and engaging visual novel/dating sim. It's well worth what it costs. The characters are all unique and likeable and interesting. The writing is also very witty at times. The artwork is vibrant and colorful. Each of the dating paths are very unique and charming.*NOTE* It's important to note that Dream Daddy is a PC, PG kind of game. It a family-friendly affair meant for a much broader audience, so much of the dating is toned down.  It reads and is presented like a family-friendly TV show. This is not a bad thing, it's good to see a gay dating sim that can appeal to a wider audience. There are Mature/explicit dating sims out there and then there are games like this, which are much more PG. Variety is the spice of life and Dream Daddy will appeal to a much wider demographic.Dream Daddy at it's core is about family and the love of that family, moreso then the love of the two daddies. It's full of love and wholesome dialogue.Still, some may go into this expecting a hardcore gay dating sim. This is not that. If you want a more explicit/mature gay dating sim, check out Coming Out On Top.  (Great mature/explicit dating sim).If you want a wholesome dating sim filled with heart that just happens to be between dads. Dream daddy is perfect."
,Recommended,654880,33775489,Posted: 24 July,all,Old Hubba,DreeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAMMM~daddy~craig is best don't @ me
,Recommended,654880,33775703,Posted: 24 July,all,ChameleonDildo,Fantastic game!
76561198182035133,Recommended,654880,33960852,Posted: 1 August,all,1200 ants,THIS IS THEH BEST AFME IVE EVER P[;AUED I 11/10 RECOCMMEMEND PSLE WSSE GGBUY THIS GAME UFSHO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!1!11!111!>:;2z;k'wpf jf'lwf
76561198031518359,Recommended,654880,33703746,Posted: 21 July,all,HROO HRAA,"This game has a kind of charm to it, the art is great, the music is good, some of the minigames are good.but what I disliked the most is how sensitive or downright quick-time-event like some of the minigames are, and how some mini games have a huge flaw.Like with the penguin minigame. I knocked the penguins out of my view, thinking they'd not be able to get out from above, turns out they don't even need to get out through the door, but they can go through the ♥♥♥♥ing wall that's out of your view/reach.and with the mini golf game you dont even get to control anything, all you have to do is wait for that .001 second golden moment that gives a hole-in one. With me it went so fast that before I could consider what angle was the best (after spending a long time trying to figure out where the angle would take the ball) I had apperiantly ran out of time and the ball was hit without me promting it.It's already hard enough to consider a good angle without not being able to control anything and the angle on which you look out on the minigolf course, but add an invisible timer to the mix and you're just making it downright unplayable.I had to restart it a few times since I couldn't believe it went that fast.In the end I just had to stop playing since it gave me a headache trying to figure out the angle while it was constantly moving and I could barely keep up.This minigame wasn't fun at all. So I hope the creators will read and consider this.. because if you take away the control of the swing and place where it will hit, please make sure it isnt timed so you can actually get a chance to adjust and not freak out since there's an invisable timer! Or else give the control to the player and put the timer in there, Cause then you can find that angle on your own speed and all you need to worry about is finding it in time.despite all this I still think it's a nice and quirky game, but seriously tho, reconsider some of the controls in those minigames, please."
76561198407524327,Not Recommended,654880,33980249,Posted: 2 August,all,clairethebeastmaster,it does not work can get past the date its annoying
76561198051769697,Recommended,654880,33931202,Posted: 31 July,all,Enceladus,"I fell out of a ferris wheel and died, 10/10."
76561198305763279,Recommended,654880,33828372,Posted: 27 July,all,MarMarBinxxx,Got my heart broken into 10 million pieces so 10/10 for realism.
76561198295952395,Recommended,654880,33871599,Posted: 28 July,all,xochepie,"This game was adorable and I loved the pictures after you finished each route. The stories were cute and relatable and I love the character Amanda, she is the perfect daughter. I would hope to see a good ending with Joseph come up next if you were planning on updating it. Also because I have no life (and finished this in 2 days) I would love more expansions on each character to get to know them more. But overall a wonderful game, keep up the good work!"
76561198042378983,Recommended,654880,33768381,Posted: 24 July,all,swagmeister ciel phantomhive,"Dream Daddy is one of the most charming dating sims I've ever played or watched.While the game has its faults (read: a few bugs that should be expected from a game that came out less than a week ago), the good aspects of it outweigh the bad. It has a snarky sense of humor, wonderful graphics, and an interesting story. It's pretty cool that the team added more options for the MC's backstory--it makes the game  that much more immersive. Additionally, the romanceable characters are all lovely and they end up being different from what you first expect of them.Even though this game is a *dream* come true for me, I didn't like how short it can be IF you only go on dates with one person. That being said, my first run took me around four hours, and subsequent runs were much shorter. I defintely recommend getting the most of this game by going on dates with multiple people and choosing one at the end. Then, of course, there are those bugs and typos that bother me, but I'm willing to patiently wait for a patch on that front, because the game is worth it!Overall, I'd rate this 9.5/10!"
76561198067386239,Recommended,654880,34175560,Posted: 11 August,all,lena.ldh,"I never write reviews, but this game... OH, MAN... this game!!!I LOVE THIS GAME!!!Why? It's cute, funny, emotional and has SEVEN hot dads you can smooch. I played it fully after it's first update, which ironed out some things that bugged me (like errors in the story.)OK, OK, I'll sell you this game some more!It was dad-jokes and pun galore up in this *****! (I secretly love dad-jokes and puns, but don't tell my dad! It's my duty as his child to hate his jokes.)The relationships were really good, especially between you, the customisable dad, and Amanda, the daughter.I got the Dreamiest Dad achievement, because I wanted to see all the endings with the dads. Time well spent, I say!PEACE"
76561198273558214,Recommended,654880,33701595,Posted: 21 July,all,proteus,"I cannot express how much I love this game! the dialogue is so hilarious, and all the dads ar cute as hell and have such interesting characters! There are a few flaws, but overall the game is very enjoyable and a blast to play.~CURRENT BUGS/MAJOR FLAWS~-Joseph's good ending is bugged out and unachievable at this time.-On Craig's second date, Joseph's twins will stay on screen, no matter what.-There is no fast forwarding option on Robert's good ending third date-Hugo's voice needs to be edited by adding more bass, equalizing it, and lowering the pitch and amplification-Music will change or stop when loading in a save-Amanda's bad ending is currently unachievable because of either bugs, or lack of options.Other than this there are no game breaking bugs, and these can/will be easily fixed soon! (hopefully)"
76561198102796173,Recommended,654880,33713387,Posted: 21 July,all,thompson.barb14,Omg i have been so excited about this being released and i could not be happier with how it turned out! Everything i wanted and more. If youre expecting a dating sim full of sex and kissing and such this isnt what youre looking for. It IS full of handsome dads but the dates you go on with them are heartwarming and on each one you bond more and more with your daddy of choice. I have only completed Mats story so far but if theyre all as adorable as his then i will be ecstatic. Each character has a back story or secret that is very different from each character. Overall im amazed at how perfect and clean it all is from the art style to the writing to music and the minigames thrown in were not expected but greatly enjoyed and helped keep it interesting and not just dialogue. Very Pleased. Will woo all the daddys!!!!
,Recommended,654880,33718011,Posted: 22 July,all,Brandykins1982,"I got my Dream Daddy (Robert), but will play through the rest of the Daddy Dates to see how they pan out. The game is short if you stick with one dad, but if you go out on the dates with all the dads, the game will have replayability value to see how all the Dream Daddys stack up to the initial one you end up choosing. Before choosing Robert, I went out on one Mat date, one Joseph date, one Brian date, two Craig dates, and two Damien dates.To sum this game up, Dream Daddy is a dating sim. That's the short of it. You move with your daughter, Amanda, to a cul-de-sac inhabited by other single dads. You go out on dates with them (2 initial dates, and then the third decides your Dream Daddy), all the while still being a dad to your daughter and sharing all the good times with her...and all the bad.I went into this game expecting something goofy and off-the-wall. Surprisingly, I was wrong, but in a good way! The animations were charming, the characters were well-designed, the dialogue was funny, quirky, and had heart and soul put into it. I was surprised at how much I connected with Dad and Amanda, as well as with my dad of choice. The writing I have to say is this game's biggest strength.The voice acting (funny Sim-like grunts and various short phrases) fit the tone of the game, though I did not care for the way Hugo's voice was recorded (it sounded like it was in a tin can). Also, there are some times where your character says to a dad that a certain thing happened and you didn't come across that moment in the game yet/at all, and it breaks the immersion experience a bit.To me it was worth the money I spent on it. If you want a game with heart behind it, and a game where you can get some laughs, play Dream Daddy. It is well worth your money...and your time. :)"
,Recommended,654880,33964289,Posted: 1 August,all,Xavix,"NOTE: my internet was out when I played this game so I actually spent around 10 - 14 hours on this game... still not 100% done yet just did Brian and Robert endings. Also this is spoiler free.TL:DR- Game was very good and worth the money if you can connect with characters... Each story is interesting to a point it just depends on your personality so you'll like characters completely different than I did. I think I vented too much in my full review so hopefully the TL:DR inspires you too purchase the game as it is a very good dating sim lol.This was a very entertaining game to play in all honesty... I've dated everyone 2 times and then for Brian and Robert I did the third date. The comedy made it very relaxing and the feeling towards characters drew you into wanting to learn more about them all. Obviously this game is meant to have the story YOU want so you might not agree with everything I have to say here. A lot of the characters lacked development or honestly anything interesting about them... Some dates were enjoyable while others were so horrible that I regreted dating them 2 times. A perfect example would be Joseph. Now im not religious so maybe thats why I didn't like him but jesus he is so serious about everything and never seemed to progress as a person... you learn about him and his marrige situation which honestly isn't a huge shocker... The only reason he was semi tollerable was because of his wife and children as he lacked as a character. I used to be cool now I'm married... got it thanks man! Maybe if I finished his story and find out his endings I would change my mind but he just seems to lack (trying not  to spoil sorry guys!) I mean I guess I just connected more with Brian and Robert as the other characters did very little for me. Now the plus side of the game had nothing to do with the dads... it was the daughter, Amanda. She was by far my favorite character in this game so alot of the dads I ended up liking were the ones she played a part in... If you do Brian's route you'll see what I mean. While the endings for Robert and Brian, in my opinion, were very... disapointing (not how I wanted it to end lol) ... I did enjoy seeing Amanda happy at the end which made it very rewarding (if you take the good path with her). This game with worth the money though as if you do find the characters you like you will enjoy the game. Very much like real life I guess you just gotta find the right guy to be happy... lol."
,Recommended,654880,33964377,Posted: 1 August,all,darth,"I feel that there is a bit...too much Amanda. And the minigames could use some explanation before throwing the player into them. But, other than that, I really like this game. Lots of dialogue (the dates are way longer than I imagined they'd be), plenty of dad options, and awesome character designs."
,Recommended,654880,33966710,Posted: 2 August,all,caseatsass,"The game is funny and enjoyable, one of my favourite games in all honesty."
76561198198987749,Recommended,654880,33735014,Posted: 22 July,all,meme disaster,"A game that provides the daddiest of all the dads. Truly superb. Go recommend it to a friend, mom, grandma, that weird second cousin, and most importantly...a dad."
,Recommended,654880,34340481,Posted: 18 August,all,GoldenLies,"I overall liked this game... Even though the cons seem longer, I just wanted to elaborate.Pros:-Dad customization. Good selection of styles. I like that in the intro, I get to kinda set up my Dad's backstory.-Dad jokes. I'm a sucker for punny.-Maxwell the corgi. If I could, I would've dated him instead. AHAHAHA.-Minigames make the novel based experience a lot more interesting.-Character art excelled and was very consistent.-The writing was comedic and kept me hooked.-Quirkiness.Cons-The backgrounds feel rushed and unfinished and the quality varied a lot.-Seemed a bit short? I have played countless novel based games and this one seemed a bit short, rushed, and kinda underdeveloped. Maybe add some random events inbetween dad dates to flesh it out more? Only one that felt close to hitting the mark was probably the Brodadmance aka Craig. But it was because our dadsona knew the other dad for awhile.-I get shown characters I haven't met yet and somehow know them or met them briefly and know their habits? Example Mary getting drunk and you having to walk her out. Somehow you know her habits. Even when you didn't go see the game or been to the bar yet.-Sometimes, I'm stupid and I click too fast. I would like to see some sort of log/script. So I can look back at it.-Voice audio. I can hear the quality and the volume vary with my headphones on. Especially Damien when he yelps in fear."
,Recommended,654880,33702556,Posted: 21 July,all,suminoyama,"This is a funny one, and the sprites are AWESOME hahaha play it.."
76561198076020737,Recommended,654880,33759108,Posted: 23 July,all,candlestick83,"Every daddy has a story to tell. Some seem to be a little cliched, but I think it's a good value for money nevertheless. I'm currently only interested in Craig and Robert. It seems hard to get the ""S"" dates, but lots to explore I think."
,Recommended,654880,33755936,Posted: 23 July,all,skullsandsapphires,Only $15 for romanitc fufillment? Hell yeah! Am I a sad human being? Also hell yeah. Love this game to pieces.
,Recommended,654880,33759296,Posted: 23 July,all,Deetee-Senpai,"Alright, I need to honestly explain why this is great.The influx of negative reviews for this game is... bizarre, to say the least. They seem to come in a few major categories:1. It's a dating sim/visual novel, and I don't like that2. It's glitchy/unplayable3. Too shortI'm not going to decry anyone who dislikes the game or anyone who's made a review about the above topics, especially since, yes, I can't excuse glitches. Even if it's in early launch-phase for an indie title, other games with those labels have been better at that, especially lately and especially on Steam. Instead, what I'm confused about is the lack of people discussing the quality of the game itself.Rather than try and break down pros and cons, let me open with this: I ADORE this game. I did not expect to adore this game, I'm not a frequent game grumps watcher, and I don't even play dating sims. I bought this entirely on a whim and partially because it looked hilarious in an ironic way. And, yes, it is hilarious; the writing is excellent and full of genuinely great humor, but that's not all the game has to offer. This game is chock full of heart in ways that I haven't seen in a long time. The characters are fleshed out, unique, and deep in ways that continuously surprise me. The main storyline that's always present is nice, but the actual journeys you go on with some of these characters are full of emotion, and are hardly ever skip-worthy. I haven't disliked a single path I've played so far.Now, for the issue of length. I can't tell anyone that they're ""playing the game wrong"" especially since I have zero experience with dating sims. But there's a lot of content available in this game. There main story is maybe an hour or so, with the dates tacked on. You can go on three dates with each character, but each date has many possible versions and outcomes, and can even intersect each other based on your actions towards other characters (from what I can tell). Even after my very first run in which I only went on dates with two characters, each one of them had appeared often enough elswewhere that when they all showed up for the end, I still felt like I knew all of them. And that's just the beginning; there are DOZENS of potential outcomes and opportunities between the dating options. Yes, each only has two potential endings (well... one might have three, but I'll come back to that) but there are so many dialogue options, encounters, playstyles, and even minigames to try out that there's a more than decent amount of replayability. Heck, I'm on my third run already.If you don't like dating sims, well... I'm sorry. The game is all reading and there's no way around that. But, I'm not a dating sim person either, so allow me to break down what I think the game has to OFFER rather than who it might be for:- Great writing- Great humor- Great artwork (mostly)- Surprising emotional and thought out story(/stories?)- Dads.Overrall, I am pleasantly surprised with just how much I'm enjoying this game. Like, really. This review is going to be viewable by my friends and it's gonna look weird and there is nothing I can do about it. But you know what?...never mind, I actually don't have any excuses. I just like this game a lot, dude. And I recommend it a lot.Regarding concerns about a certain in game ""secret"", see below for potential >SPOILERS!<...............Alright, so maybe there's a creepypasta-level shock ending that's really hard to access. I haven't seen it, but as of the writing of this review (7/24/17) basically no one has and its existence has only been proven via datamining. The biggest concerns about it that I've seen are as follows:-It ruins the in game canon because it's too ridiculous/horrifying-it's anti-christianRegarding the first concern... Okay, maybe. MAYBE. As someone that loves the story in this game, it's a little hard to stomach. But there have been far more ridiculous, hidden, canon-ruining things in other games that I've loved. Seeing as it's apparently, perhaps intentionally IMPOSSIBLE to access via normal means, it seems like its meant to be a screwed up easter egg, which I'm no stranger to and personally, have no problem with. I think if you look at it that way, it's a lot less bad. But if you just can't stomach it at all, then I don't blame you. Honestly.As for the second thing... Well... I'm Christian. Like, a real one. Not the scary evil kind (that even the game mocks). This games honest, and most apparent depiction of the church is actually really refreshing. Joseph is an awesome character and his arc is kind of fascinating from all sorts of perspectives. Especially in its ability to view the church from a practical, respectful lens, as well as in addressing people's anxieties/qualms with the situation from the get go. I highly doubt Dream Daddy is anti-Christian (funniest sentence I've typed all day). Again, if someone is genuinely disturbed by the issue in question, I won't say they're wrong for feeling so. But, personally? As a genuine, practicing Christian? Given the self awareness of the game... I really can't help but laugh with it.'EDIT: Yeah, the save system needs work. Especially since its worth starting over. Hey, I said this would be honest."
76561198176556641,Recommended,654880,33802692,Posted: 26 July,all,lucifertardis,"if you are looking for the perfect husbando, wait no more, here are the seven you been waiting your whole life"
76561198355438656,Recommended,654880,33892050,Posted: 29 July,all,themadhatter4376,Love this. Absolutely fabulous. But ♥♥♥♥ Joseph.
76561198119658810,Recommended,654880,33934289,Posted: 31 July,all,striderlalonde,I would Die for Robert Small.
,Recommended,654880,33946050,Posted: 1 August,all,Xavier,I cried because my fake virtual daughter is going to college and I'm just so proud of her and the woman she's become and she's just such a good human being and oh my god I love her so much and although I worry too much I know she'll do well because she's just such a likable and loveable person and although I know she's her own person and has her own life I really hope she comes back to visit me because I just love her so much oh god10/10 Terrific game with a lot of heart and love put into it. Definitely worth the price and your bound to get a good amount of playtime out of it.
76561198209423200,Recommended,654880,33951370,Posted: 1 August,all,Bubool,Lots of humor and charm and plenty of really horrible puns. I was happy to support the creators of this game and I'm looking forward to see what they do in the future. If you're not sold: Lots of dogs. At least 2. You get to pet a dog.
,Recommended,654880,33755951,Posted: 23 July,all,Watchmaker,"Alright, I'm gonna pre-empt my review with this; I'm a big GG fan, been with them since the Jon days and still watch til now. All that being said;do not buy this game for the name attached to it, if you're expecting all bells and whistles from our boys then this isn't for you. That's not to say this game is bad though, it most definitely is not but it just falls short of justifying it's £10.99 price tag in my eyes, with what I've played so far.Now that part is out of the way, we'll get into the meat of this review; the game itself. I've only completed one route at the time of writing(big ups to best daddy Brian)but I still feel like I can sufficiently comment on the game itself. A main selling point of this game for me was finding out just how inclusive the dev team behind it had made it, without pushing that fact in your face; for example, we have dads of every ethnicity, every body shape (major props to the team for including bigger characters, something it seems most dev teams are afraid of) and every orientation! (yes, there are straight dads in this game). The character customisation options feel a touch lacking in places, I wish we had some more diverse hair style options as I struggled to find one that personally fit me well, the clothing range was good but I dislike that you're really just limited to either t-shirts or suits. The score is superb, really fitting for the game and I honestly hope the Grump team put out a physical release for the game sometime.I know it may sound like I'm mostly stating negatives, but there is honestly so much good content in this game and I personally haven't even discovered most of it yet (I'll probably come back and update my review once I've completed every route)Pros;+ Amanda, your daughter, is a cutie x100+ Diversity is celebrated, with a varied cast+ Great customisation for your character+ Absolutely amazing score+ Humour is top-notch and seasoned with references to pop cultureCons;- Minigames can be frustrating- Aspects of the game felt limited- Some of the characters fall flat and feel uninterestingOverall, the game is a sold 6/10 in my book; it does what it says on the tin as it is indeed, a Dad Dating Simulator."
76561198406859749,Recommended,654880,33756711,Posted: 23 July,all,I Love Dogs So Much,"I have only had this game for a day and if anything happened to Robert I'd kill everyone and then myself.But seriously, this game has the one thing I've always longed for in media: a world where queerness is ordinary, common, and where healthy relationships with both family and romantic partners are encouraged. I have to stay closeted to some of my family in real life for my safety so this game has given me the family/parent I want to be in the future. Thank you so much, game devs.P.S. (SEMI-SPOILERS): I would absolutely love for the cult ending to become a Halloween DLC! I want to date the demon. I want to defeat the demon. I want to exorcise the demon from my Whitebread Homeslice and poly on up with him and Robert so I can protect them both. Let me be poly so I can be with all the dads..... let me love them all........."
,Recommended,654880,33757269,Posted: 23 July,all,RogueRosie,"By far one of the best games ever, thanks Game Grumps!!"
,Recommended,654880,33823371,Posted: 26 July,all,Arkion696,"This game is a hilarious string of bad dad puns and feels, A++++++++"
76561198091068433,Not Recommended,654880,33856202,Posted: 28 July,all,mendes.cassandra,"Honestly, It is a descent dating sim overall.However, wait for it to go on sale before purchasing as the game is SUPER DUPER short and It's replay value is minimal."
,Recommended,654880,33758527,Posted: 23 July,all,LordTardarSauce,"Hell yeah, man. I mean, Daddies."
,Not Recommended,654880,33732445,Posted: 22 July,all,Mairodia,"It's a good game, don't get me wrong. But there are bugs, there are mistakes, and there is *very little* content. There are only 3 dates with each dad, and then after you go on the third date with one of them, the game ends very abruptly. What is there is good, and the bugs are little mistakes that will hopefully be patched and none are game-breaking. But there is just too little content for $15.It's still a game that's worth playing if you like these kinds of things, but I would wait for it to go on sale."
76561198026413643,Recommended,654880,33881084,Posted: 29 July,all,GloomyGhost,"I think this is a good game. It's sweet and funny (if you like dad jokes) and it's interesting in that it was produced and published by the Game Grumps, a youtube Let's Play group, rather than a normal indie game publishing company like Chucklefish or simply self-funded by the developers. Everything about the game aside, I really hope to see more of this type of model of game publishing happening in the near future - creators who ""made it"" giving back to help other creators acieve their dreams.The game itself is fun and well written though it's really more of the ""graphic novel"" type game with some dialogue choices added here or there. It's also nice to see a queer-specific game out there that's mostly wholesome and doesn't rely on sex-appeal to move the game forward.However, the important question: is DD:ADDS worth it's price tag? If you want to support the creators and the model of game development financing that's used? Sure, go ahead. If you're not into that ""bigger picture"" stuff, then maybe wait until it goes on sale or see if they release some free DLC in the future."
,Recommended,654880,33886859,Posted: 29 July,all,Queen-BMVagabond,"Honestly, a very cute and enjoyable game. I really do think that there aren't many mlm games on steam and the ones that are aren't very great at mlm representation. Having a great game like this on here in a sea of over sexualized wlw visual novels and the small ""yaoi""-ish ones, this game stands out as being well written from a team made up of LBGTQA+ members. I would love to see more mlm games on steam with good writing and great characters like this."
,Recommended,654880,33944137,Posted: 1 August,all,UnderTaken,"very cute and different daddys! had such a wonderful time playing this game. Also, the theme song is wonderful, and very catchy."
76561198094537202,Recommended,654880,33965398,Posted: 2 August,all,SwampBitch,Robert is the most relatable man in the world. 9/10 Needs more pictures of dads.
76561198401435457,Recommended,654880,33815587,Posted: 26 July,all,chorii_,"I, like many others most likely, got this game for the lulz basically. Date hot dads? Heck yes!!But after playing it I realized just how clever, charming and well thought out it actually is. It's inclusive, modern and just really fun to play. Ok, it's not perfect because there are some bugs and not all the minigames are that awesome (McGuyver the radio was kind of pointless tbh) But all in all, great jokes, fun minigames and lovable dads and daughter. No regrets, love this game! 9/10"
,Recommended,654880,34403908,Posted: 21 August,all,birdyprincette,😍😍😍😍💕💕💕💕🍆🍆🍆🍆
,Recommended,654880,33697267,Posted: 21 July,all,Xordanus,"I LOVE THIS GAME. ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT. GREAT JOB TO THE CREATORS AND ALL THOSE INVOLVED IN MAKING THIS GAME.The writing is quality: funny (to the point of hilarity) and full of Dad puns, but also emotional and deep when it should be. Each character is a caricature, sure, but each individual is more than their tropes and I appreciate that in a dating game. The options for dateable dads are diverse, not just visibly but ""emotionally"" as well.The art is AMAZING, as you can see from the screenshots and promo material for DD:ADDS. I love each individual character design, and even the ""Dadsona"" creator is pretty great (tho I find myself wishing I had more options for building my character).The voice acting, while sparse, is also wonderful. I appreciate hearing familiar voices from the Grumps and friends. The music is great and I'm going to need a soundtrack to be released ASAP.Play this game if:You like dating simsYou like Dad jokesYou want to date a hot DadYou want to be a hot DadYou like dogs (seriously, this game is full of them)Don't play this game if:You don't like dating simsYou don't like Dad jokesYou aren't down with Dads dating other DadsYou hate happinessYou don't like dogs"
76561198407258287,Recommended,654880,33697422,Posted: 21 July,all,jstevens013102,Honestly it's defiantly worth the money just for the dad jokes and dialogue alone
76561198147195677,Recommended,654880,33696595,Posted: 21 July,all,kafekalez,I feel like there's one good dating sim per decade and this is the dating sim for this one.
,Recommended,654880,33686585,Posted: 20 July,all,Leopold67^,"i can now be the best dad i want, thanks to this game...thank you!!!"
76561198044296901,Recommended,654880,33688932,Posted: 20 July,all,Banille,"What I love most about this game is its unique narrative that doesn't get enough attention. Single parents, especially single queer parents, exist. The fact that they talk about this subject alone is recommendation enough, especially from a design perspective."
,Recommended,654880,33688950,Posted: 20 July,all,The Viqueen,This game is incredibly cute and the writing is so much fun. Really really looking forward to playing again and getting to know another daddy <3
,Recommended,654880,33689049,Posted: 20 July,all,PeezNutz,Craig is the best daddy by far 100000/10 would recommend Craig
,Recommended,654880,33679546,Posted: 20 July,all,chloboe,"I absolutely love this game! It's very inclusive, well written, funny, and adorable, The relationship with Amanda is super cute and I'm glad that the game actually focuses on it quite a bit. The dads are all very different and very interesting. This game was definitely worth the wait!"
,Recommended,654880,33695807,Posted: 21 July,all,Dr_harleen,"I love this game, help. From god awful dad puns to pleasent background tunes. The characters feel real and has plenty of awkwardness!It's extremely inclusive of the differences in people which is a delightful change from other dating sims. Truly the best dating sim I've ever played."
,Recommended,654880,33768098,Posted: 24 July,all,TheJawaBakedGood,"I have been waiting for the game for so long, ever since it was announced! I am not disappointed! This is game is hilarious, adorable, and just all around good fun. If you enjoy dad jokes, coffee humor, and more then this game is for you! I definitely enjoy the create your own dad feature! That is something unique to this game, not many dating sims have you create your avatar. I have nothing but good things to say about this game!"
76561198127738230,Recommended,654880,33767342,Posted: 24 July,all,hashmalum498,"Just finished the game on all available routes. Now I have a crushing desire to adopt a cool teenage daughter, move to single-dad-ville (where dad puns are embraced) and build meaningful and loving relationships.As pointed out by several ""thumbs-down"" reviews, this game is very short, even with the 7 storylines. However the writing is pretty witty and emotive, and I can't help but feel and care for the characters at certain moments. The tone is in general very light-hearted but also very wholesome and warm. If you enjoyed Social Links of the Persona series you will enjoy DDADDS, aka ""Dadsona"".I think this helped elevate DDADDS to a higher level than average dating sims on the western market, which is still pretty much a niche scene. DDADDS drove an important point, which is that dating sims featuring humans do not have to feature explicitly RA scenes to work.The game could definitely do with some polishing: Additional content would be more than welcomed (4-5 dates per dad would have been perfect). The mini-games were a nice surprise but someone them were awkward (radio, gargoyle). There were also some bugs (some portraits hang around even after the character had left, i.e. Joseph's twins), and it would be nice if the developers could address those points.As a short and casual game DDADDS was definitely enjoyable, and made me lol'd in real life on several occasions. It was easy to pick up but hard to put down until I've absolutely played through. Definitely had a great time and would love to play it through again, especially when the world outside is cold and toxic... I know my favourite husbandos and spunky daughter will be there to pick me up.#foreveralone"
76561198095336209,Recommended,654880,33715204,Posted: 22 July,all,shadowsofiron,"For your guy's first game, this is golden. It's hilarious, charming, inclusive, and very positive and upbeat; which I appreciate. A lot of games have a hugely somber overtone, which don't get me wrong, I do love those games. But this is nice for somebody (me) who's recovering from surgery right now.I hope you add to it in the future, or create a second installment that maybe goes a little further into the ""dating sim world"". More customization, further character development, etc. But again, impressive work for your first game. Major props."
76561198383502372,Recommended,654880,33716338,Posted: 22 July,all,Nature Boy,HEY YOUDo you enjoy tight honeybun dadz as much as the next guy?Then this is 100% the game for you1. A whole cast of 7 major dads2. A papa for every walk of life3. Parents of all sizes4. Cool kids of cool dads5. Perfectly timed and executed dad jokes (even multilayer jokes)6. Obscure refences of everything from old Game Grump episodes to popular South African rap groups7. Extreme fatherly customization8. Steamy dad cookout times9. Steamy dad time in general10. Old stale and dead memes10/10(get it)
,Recommended,654880,33717908,Posted: 22 July,all,Menchikun,This game is a gift. There are cute dogs. And a bomb-awesome dadday-daughter storyline. And mega hot dads. 10/10 will Dream Daddy again :)
,Recommended,654880,33718061,Posted: 22 July,all,asperegg,"Such a fun and nice game. The plotlines are quite good and the character designs are top notch with their own style, found myself giggling to some of the dad jokes. I love that you can customize your characters. Reccomend this to anyone looking for a feel good game to pass the time."
76561198093156101,Recommended,654880,33734064,Posted: 22 July,all,Funfa,"Even though the game is still rough on some edges (white pixels, bad recording, typos) it didn't stop me from enjoying it 100%! Like many other players, I went into the game with an idea of which dad I was going to like the most, but now I can't possibly pick up a favorite. The art and writing are amazing and I wish it was much, much longer."
,Recommended,654880,33733415,Posted: 22 July,all,Dorkrat,I love this game and all the work that went into it.It's very nice to see something this well thought out in the LGBT community game-wise.Vernon and Leighton and the rest of the team did a great job!
76561198165091362,Recommended,654880,33729985,Posted: 22 July,all,wzwenator,"The player dad builder is pretty sad, the dateable dads are simplistic and it's hard to build a connection with them, there's too much self-deprecating inner dialogue, the mini-games felt out of place but luckily relatively easy, and ""dating"" felt mechanical and simplistic.I wanted to choose daily activities, slowly get to know dads and woo them onto dates, which is what the introduction chapter felt like...but then you just click their portrait and instantly get the promised date. Stuff happens and you get a score, which added to the cold, mechanical feel. I wish the dating had the tender complexity of the raising Amanda storyline.BUT the ideas and designs of the dads were great, the story with Amanda was touching, and I personally liked the ""voice acting"" grunts (although it was sometimes jarringly out of place to hear ""DUDE!"" or ""BRO!"" ...I think non-verbal noises worked much better than actual words). I think I also chose one of the better dads, Craig, since having already known the player dad in the past made their flimsy storyline haver a little extra depth.I think the game is worth 5-10 dollars especially if you plan to date multiple dads. It's most enjoyable in it's current state as a dad (ie parenting) simulator."
76561198075986481,Recommended,654880,33730228,Posted: 22 July,all,feliz525,"unabashedly dorky writing and many genuinely nice moments, especially between the main character and his daughter. it's really nice being able to save anywhere and having well over ten save slots (not sure if unlimited). the character design is phenomenala few glitches here and there but nothing game-breaking so far"
,Recommended,654880,33729634,Posted: 22 July,all,AlienInfection,Very fun game! Love the artstyle and characters! They are all so unique! This game is a very fun and laid back game.
,Recommended,654880,33729706,Posted: 22 July,all,Lettalia,"Very fun and it's a good idea to explore as many options as you can and really consider the things you're saying to people. Some decisions will lead to an unchangable ending for certain dads, so be wise!What does your dad want to really say? Is it in character?Who would or wouldn't they be interested in?Thinking about the kind of person you want to be before going in helps a lot! :)"
76561198065832324,Recommended,654880,33730109,Posted: 22 July,all,Chaotic Cynical,So far it's a cute game.  The only problem is it freezes every 10 minutes or so.
,Recommended,654880,33736036,Posted: 22 July,all,Mercedes,This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing cute. I honestly have not been this astrounded by a game since Stardew Valley. It is *that* level of polish and thought. I cannot applaud the Game Grumps enough for making this amazing game.
76561198151506632,Recommended,654880,33699346,Posted: 21 July,all,Official_Fox_Mulder,"DDADDS is both a loving parody of dating sims and a dating sim itself. If you're familiar with the genre you'll know what to expect- most of the interaction is through dialogue choices. There's a few mini-games, but if you're expecting more, you'll be disappointed.DDADDS is- in a word- cute. It's very sweet for the most part- there's a few implications of NSFW content, but the most that actually is shown is shirtlessness. The romancable characters are charming, and while a few character arcs are pretty predictable (there's a lot of 'find hidden depths/secret interests and help the dad come to terms with/accept it' style plot), that's sort of what I was expecting from this game. Not too deep, but sweet and enjoyable. Like if a sherbet dib dab was turned into a game.I do feel like the wider plot, which focuses on more your relationship with your daughter than any of the love interests, does limit the romance plot. However you play, the ending is sort of the same. The different romance arcs are enjoyable, but they're constricted by the overarching 'Amanda goes to college' plot. I don't know how or if this could be fixed, so I'm willing to let it slide, but it does mean that the game is repetitive on replay. There are also still some bugs, and there is some inconsistency- Hugo's VA's audio quality is lower than the other dads, and it's noticeable.The only other thing I really have to say about the game is that I think the different dads are well designed- they all have very distinct visual styles and personalities. The personalities can be a little archetypical at times ('here is hipster dad' 'here is fitness dad') but I think that's a feature of the dating sim genre in general. It is worth noting that one of the romances is a trans man, and IMO he has the best and most respectful writing I've ever seen for a trans character not written by a trans writer.Overall, I really enjoyed playing DDADDS. It's fluffy, silly, not serious fun, and if that's what you're looking for, I'd recommend it!"
,Recommended,654880,33695530,Posted: 21 July,all,Aalegre 🌈,Come for the beautiesStay for the puns
76561198025184888,Recommended,654880,33793247,Posted: 25 July,all,Ambulon: 50% off,I'm going to physically fight everyone who upsets Amanda.I think I know what parenthoods about now.
,Recommended,654880,33788700,Posted: 25 July,all,Zachriel,"This is honestly one of the more lighter Dating Sim games out there but that doesn't mean it isn't any enjoyable.With it being cut of the fat of typical dating sim games Dream Daddy manages to replace it with mounds and mounds of dad puns, jokes and cringeworthy humour. It's delightful, light and a good time if you're willing to sit back and just take whats given to you.The art well done for the characters, backgrounds and additional illustrations. I do wish however that your own Dad character art was a little more refined to fit in with this well created world. The music is well done and the story is enjoyable no matter which path you take.The mini games could have been polished a little further I feel, but they weren't the core of this game.Totally worth picking up if you want a lighthearted Male dating sim. Enjoy the story, raise your kid right and flirt with several very handsome dads."
76561198079793438,Recommended,654880,33791449,Posted: 25 July,all,Microsoft Word,"This is the best Dad simulator, ever"
,Recommended,654880,33790512,Posted: 25 July,all,Lord Thornell,"I found myself fond of this game from the moment I heard about it. Just the name alone was promosing enough and I have to say I was very glad about how it turned out.I can recommend it for both serious players and those just seeking fun, since it is written in a humorous way, but also has some more serious scenes, dealing with fatherhood and common issues like getting older.You get to create your own dad, meaning you can customize his looks and name.The romances were handled pretty simple, serving you three dates for which you get rated with grades (S,A,B,C,D), giving you an ending with the desired dad after completing all three. However you won't be bound to one character unless you complete all dates and the game will ask you before commiting to a bond, meaning you can do two dates on as many characters as you like, save the game and then romance each character one after another.I personally loved the expierience.Art, music and characters are beatiful and the texts are very funny. Nevertheless I found myself thouched by the story, especially in more serious scenes and the game made me think about fatherhood a lot, even though that is still a long way for me to go.Like I said before, I can deffinitely recommend it!"
,Recommended,654880,33791285,Posted: 25 July,all,coole strider,"Though there are bugs and typos and some minor aesthetic complaints (such as your dadsona's art style not matching that of any other character's), I am absolutely in love with this game.I was absolutely delighted at the trans options available for your dadsona (yes, I will keep referring to the character you create that way), along with the unnatural hair colors and lip colors. The diversity among the dads you can romance and in the dads you create is way more than I expected and I'm so grateful for it.The characters actually have substance in this game, which I enjoy. ""Bad Dad""has a bit of a dark past but is also goofy and emotional,""Goth Dad""is a total nerd who loves animals and works in IT.It's been delightful to get to know them (I know my profile says 20+ hours but listen, I get emotional, I play with friends, it takes a while- I've only done 3 full routes), though I do wish there was more time to do so!My only complaints with the game are the very few clothing options, the messy save files (though those don't really hinder my ability to play, since I clean them out often), the differing art styles between your dadsona and the presented dads, and some glitches that could easily be fixed with a patch (music stopping when you load from another point while playing the game, random graphics appearing onscreen when you load, characters sliding in and out of frame during dialogue- that one's rare).I'd highly recommend this game- maybe I'm biased because I love me some representative, progressive content with lovable characters, humorous dialogue and achievements, and multiple options, even if small, but- I feel pursuing each dad and striving to get each achievement makes it worth the $15!"
76561198089789643,Recommended,654880,33792214,Posted: 25 July,all,The Strangest Thing,"Extremely charming game with well written and surprisingly ernest characters. The dating or every dad is what surrounds a core story about your relationship with Amanda and what it means to be a good father. Every personality is interesting and unique, if not a bit cliche to fit the niche's found in the ""daddy dating"" culture for lack of a better term. Highly reccommeded for the easy to grow attatched to characters, nice music, fun character creater. Relatable protagonist.Brian forever."
,Recommended,654880,33797881,Posted: 25 July,all,ONE GIANT SIZE SHIT BITCH BEAR,"I was skeptical, but tried it anyway was pleasantly surprised. Cause hot guys. Lived up to the hype. Story was deeper than I expected, but more shallow than I'd like. If that makes sense. It's like potato chips ok. A handfuls good, but a whole bag would be better, you dig? DIalogue was good, the subject matter was handled perfectly, and the art is very well done.As far as price goes I think if you do go around and do every path, or even replay those again to try out the different dialogue options, the price isn't terrible for the time you'll spend. If you just plan to chain date one dad and be done with it then yeah, maybe wait for a sale."
,Recommended,654880,33798084,Posted: 25 July,all,epenthesis,"The interface leaves something to be desired (few saving options, no text logging) and there are far too few CGs, but I haven't laughed this much at a game in a long time. So funny and romantic and sweet. And occasionally not so sweet. But still a lot of fun."
76561198406198589,Recommended,654880,33686432,Posted: 20 July,all,Hippichick,The game keeps crashing as I'm leaving the coffee shop. I'm really excited to play it so hopefully I can fix it.
76561198347039909,Recommended,654880,33701123,Posted: 21 July,all,Zemmiaphobia,"This game is so cute! I started with Robert and loved every minute of interacting with him, though I had to try a few times before getting an ending I was satisfied with. (And oh man was it satisfying!) I'm looking forward to the rest of my neighbors, haha. I will say that there are a few things that could be better. The dates are fun but three per Dad is just not enough. It'd be nice to spend more time with them and have more casual interactions beyond dates. Amanda is really fun too, I felt like a true parent helping her with her issues. It would have been fun to spend more time with her though, maybe do a few more daddy/daughter outings or at least more conversation. Other wise, super amazing game!"
,Recommended,654880,33701371,Posted: 21 July,all,Champaa,Ah....I can smell the dramatic plot and story here.Wish I have dad like one of the characters.
76561198352046990,Recommended,654880,33680123,Posted: 20 July,all,imanigrl10,"My loads do not load. In fact, they don't come up at all. I have to restart the game constantly and it's very frustrating. Very fun otherwise."
76561198130824065,Recommended,654880,33818577,Posted: 26 July,all,dulcence,"Absolutely Loved thre game, everything about it is fun and exciting. Craig is best dad. Only mini game that is frustrating is that stupid mini golf game. I really can't wait for new updates because I honestly want to be able to get the worlds okayest dad."
,Recommended,654880,33802977,Posted: 26 July,all,Sophran,"So I have now had some time to play this game. Finished a few routes. This is a genuinely sweet and lovable game, with a few surprises along the way. The first time I played I did make the mistake of only hanging out with one Dad total as I thought jumping between would be unfaithful. In hindsight that was the wrong move, as befriending the other dads even when pursuing just one is probably the best way to get a good understanding of the Parents and Children throughout the game. Also it certainly helps the pacing.Amanda, your daughter in the game, is one of the coolest and most lovable characters I have encountered in a story. She's definitely in the top ten characters of the year if my roommates and I ever bothered to make a list. Even if for some reason none of the men of the game appeal to you, you'll definitely come out of it at least appreciating your finger gun waving child.Most of the men themselves are also nice and very different from one another. I only really disliked two out of the seven, and three were just outright great guys to romance. There are cute little minigames throughout the game that keep things fun and enjoyable. Trivia, mini-golf, pokebattles, penguin stopping are all there and pretty fun.I've seen some people talk about DLC already. To be honest instead of getting a new character I'd prefer to add an additional date for each of the guys. Actually getting to see how the relationship is going on a few months in would be fun. And to the one route that doesn't allow that option? Well I'm fine with that as I'd love nothing more than to help his wife take absolutely everything in the divorce if that is allowed."
,Recommended,654880,33803053,Posted: 26 July,all,Murcrove,"I am obsessed. I will not lie. I'm having so much fun being a dad it's ridiculous. I love all the warm feelings you get from playing, I love how the characters develop, I love the irony of Arin voicing the character that is glitched and acts like the biggest troll in the game. I literally can not stop playing. You all did awesome. I know there are some bugs- and I wish it was longer, not because I don't think I got my money's worth, but because I want to see their futures unfold. The characters I thought I wouldn't like became my favorites, and that's pretty impressive. I love you guys, thank you for taking risks and making this. It's been a dark time for me, and I've been feeling hopeless. I've been able to bare through it and see life in a newer lighter hearted way. Thank you. Thank you so much."
76561198091100401,Recommended,654880,33821507,Posted: 26 July,all,megangreenan,"Absolutely awesome game! Great dialogue, great character building, very inclusive. Absolutely loved it!"
,Recommended,654880,33821673,Posted: 26 July,all,derezzed,this game is so sweet and it changed my life 11/10
76561198117014880,Recommended,654880,33838238,Posted: 27 July,all,GabLikesCoffee,"I loved the jokes and game grump references. This game constantly made me laugh and smile with the relatable main character and his awesome daughter. I just wish the routes were a little longer, but even with that I'd totally recommend this game to anyone."
76561198407373133,Recommended,654880,33823867,Posted: 26 July,all,jscm2,"Here is my review in a nutshell: I really love the idea of this game, but I think it's too short. I am so emotionally invested in Joseph's life, and I want to see some conflict resolution to go along with this slight angst. So, if an update will soon be coming that allows for an extended time span for the character, I would love that. Then, it might be worth the $15. However, how it is now, I don't think it is. I'm not sure if I would recommend it now, but if they were to lengthen the game to go beyond just the first three dates, then this would be a 10000000/10 gameNow, here is my longer more in depth review:I still love this concept, and I love the graphics and the characters themselves. It is sort of problematic that I was getting it on with a married Youth Minister at my local church, but we will side step that for a hot minute. What I am mainly confused about is how the character has... no... actual job... Im not sure if the route I choose just never showed my job, and in another timeline it would, but I was very confused as to how I was able to move, let alone pay for Amanda's college tuition, without a real job. Maybe, the creators will introduce a new daddy, and it is the boss of the character you made, since they don't have that serious, alpha-character in the bunch (they have alpha-posturing but ultimately sweet Brian, the brooding and quiet Roger, but no purely dominant and serious daddy) and then, the job you would have still stays relevant to the plot.Also, I don't really get why almost all of the children of the daddies were girls. I know at first it was suppose to be like a similarity for some, to bond over having a girl, but, y'know, it doesn't have to be mainly girls.I also don't understand at the end of dates, and it gives you a 'rank'. What does 'S"" mean? where do the points come from? How do I gain more points for cargo shorts?Also, I want to fight the children who dared betray my precious daughter like they did. How do I contact their parents? How do I get them arrested? I want the electric chair! (Not actually but you get my overprotective gist)I get the concept of how after three dates, you have to commit to one ~daddy~. however, that is the point where you start develop the feelings for the guy and you start to fall for him, thus entering the extended plot line. Also, it was kind of confusing with the time-lapse. It still, also, could be the choices I made, but I thought the game started at the end of the summer for Amanda's senior year, and suddenly she's getting college decisions, and then suddenly the school year is over.Also, I personally would have been more persistent with my questioning go Amanda when she didn't want to talk, and I wouldn't have just let her shrug me off like the game let her do. So... maybe let the dad be more #strict.I'm still not grooving to the fact that Joseph wanted to f*** on the DL because he wanted to keep the image up of him and Mary. If people already know Mary as a barfly, then why even care. I understand that he didn't want to upset the kids, but it seemed like the kids were only ever grooving to him to begin with.I love the plot ~complexity~ with Joseph being apart of the church (disregarding how he wants to CHEAT ON HIS WIFE), Craig being an old roommate, and Hugo being Amanda's teacher, and I think that's what really made the plot interesting. Still, I have only gone on dates with three of the seven, so there could be even more complexity I am just not aware of, but so far, that's what really makes the game great. That, and also the visuals and the puns. So great. So pure. :))))Tbh a lot of the sounds the guys made as they talked just sounded like moans from porn, so watch out if you play this around people without headphones.This is all I have for now, so I might revise the review as a play more and more. Overall, I like it, I just really wish it was longer, I had an actually relevant-to-the-plot-job, and I wish Joseph didn't want to cheat on his wife with me!!!! I don't want to be a mistress!!!"
,Recommended,654880,33845840,Posted: 27 July,all,baehee,"Good game, very cute jokes. Would Recommend."
76561198081806444,Recommended,654880,33846096,Posted: 27 July,all,Whisniak,"While I do agree with many of the complaints regarding the length of the routes DDADDS is still a very nice, fun and charming dating sim."
,Recommended,654880,33876966,Posted: 29 July,all,DantesCrashingtheMODE,"I tend not to like dating sims, but this game was actually very entertaining, with great characters, art, music, and mini games. Each one of the ""Daddies"" was hilarious and likable with their own discernible flaws and qualities. I had fun engaging with these characters as well as taking in the never ending barrage of dad-punsI highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the genre and the Game Grumps themselves. Another added plus is hearing Dan Avidan's tough guy impression, which is worth the purchase on its own.I honestly would love a sequel with a selection of new Dads or even a spin off game following Amanda or possibly one of the other characters like HugoGreat game, Game Grumps"
76561198120393432,Recommended,654880,33869871,Posted: 28 July,all,emyannk,"Listen man, this game owns my life and I am perfectly okay with that. If you're a fan of dating sims, visual novels, or healthy, positive representation of the LGBT community in gaming, then I would absolutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,654880,33768586,Posted: 24 July,all,poisonkeyblade,"Love this game! I really hope they consider making a ""Dream Momma"" version in the future after the sucess of this!"
,Recommended,654880,33917855,Posted: 30 July,all,Khito,"This game has raised the bar for me, with regards to representation. I've never before had the opportunity to play as a trans character, outside of web-only minigames. This is also the first time I've seen a canonically trans major non-player-character in a game, portrayed sympathetically. (And his story isn't all /about/ being trans either; it's just one detail in a fully-fledged character.)I also appreciate that there's a fat character whose fatness is not the subject of derision, jokes, nor scrutiny. He's treated as attractive and strong and good. That's... unusual in media.At least five of the dads are also of colour. I'm not in a position to speak expertly on the impact of the racial diversity in this game, being white, but it's another selling point that I don't wanna not mention either.Overall my main complaint about this game is that it's relatively short; I'd love to see further expansion on the stories, maybe more dates, or more route options, in future. However, there's a good six to ten hours of gameplay in it, which combined with the emotional impact of finally seeing some folks like myself in a game, makes it well worth the money for me.(My other complaint would be some quibbles about how Joseph's third date goes; but to detail those would be spoilers. I think there's some possible consent issues with not giving the player an ""I don't want to do this right now"" type option. I'll leave it at that.)[ Edit to add: after reading some other reviews, I'll also agree that the Dadsona creator leaves you with a slightly odd-looking character. I'm hoping that this, too, gets a little more polish once the devs have a chance to address it. ]Now I'm looking at other games and wondering, how can I go back to this, knowing what representation feels like?So yeah TL;DR: this game raised the bar for me and was very much worth it."
76561198208339828,Recommended,654880,33921892,Posted: 31 July,all,Axcicos,Sale is the key word. Wait for a sale because the 15 dollar price tag is very hefty. The game does generally feel rushed with all of the bugs. They even forgot to remove the Escape from Margarita Zone achievement. I cant say on the story because I skimmed it so I could get mi post cards so--
76561198065488784,Recommended,654880,33931887,Posted: 31 July,all,danbergeron89,"This is an awesome game with a lot of replay value to it. I just want to replay it again and again for the cuteness factor and some of the music for the romantic moments. My fave Dads so far are Craig and Brian. I wish I could have been with Joseph (just finished his storyline) but I'm glad it turned out. I love Amanda, I wish I had a kid just like her and a relationship just like my dadsona and her. One thing that did surprise me was Goth dad, his plot twist made him WAY more human than I expected. All characters were well thought out and the plot lines were masterfully executed. No character or romance option would be considered a throwaway option all are good. I highly reccomend this game!Really great job guys! I love the Game Grumps! More please! ^_^Sincerely,A very satisfied customer"
,Recommended,654880,33921628,Posted: 30 July,all,solis,"Very good. Aside from some personal issues, it's a pretty good game."
,Recommended,654880,33962475,Posted: 1 August,all,theshamanspower,I love this game. It feels like I'm actually having an honest gay relationship. I do wish they added more stuff to customize your character but other than that. No real complaints from my end.  Also shout out to everyone who made this game. I really hope this creates a spark for a new era of LGBT games. Worth every penny. Great job guys.
,Recommended,654880,33963097,Posted: 1 August,all,Wintee44,Love it! Makes me laugh more than I'd like to admit!!
76561198273032095,Recommended,654880,33956717,Posted: 1 August,all,skyelikesgames,"very awesome but there are a lot of typos, and inconsistancies. theres a part where i ask mat to play the paino, but he wont, so i said id let it go, but later in the night, the dialogue said that i kept thinking about mat playing the piano (as in, he had played) and i told amanda that he played for me"
76561198069763153,Recommended,654880,33956795,Posted: 1 August,all,TeamSeaSlug,"Surprisingly wholesome and cute, I love the relationship between the protag and Amanda. The datable dads are all fairly likable, even if there is controversy over Joseph. My only complaints are that it's fairly short, wish it was a longer game as a whole. Hopefully there will be add-ons or something for this, because it's so charming."
76561198259626410,Recommended,654880,33753173,Posted: 23 July,all,plomeek,"This has become one of my all time favourite games.Inclusive, incredibly witty, fantastic art, and much deeper than it may appear at first.I enjoyed every route immensely and have experienced a whirlwind of emotions, all in all I HIGHLY recommend that you buy this game!"
,Recommended,654880,33711992,Posted: 21 July,all,Linini,"I got this because I saw it was made by Game Grumps, who I love. I'm not normally a dating sim player, but I enjoyed it a lot! The humor is super dad without being grating, the characters are all rounded and well-written, with their own storylines that I both identified with and tugged on my heartstrings.As others have said, it's very inclusive without being in-your-face about it, the art is nice, and it's very funny. I liked how they include every dad trope: grilling, dancing, ""not getting it,"" used to be in a band, etc.Every once in a while, there would be a continuity error because of the way it's set up (I experienced the same cutscene twice, but with different options because I had progressed with a different daddy). Honestly, the worst things about this were how Hugo's voice had a completely different quality to it, and the music would sometimes glitch on me.8.8/10, would recommend to someone looking for satire, indie gamers, witty conversations, speckled-in microgames, great parenting, and just constant dad-ness."
,Recommended,654880,33759320,Posted: 23 July,all,Sinner,"If you can't tell by my play hours, I am incredibly fond of this game.I eargerly look forward to future game patches.Please support the devs and buy this game.Pros> I fell in love with EVERY SINGLE DAD,I was honestly suprised by this, I felt like there would atleast be one I didn't like.> Nicely intergrated subplot with notable references throughout the game that doesn't have to be directly addressed.> I am Dad.> Robert.Cons> Hugos blown out voice> I haven't figured out how to escape the damn Margarita Zone."
76561198153108418,Recommended,654880,34117387,Posted: 8 August,all,kish_flaine,A wholesome and sweet game!!! would reccommend anyone to play though gender of your dadsona is set to male still definitely worth the money! Thanks so much for the game!!!
76561198272662180,Recommended,654880,34134951,Posted: 9 August,all,devin,fun game.
,Recommended,654880,33716900,Posted: 22 July,all,CitrineCannibal,Am I the only one having trouble with the audio for this game? I can't get it to work. And help would be nice.
,Recommended,654880,34072954,Posted: 6 August,all,QuartzTiger,"Wonderfully inclusive, fantastic writing, great humor, beautiful visuals, and just all around heart warming!"
76561198364812837,Recommended,654880,34092679,Posted: 7 August,all,kazetetsuya,"The game is fun and entertaining.  I found myself walking away t take a break, only to dart back and play a little more.  I feel like there could be a little more character customization, but i'm not a developer so i have no idea how difficult that can be; or some strip mechanics when the characters get into...situations.  Overall i love the game, its artwork, story, music, and atmosphere.  it's a really beautiful and fun game, fantastic work."
76561198062855086,Recommended,654880,34070755,Posted: 6 August,all,Ems ♥,This game and dad jokes are a solid 10/10!
76561198212146023,Recommended,654880,34024246,Posted: 4 August,all,luckalo,Really enjoyable storyline and unique characters
76561198358112494,Recommended,654880,33975953,Posted: 2 August,all,962325201,很好玩，可以遇见不同性格的neighbors，有喜欢Band 的咖啡店老板，有个以自己天才女儿自豪的老爸和他的柯基犬， 还有在咖啡店偶遇的大帅哥（暂时还不知道名字QAQ），还有又帅又幽默的邻居。 都很帅啊。自己选择外貌，虽然有较多选择，但是有的真的可能不太符合我的审美，但是也还好吧。没有中文，但是英文也可以看懂差不多，有的生词查查手机词典就没问题啦推荐推荐推荐啦，我也是在微博上看到大大在玩也开始入坑的啦
76561198279907545,Recommended,654880,33723198,Posted: 22 July,all,mystrothedefender,"This is a really lovely game for the most part, really nice art, really LGBT friendly, I played it how I wanted the first couple of times and I loved it, although I felt it was a little short.However... when I went back to explore everything I'd missed there were some bits that didn't sit well with me, whoever decided to put in twist ending things is a moron, Josephs bad ending is goddamn traumatising, and there are a few drug references and stuff which I was unaware of and unprepared for -but I'm sensitive to that kinda thing, most people probably won't care- This game has gotten so popular lately, it would have been nice to have a well known gay dating sim that was actually 'pure and wholesome' and didn't have a horrible underlying storyline like that, it was unneeded.I would recommend it, but it has a few downsides."
76561198403008467,Recommended,654880,33982920,Posted: 2 August,all,fallenangel18100,"I am having major problems with playing this game. I was so happy to be able to get this game but it keeps freezing on the loading screen (be it when I start the game or when going from scene to scene."" I have not even been able to go any further. And just recently the game will not even start. It keeps telling me that it fails to update and that i need more disc space. I have done everything the support page has suggested but still nothing is working. Please help me find out why it will not work. I really want to play this game but if I cannot get it to work I fear I will have to ask for a refund. Please help me."
76561198410082450,Recommended,654880,33985445,Posted: 2 August,all,literaryflight,"Just started playing... it's so good that I don't want to stop. The animation, the story, the characters, everything is awesome! Two thumbs up."
76561198094175019,Recommended,654880,33750094,Posted: 23 July,all,An Actual Three-Toed Sloth,"Dream Daddy is by far one of my favorite visual novel-type games to date; the writing is genuinely charming, the characters are for the most part handled competently, and the jokes don't feel forced, except for all the times characters force dad jokes. But then again, goofy dads making predictable puns is pretty true to real life in many cases. All the dads are surprisingly relatable, even the ones that seem absurd at first glance (here's looking at you, Damien).Howevever, the routes are pretty short and the decisions are a bit too simple, as it's pretty easy to tell which of the (usually) three dialogue options will get you the most points with any given daddy. Additionally, the game does feel far too short with any given route, and the first act drags on far too much after the first or second playthrough, though this tends to be a problem visual novels have in general. A feature I really would have appreciated would be a sort of new game plus feature that lets you design a new dad, gives you a quick runthrough of any of the decisions that actually matter, then dumps you straight into Dadbook so you can pick a hot dad to date without sifting through (or skipping) a ton of text that you've already read three times.Some minigames are fun, while others feel suuuuper unpolished. Altogether, I was always excited to see the quick loading screen followed by the bombastic narrator giving a three-word description on what to do, and was only really let down once, with the penguin escape game.All ini all, if you want a dating sim that's pretty much the very definition of gay without falling into the typical trappings and tired, sometimes derogatory, tropes of a visual novel featuring gay relationships, this game is for you. If you have no interest in being a dad who also dates hot dads, why the hell would you even click on a game called ""Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator""?In summary, I would heavily recommend Dream Daddy. Also, Brian is the best dad and if you think otherwise fite me irl"
76561198210774041,Recommended,654880,34221714,Posted: 13 August,all,joshuacornelius19,"This game was amazing, I loved every minute when I was playing, it was funny whole also dealing with some serious topics that do occur in society. Overall I think this game is amazing and I'm thankful they've made a lgbt+ dating simulator but with daddies instead of high school kids for a change"
,Recommended,654880,34169075,Posted: 11 August,all,Father Dougal,"wholesome. very wholesome. the crisp artwork and breath takingly beautiful older males in this game cleared my skin completely of all acne scars and zits. if only there was a nighttime level like in huniepop :) also, there needs to be a mum version of this game."
,Recommended,654880,34166665,Posted: 11 August,all,Skoegul,"I'm not usually one to play dating simulators, but so far I don't regret having picked this one up. I really like the different characters you get to meet, though the character creator seems to be lacking a little bit.Overall a fun and clearly unique game."
76561198411277085,Recommended,654880,34299288,Posted: 16 August,all,aseticbun,no
,Recommended,654880,34281446,Posted: 16 August,all,akratliff328,"A good game, very sweet. Except for Joseph. I don't like him and I wish he wasn't included in the story he has because he's a terrible person and I hate him. Overall, a good game with the hard work and content shining through and I'm glad the creators are super excited for it."
,Recommended,654880,34049333,Posted: 5 August,all,dvisyhead,10/10 love falling off a ferris wheel to my death best dad dating sim to date
76561198386700529,Recommended,654880,34052678,Posted: 5 August,all,fairygirls,good music and colour scheme!
76561198106595057,Recommended,654880,34275580,Posted: 16 August,all,Safe_and_Sound,Love this game! I hum the tune all day!
,Recommended,654880,34267108,Posted: 15 August,all,Devilish Devon,"There's not alot of popular LGBT games out there but when there is, it's this game that shows how awesome those can be, and with this one storming the top sellers I can see why. This game is fun and a good break from your usual dating sim."
76561198246137838,Recommended,654880,34501320,Posted: 26 August,all,Lilviscious,"Not what I expected, in a good way. Played 9.7 hours and completed three out of seven daddies routes. Gotta catch em all!Pros:+ seven very different daddies to choose from, great diversity+ deeper personalities of characters once you start dating them, suprisingly intriguing!+ great art work (with exception of some bg pieces, but them daddies look mighty fine)+ dates are plausible, variate and are exciting. They're sometimes even difficult to complete if you strive for the good ending, challenging!+ not all daddies are ready for a commitment in the end, love this realistic touchCons:- the 'voice acting' is actually mostly exists out of grunts and exclamations, with a sentence or two if you did a good job on a date. This feature feels a bit misleading when reading the store page.- the personality of your own dad is pretty much set in stone. Only a few options are available to be the dad you anticipated to be, would have enjoyed a bit more freedom there.- while the minigames are a pleasant change in pace from all the reading, their concept and art are mediocre at best.All in all a good innovative and fun game. Definitely got me going until I've dated them all. Probably have 5 or so hours left to play so I think €15 for the game is fair, but cheaper is even better ;)"
76561198014034306,Recommended,654880,34511377,Posted: 26 August,all,President Poundcake,"Feels a bit short, and you find yourself wishing there were more elaborate endings and much more art to collect. Otherwise though, a really cute and funny visual novel game with great characters and writing."
,Recommended,654880,33703151,Posted: 21 July,all,Raven_,"I really like this game, however I don't know if I would say it's worth the price tag. It's really charming and run, but lacks a lot of depth to the characters. 3 dates isn't long enough for us to get a sense of each character and once you get to 2 and choose to go on a 3rd date, that's the end basically. I wish there were more mini games and choices available. That being said, it's a really cute game and was fun for the few hours of play time that it offers."
,Recommended,654880,33702903,Posted: 21 July,all,animetupac,great game! the in-game minigames were a bit hard for me to grasp and got a bit weird on my computer but it's overall a wonderful game with a lot of love put into it! (i got so emotional over all the routes ive played so far and im loving it!)the music is also very cute and the art is wonderful!
76561198408067765,Recommended,654880,33702928,Posted: 21 July,all,lnpittkin,"I literally downloaded steam to get this game and it was worth it. Full of puns, and fun, enjoyable story lines. So far have completed two endings with Damien and Robert, but started the game again with Robert as i realised straight away that a decision I made early on was going to effect what was going to happen between us negatively, so i can't tell you much about the 'bad' endings. I having never played a dating sim before, but this has so much more going for it than just a dating sim. It was great :)"
,Recommended,654880,33703159,Posted: 21 July,all,googs.....,"Honestly for a while I thought this game was one huge dad joke (mainly because it didn't come out on time on either release dates), so I wasn't that excited for this. But playing it dear god I love it. The best dateable characters are Robert and Damien, and the best character is (obviously) your dadsona's daughter Amanda. I'd buy this game for all of my friends if I had the money."
,Recommended,654880,33704248,Posted: 21 July,all,MykeLWulf,"This is a great game. No, seriously. Don't let any of the negative reviews talking about game length or not enough daddy dating going on turn you away from this game.First and foremost, this is a story about you (the Dad) and your daughter, Amanda.The writing does feel a little sparse in places, particularly in some of the dad dating scenarios, but it never lacks where it counts: when you're dealing with one of your daughter's crises or  just having a daddy/daughter date in for the night, everything feels real and genuine.Maybe a bit too schmaltzy and played up... but then, that's literally anything when it comes to games/movies/literature involving parent/child relationships.Overall, this game is GREAT. The Puns are awful...ly awesome, the dads all have heart, and for as ridiculous and ""out there"" as some of the scenarios are, nothing feels overdone where it counts."
,Recommended,654880,33906480,Posted: 30 July,all,ㅅEN,robert is five stars. nudes plz
,Recommended,654880,33703847,Posted: 21 July,all,Mushabon,"DDADDS definitley has that special something. Unlike most dating sims, Dream Daddy doesn't just force your character to fall for someone, land someone, and live happily ever after or score some heated scene in the end. Instead, it presents the playwer with issues that feel real as does the realities each character faces. I honestly forgot that I was even playing a dating simulator about halfway through and was more conserned with helping everyone around me feel better about themselves and their world around them. Its not just about dating, but learning how to do well as a father and do well for those around you, which coming from this group of developers is incredable. Its a lot of fun, hilarious, and humble in its own special way. Prepare to get warm feels from head to toe... in the most innocent way possible (get your head out of the gutter). If you only wanna get laid and maybe get them saucy dad-on-dad action scenes, this is probably not the game for you. However, if you want to have a good time and be the daddliest dad you can be, then give this wonderful game a chance! These guys really worked hard on it and it shows! 10/10, would play 414425 times again!"
76561198064125838,Recommended,654880,33704180,Posted: 21 July,all,The Taste Of Failure,"""i may be bad but you make me glad."" and then, i was doomedcute art, goody puns, very inclusive, and just really fun over all"
76561198384762677,Recommended,654880,33704116,Posted: 21 July,all,BlackArrow,"This game is really amazing! The writing is really good and the artwork is beautiful! The plot is great and the characters are really lively and they're just so well written and diverse, it's truly amazing! I love this game, not only because it's rare to see games catered to me (a gay guy), but also because of all the work and love that went in to it! Overall, this game is a really good game and I've enjoyed it throughly."
76561198143985836,Recommended,654880,33702558,Posted: 21 July,all,Carmz,Awww yis
,Recommended,654880,33684823,Posted: 20 July,all,Casey,About 4 hours in and I absolutely love it. Every character is so lovable and the story is really touching. The writing flows so well and doesn't feel forced. And ofc its the Grumps so you know its hilarious as all getout. 10/10 would dad again.
76561198209779544,Recommended,654880,34166219,Posted: 11 August,all,QueenMoggy,"I don't play a lot of VN but I really did enjoy this. I tried not to get caught up in the hype but I was very excited for this game when it dropped, and I played a couple hours with my sister before I bought a copy for myself. The characters are engaging, and Amanda is an incredible daughter. I also love the soundtrack and I wish I could buy it just to listen to it all the time.Of course, this game is not without it's faults or bugs. some of the minigames could be polished up and I noticed if I saved and loaded in the same 'scene' then the audio would cut out and wouldn't return until the scene changed. Also, sometimes the avatar's wouldn't fully load on screen or the heart/eggplant animation would appear in front of the avatar. These by no means spoiled the game for me because these are very minor things that usually sorted themselves out, and for a dev's first game, it's absolutely amazing!No hyperbole, this game is tied with BOTW for game of the year for me <3"
,Recommended,654880,33726999,Posted: 22 July,all,SqueeXdee,I'm so lonely.
76561198059650870,Recommended,654880,33726233,Posted: 22 July,all,Tarzan of the Cakes,"Witty dialogue, fantastic characteriastion and hot daddies. What's not to love?"
,Recommended,654880,33752957,Posted: 23 July,all,Cufkgin Arayoru,yes
,Recommended,654880,34198562,Posted: 12 August,all,HeartInSeoulSK,"i like this game quite a lot, seen jacksepticeye play it"
76561198271410690,Recommended,654880,34203198,Posted: 12 August,all,Andykitty2468,lovingly cheesy game would play a THOUSAND times more :3
,Recommended,654880,33703503,Posted: 21 July,all,Kangxi Snaek,Went in expecting Dreamy Daddies.Left boasting about my teenage daughters achievements.11/10
,Recommended,654880,33700253,Posted: 21 July,all,LoL.J.HOORA,"I have been following the developent of this game since the word went out about it. For one its the first game the Game Grumps crew has created so I wanted to show my support. Secondly, ♥♥♥♥it, dads are awesome and a dating sim about them? Hell yeah. As we waited for them to release the game patiently I was really excited. The art looked great, and I had faith in the developers. I was not dissappointed! The game is charming, funny, the characters feel genuine in how they feel and what they like or dislike. But also, The relationship between you and your daughter.It shows how things can be as a single parent trying to understand their child and how hard it can be at times. Making decisions that you hope are right for your child because you want to see them happy. It hits close to home for me at least  and probably many others! This game is fantastic in how it holds itself. Confidentiality! If you enjoy getting to know people (Dads in particular), enjoy the thought of parenthood or curious about it, or having a laugh at clever jokes or like humor all together, this game is for you. Hell, if not all that then DO IT FOR THE DADDYS!One more thing, for those who are picking on the game because of its content need to look at all the other dating sims or visual novels on steam, there bases are the same. So try to be more open minded or just don't play at all! We all will enjoy it for you!"
76561198166503893,Recommended,654880,33700229,Posted: 21 July,all,Chicken,The stories are really cute and I really enjoyed the characters! They're all dads with their own issues to solve. The music is great too!
76561198141539149,Recommended,654880,33700516,Posted: 21 July,all,rjlatrans13,"This game is amazing. As a trans dude, to be able to pick a body type with a binder? To be able to select all sorts of cool things for my ""dadsona"" to look like? To experience a dating sim that doesn't fetishize me but instead walks me through emotional reliazations and supportive mutually healthy romances???I love this game, I love the makers of it, I love everyone right now. Thank you, thank you, than you."
76561198281220444,Recommended,654880,34321678,Posted: 17 August,all,CrazyNekoX,Nice game to pass the time
,Recommended,654880,34327446,Posted: 18 August,all,Astralnature,"It's everything you want in a soft, sweet, semi-realistic Dad Dating Simulator."
,Recommended,654880,34685861,Posted: 2 September,all,musicjae,"This game was super well thought out and made well. I'm more of a fan of action games, but I'm also a game grumps fan so I wanted to give it a shot. I'm on my 2nd play-through of it. Once you get past the long introduction (which is worth going through the first time) to the main part of the game, it's fun to see where the game takes you. It's definitely a different take on dating simulators. Also so many dad puns!"
76561198153247748,Recommended,654880,33690321,Posted: 21 July,all,peepo,The game is new and the first game to be developed by this team. There are quite a few bugs here and there but overall the interactions between the characters give the game a very nice charm to it.
76561198272699878,Recommended,654880,34341288,Posted: 18 August,all,stevensc,"Funniest game I've ever seen, I couldn't guess how many times I paused, doubled over laughing. There are many flaws, but for the most part they don't significantly detract from the entertainment."
76561198192035234,Recommended,654880,34363499,Posted: 19 August,all,Rebekah The Beeks,"I've really enjoyed this game. Everything about it is a hoot and I love all the playthroughs on the internet.I have a few thoughts though, how about making this a game compatable with tablets and mobile devices?Also, I'm a girl, and I wanted to play this game, can there be a way for a girl to cusomize her gaming experience?Thanks very much! --Rebekah"
,Recommended,654880,34360976,Posted: 19 August,all,Hatter Mandolin,"You will not be disappointed. Unless you are. If so, I will kindly escort you out of the cul-de-sac."
,Recommended,654880,34356375,Posted: 19 August,all,ice_cream_crook,"Pros:A handful of good looking daddiesRomantic comedyDanny Sexbang outfit and hair (You better believe I made my dad look like him)Cute relationship with daughterRelatable father daughter interactionsCons:For whatever reason, Hugo's voice sounds loud and echoey which makes him unlikble in my opinionMary in a♥♥♥♥♥♥My character cursed multiple times which is upsetting because I can't roleplay as a PG rated daddyBut yeah, great game"
76561198135951476,Recommended,654880,33713186,Posted: 21 July,all,nolo,0/10 NOT ENOUGH DAD ON DAD ACTION
,Recommended,654880,33713228,Posted: 21 July,all,YA BOI ACE VISCONTI™,"It's a cute game, but the ""dad based"" minigames end up falling flat. I know they're not the main focus of the game, but almost everytime the game will start with a minute long timer, and give you very little instructions on what to you need to do or what controls you'll need to use. Maybe I'm just really bad at minigames, but by the time I'd figure out the mechnic, the minigame was over (usually resulting in a loss, but eh.) and I'd lose relationship points with some of the dads.Mini games aside, the writing is top notch. It's funny, pokes fun at the genre, and the dad jokes. So many dad jokes. But the game does feel empty in parts. Most of the time, it'll be a static image of a person that expression changes to an another static image. At least the art is pretty. The backgrounds usually have a simple charm to it. I can see this being a game I'd replay a few times over, personally. Though if you're on the fence, I'd suggest waiting for it to go on sale."
76561198083819987,Recommended,654880,34383149,Posted: 20 August,all,gatekeeper780,"I really enjoyed plaging this. The story is good, and the characters are fun."
76561198221015404,Recommended,654880,33713310,Posted: 21 July,all,rosepoudrier,"This game, just, dang this game is so good. I love it so much. Every dating game should be as awesome as this."
76561198344235586,Recommended,654880,33713238,Posted: 21 July,all,Solaihzie,I am very happy this game exists and I can date all these dream daddies!!!
76561198151755605,Recommended,654880,34490852,Posted: 25 August,all,KeiMaxwell,"A unique dating sim that I totally enjoy. It's a little on the shorter side, but has some mini games and a customizable main character. I feel like a lot of the negative critique this gets is due to it having been too hyped before the release. It's not perfect, but I still think it's a good, funny game."
,Recommended,654880,34490938,Posted: 25 August,all,ohcaptainmycaptain1025,I really love this game. It makes me really happy and I'm thoroughly enjoying it so far.
,Recommended,654880,34495006,Posted: 25 August,all,SergeantSneakyBiscuit,"I've never felt this much affection for any boy, man, or masculine person. The characters are all really relateable, and while I'm not that far in the game, I honestly think this was the best use of $15 for a weekend thing.This game has a lot of potential for a visual novel. Not my usual genre, but I'm glad I shook things up for once. This could be one of my new favorite games ;)"
76561198264014565,Recommended,654880,34428142,Posted: 22 August,all,Mae,"This game is a long, painful, horrible dad joke. I love it."
,Recommended,654880,34451132,Posted: 23 August,all,emthekunzman,"One of the most fun games I've ever played. Cute, funny, and a blessing to the queer community."
,Recommended,654880,34451934,Posted: 23 August,all,Blue_Fae,"I absolutely love this game. I watched Markiplier play it for a bit, and then after a while decided that I wanted to give it a go. I love how many choices there are, and how many different consequences there are due to those choices. And it's been a lot of fun earning achievements, dying in weird ways, and reading all the dad jokes. And of course the puns. The artwork at the end of each play through is pretty awesome. I gotta say my favourite was probably Craig, but I do relate to him the most after all."
76561198319875355,Recommended,654880,34450539,Posted: 23 August,all,LadyKayla,I LOVE THIS GAME SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUUUUCH
,Recommended,654880,34336257,Posted: 18 August,all,Aioazech,i love being a dad
,Recommended,654880,33954820,Posted: 1 August,all,lunarspoon,"If you're into men-kissing-men or dating sims of any kind, you will enjoy this game. It has some fantastic and funny writing, lovely artwork, and amazing characters who are the best part of the game (which is pretty important in a visual novel).Every one of the characters turn out to have more depth than you'd assume; none of them feel one-note or stereotypical as you learn more about each of them. The endings of some of the paths feel disappointing but from the way they're written, a lot of the relationships and themes come across stronger. Endings like Joseph's or Robert's feel more realistic or oddly optimistic, respectively.As a bisexual Jesus freak, I'd also like to note that I love how they wrote Joseph's character: respectful, collected, thoughtful, adventurous, but true to his faith and family. I wish more Christians and the very religious in general were portrayed this way more often in media. Real Christians are loving, open, and understanding, and some of them are indeed not heterosexual.From a game standpoint, there are some continuity errors and bugs but nothing game-breaking. The thing that bothers me the most is when the characters with notably asymmetrical features are mirrored on the screen, i.e. Mat's tattoo sleeve switching arms whenever he faces another direction. Although I did laugh when Damien's uniform nametag appeared completely backwards.I'm a Game Grumps fan who has listened to a majority of the crew on their videos, and the voices they do turned out to be not distracting at all. I recognized people like Dan, Barry, and Brian right away but from Arin's ridiculous voice acting skills, he was harder to point out. This is also a nitpick, but it sounds like Hugo's lines were recorded in a garage; his voice sounds more echoing and could maybe use some more bass.Overall, I recommend this game for the writing and characters alone. Whether the game is ""worth it"" based on the current price is up to you."
76561198259869695,Recommended,654880,34005907,Posted: 3 August,all,Baozi,craig is one fine piece of man meat xXDDDxDDdDd DdDddDddZsZXXDD eksdee wuld go on moar datz wit him XDdDd
,Recommended,654880,34421002,Posted: 22 August,all,RustyDingus,Craig is the real slim shady. I mean Dream Daddy.
,Recommended,654880,34496090,Posted: 25 August,all,IchigoSKurosaki,Daddy11/10
,Recommended,654880,33759041,Posted: 23 July,all,Loridayne,"I initially bought this because I saw it on the Roosterteeth site and heard that Ray Narvaez Jr voiced a character, but I stayed because the game is as funny as it is heartwarming.There were a few errors where my dad's former wife was referred to as male, but otherwise a great game!Lots of face-palming moments, though (good face palming)."
,Recommended,654880,33839128,Posted: 27 July,all,StarChild,this game has all you need... nice art and hot dads... SOOOOOoooOOO
76561198372069751,Recommended,654880,33861757,Posted: 28 July,all,pharaoh,"This game is so good! The story is very well written, and so are the characters. The music is very catchy and I love how the minigames are styled after other games. I rate this 1000/1."
76561198353794708,Recommended,654880,34542695,Posted: 27 August,all,Nananana989,"Amazing Game!I recently finished all the good endings for the characters, but i'm still itching to play again and get all the achievments! This game is suprisingly emotional at times when you think about it and has some pretty good advice in it. I don't think the game is for one audience either, seeing the community and people ive talked about the game with, this game is fr everyone, straight or not. It's just a fun game to play and i want so much more."
76561198214785072,Recommended,654880,33755283,Posted: 23 July,all,Whorenado,Absolutely wholesome and wonderful gbt-men inclusive FUN!I love it!
,Recommended,654880,33858244,Posted: 28 July,all,kt_Mocha,"This is the first game that I've ever actually spent money to purchase, on Steam; everything else I have is Free-To-Play.I'd heard so much about this game, before I got it-- I've got to say that it'sreallyfun."
,Recommended,654880,34562076,Posted: 28 August,all,dreamiestcryptid,"Cute art style, interesting character developments as you progrssed in each date, best minigames and delighted PUP were featured in it. I love my fictional daughter."
76561198025413909,Recommended,654880,33890367,Posted: 29 July,all,Snuffy,"Dream Daddy is a profoundly cute game. The visuals are great (maybe aside from the dadsona character model, which is a little lacking), the music is pleasant enough without being distracting and the dialogue is fun and charming. Those alone are reasons enough to recommend that you try this game.HOWEVER, I do have one pretty major gripe here and it's that the game is pretty bare bones. Each dad route consists of only 3 dates with two different outcomes and though you can fast-forward through all the mandatory story around these routes, replayability becomes a bit of a chore after a while. It also highlights just how little choice you actually have in the game when you can fast forward through entire sequences without being prompted to make a dialogue choice even once.I guess I just like the game so much that I wish there was more of it, really. It's definitely not bad for the team's debut, I'd go so far as to say it's pretty damn good, it just could've been even better with some more content."
76561198337776288,Recommended,654880,33943518,Posted: 31 July,all,madison.grey181,"extremely cute, made me laugh and fulfill my dream of being a dad and making epic dad puns, but the stories for each character were extremely short, and it left me wanting more, like it felt kind of rushed, and you hardly got enough time for any major character development. very cute game otherwise, just needs more story."
76561198232481408,Recommended,654880,33943619,Posted: 1 August,all,QueenNariko,"Loved it! They did great work! The art is gorgeous! The music is beautiful! The writing is hilarious and amazing! (And game writing is hard to impress me with because I love games and writing soo much)I cannot wait for them to fix the ""walk Mary home"" glitch, and I really hope they add ""level 18"" it does destroy the cutesy time they are going for but it's very reminiscent of ""Night in the Woods"". So if you liked/loved ""Night in the Woods"" you will love this game. I could not recommend it higher."
,Recommended,654880,35250396,Posted: 27 September,all,thisissharkiekitty,"Heart-felt text-based game...I really love RPGs, solo player games and anime dating sims and Dream Daddy really delivers all those genres but in a really different way! Going through ""life"" as a single dad of a teenage girl made me feel closer to MY dad. Even though there's not a lot of actual game play, it's really enjoyable and well-thought-out, well-written, and there's a reason it's so popular. Careful not to get your heart broken...choose your dad wisely!"
,Recommended,654880,35242289,Posted: 27 September,all,please stop lewding tails,ok
76561198287377856,Recommended,654880,35139980,Posted: 22 September,all,AlyJFox,dads + memes 10/10 would reccomend
,Recommended,654880,33699549,Posted: 21 July,all,The Once-ler,10/10
,Recommended,654880,34760430,Posted: 5 September,all,Salarn,"https://youtu.be/SXIVucX6EV0The most accurate dad simulator of the year, 'Dream Daddy' is a visual novel that turns it's narrative lens onto a normally under represented demographic of every day dads trying their best.The father / daughter dynamic is heartfelt and works through tough situations with tact and grace.  The date-able dads are introduced as single note tropes but grow in dimension as you interact with them."
,Recommended,654880,33708965,Posted: 21 July,all,McNagelpuff,"This is the funniest most wholesome game I've ever played, my cheeks hurt from smiling if i play for too long. I can't say I have much experience with dating sims, but if they are like this I definitely have to play more."
,Recommended,654880,33709022,Posted: 21 July,all,ggslatt,"Overall, a great game! The grumps and friends did a great job!! I did find a bug tho: after Mat's second date (in which I didnt make him play piano), my character mentions how Mat played piano for him"
76561198039605774,Recommended,654880,33708706,Posted: 21 July,all,Sagging Rufus,"SOO many dad jokes, im only 2 hours in, but I am getting a very strong Mr. Hatcher Vibe"
,Recommended,654880,33708956,Posted: 21 July,all,harshmellows,the world has needed this for too long.
76561198154713588,Recommended,654880,33779466,Posted: 24 July,all,trevsebastian,"Highly recommended, most of the game is light hearted and really really funny, I was laughing my way through the whole game, it was a very pleasurable play though! There are some dark, emotional moments in the game too though, very well thought out, and very tasteful. The romance is very tastefull and will make you go ""awww that was so cute"" hahah. Some of the endings will make you mad like ""really"" (we are all hoping for a better joseph ending but alas.. lol ) Anyway I feel like this game will brighten your day! good luck daddy hunting!!!"
,Recommended,654880,33683279,Posted: 20 July,all,SleepyPyromancer,"A++ game, Amanda is my wonderful, amazing, talented daughter and Mat is best Husband"
76561198166001511,Recommended,654880,35462368,Posted: 3 October,all,sm527814,Great Game! you should play too .
76561198428874138,Recommended,654880,35468282,Posted: 4 October,all,dajanaitaylor,"This game is amazing, there's a lot of different routes you can take. Did I mention all these days are HOT. I wish they were all real, since they're so Daddy Dreamy."
,Recommended,654880,35433872,Posted: 2 October,all,Voo,"Love the art style of this game and a cute moments with each date during their date is adorable. I also like that each dad has a little meaning behind each of their routes like ""don't work to hard"" or ""love you as you are"" etc...10/10 would buy again"
,Recommended,654880,35456308,Posted: 3 October,all,Gay4Space,This game has very good queer representation and interesting storylines that allow you to explore diffrerent personalities.
76561198361251179,Recommended,654880,35473294,Posted: 4 October,all,l4ndmines,"nice, fun and easy story, love the gay / trans representation"
76561198085957245,Recommended,654880,35434974,Posted: 2 October,all,eowynmun,"Wonderful characters and plotlines, plus lots and lots of dad jokes."
,Recommended,654880,35483945,Posted: 4 October,all,GarrettAlpha910,"Has a few bugs here and there, but in the end it's a fun and light-hearted dating simulator that anyone can find something to enjoy from the hilarious writing to the plethora of DILFs."
,Not Recommended,654880,33727202,Posted: 22 July,all,AntwØn,"The 'cult ending'... just... just no.Just, no."
76561198406809643,Not Recommended,654880,33777193,Posted: 24 July,all,russell.zambito,"Disappointed. I just bought the game and when I attempt to open it after download, I get an error message ""ddadds.exe has stopped working"" and then the game window closes. What gives? HELP"
76561198085968204,Recommended,654880,33685758,Posted: 20 July,all,WooPaX,I've never known what love was until I played this game.
,Recommended,654880,33790073,Posted: 25 July,all,noblesse,"""This is where I come to masturbate"""
76561198167613200,Not Recommended,654880,34040691,Posted: 5 August,all,Ms Ives,Funny idea but not very interactive as for a game.
76561198356961892,Not Recommended,654880,33764781,Posted: 24 July,all,Hanzo Shimada,"Just played through the game like 3 times. Like, for real? I know I am desperate so I bought so called ""daddy dating game"" , but I am this DESPERATE to pay for such a game and ""date"" some straight guys. This game comparing to other dating games like SUPER HEALTH CLUB, is totally♥♥♥♥♥♥【No vocal, NO CG, weird and boring plots, short story.】I am not denying the character design of this game, but the only good thing about this game, is the character design. Even the customised daddy(yourself) is drawn by different illustrator and in totally different style. Persons you dated will leave you even if you achieve S at last (like Joseph and Craig). I didn't expect a lot CGs (R18 or not) in this game since there are more characters than usual, but no CG at all is too much. I didn't find any CG on youtube and google either. Like, even no normal CG? What's the point of making this dating game then?"
,Recommended,654880,33725605,Posted: 22 July,all,krillshot,everyone's complaining that you can't date girlsit's dream daddy not dream mommydating moms would be really weird
76561198071184823,Recommended,654880,33732864,Posted: 22 July,all,jtkendall8,Amaaaaaaaaazing game with nice art and cool characters
,Recommended,654880,33774258,Posted: 24 July,all,Kerryopia,"Came for the Game Grump voice lines, stayed for the excellent representation and storylines.Dream Daddy is a real forward-thinking game, with the possibility to make your character trans, and even a trans dateable dad. Some dads have had kids with a man, some with a woman. Not only that, but it shows the different ways one can be a parent - from being a 'friend' dad, to a strict dad, to even an absent dad. No character is a cookie-cutter version of a person, and even the kids are diverse and interesting in their own ways.I'm a bit of a crybaby anyway, but I can genuinely say my daughter made me cry more than once in this game. And all this while still being a fun game with hilarious dialogues and character options.If I had any kind of complaint, it would be the frequent glitches, especially when you reload a save. Nothing game-breaking, but other characters in the story you're currently in will frequently pop up where they're not supposed to be, or backgrounds won't change to the setting they should have moved on to. I nearly freaked out when Joseph's twins suddenly appeared on my date with Craig. They're already creepy enough without that happening to me!All in all, excellent visual novel, excellent dating game, excellent game full stop. Not a lot of replayability after you've explored every route you want to try, but with the mysterious 'Escape from Maragarita Zone' achievement, and no one currently being able to prove that they've gotten this achievement legitimately, here's holding out for some DLC in the future.10/10 daddliest game, would dad again."
,Recommended,654880,33678094,Posted: 20 July,all,tiny homosexual,"i will be the alpha daddy.very fun artstyle, music and characters."
76561198317796328,Recommended,654880,33760039,Posted: 23 July,all,PrincessDizzy,"So far it's a really fun game, but multiple times I've exited the game after saving and when I went back into the game, when I clicked load game, there was nothing there. I can't keep replaying over and over again to the very point where I ended each time. Can someone help?"
76561198404148548,Recommended,654880,33759800,Posted: 23 July,all,DustyDog,"I love this game so much and I hope it get the TLC it deserves. I can, however, see why they delayed it. I found a few bugs on my expedition for a date: A bug where the carbon copy twins would stay on screen after loading a save file on Craig's second date, a bug where Amanda and Daisy stayed on screen before Brian's Fishing Minigame (For the same reason), and a typo that Amanda says ""titde"" on Joseph's route. Besides that, it was amazing! :D"
,Recommended,654880,33759816,Posted: 23 July,all,Noctart,"I'm a sucker for a good dating sim game, and I was pleasantly surprised to hear a Game Grumps backed game about dating dads was heading our way. This is one of the first games I've bought immediately upon release and overall I have to say I've had a great time playing it, but it does have its faults. A lot of people are saying to wait until a sale happens to pick this one up but honestly I think the 15 dollar price tag isn't too hefty for the game provided. A lot of people are saying it's a short experience but I got a good solid 6 hours out of it, which for a visual novel/dating sim type game is perfect for me. But here are some more thoughts to inform you if you might want to shell out the cash for it right away. First, let's start with the positives:Pros: Dream Daddy is gorgeous. It's just pleasing to look at in just about every frame of the game. The character designer's knocked this one out of the park. I was happily surprised at the range of body types the game has, especially being a girl who is into heavier guys. Not only are the designs great but the writing is where this game truly shines, at least in the comedic aspect. Those who enjoy the kinetic back and forth silly banter the Grumps are known for will enjoy the humor of this game. While throwing out a few good dad jokes for good measure, it has a lot of other moments that had me (literally) laughing out loud. Plus, the tender moments you have with Amanda and some of the dads is very touching. I also enjoy the inclusion of mini games to break up the monotony of reading text that bogs down the dating sim genre. While they may not be anything unique, most of them copying bedazzled or pool type forms, they were still fast paced and fun enough to interject a little challenge into the dates. Also, as a music nerd I really enjoy the inclusion of PUP and Baths in the soundtrack.Cons: The writing was the shining star of the game to me but I wish the endings were more varied. Each date is very unique and really let's you get a feel for the dad of your choice, but often when it comes down to those final moments it feels a little lackluster. Dating sims usually have either crazy good endings or even insane abrupt (sometimes even deadly) bad endings and Dream Daddy doesn't really do either. While in a way the optimist in me actually kind of enjoys the lack of truly negative endings, it would be nice to see the relationships flourish in different ways. Also, their are some plotlines left unresolved, or at least in the four dad's I played through so far.Overall, I truly enjoyed my time with Dream Daddy and I'll probably plow through the rest of the endings too just to spend some more time in this universe. What it may lack in length it more than makes up for in it's heart and humor."
,Recommended,654880,33760124,Posted: 23 July,all,Alpha Rose,"Adore this game. Still haven't finished every route just yet but I've been enjoying it a lot. The jokes actually had me laughing, and the player character is Extremely Relatable. Also, I care so much about my daughter and her future???? The music is chill too. (Stream-friendly mode is also funny as hell when it comes to music I suggest checking that out)"
76561198174033742,Recommended,654880,34544644,Posted: 27 August,all,ScribbleParadise,Will it be in spanish some day?
,Recommended,654880,33681921,Posted: 20 July,all,bratzgrl98,dad jokes
76561198144021590,Recommended,654880,33957058,Posted: 1 August,all,Kex,robert small
76561198285199583,Recommended,654880,33880033,Posted: 29 July,all,The Gay Avenger,Got to be a dad without the hassle of actually raising kids.
,Recommended,654880,33869885,Posted: 28 July,all,The_Rlist,decent
76561198412025872,Recommended,654880,34234296,Posted: 14 August,all,Avalon Vampire,I disliked a few of the endings (ie joseph's) but overall it was a really fun game.
,Recommended,654880,34236391,Posted: 14 August,all,eat all sosig,im not gay i swear
76561198273421429,Recommended,654880,33703934,Posted: 21 July,all,VIVA LA GOAT EGG,This isn't what my parents wanted for me
,Recommended,654880,33703868,Posted: 21 July,all,Grandpa Trinity,"""Game Grumps is 5 years old and we thought it time to redesign the gaming industry for the new millenia.We wanted something complex in its simplicity but simple in its complexity, to take the core of what the industry is and get to the heart of what its always been.To start with we took the original aesthetic and broke it down to its base components.We found trace elements of Copper, Zinc, and Asbestos.The so called ""Dads"" which we invented which we internally refer to as ""Daddies"" orbit an excessive display of the font bd cartoon shout, and all embraced by our proprietary trademarked color Q*bert Orange, a trademark of Gamegrump Inc. LLC.With these defining features in mind, we started asking ourselves questions like ""What is design?"" ""What are shapes?"".A cube is not a square... Or is it? A square is not a cube... Or is it?We dug deeper and deeper and ignored everyone with a differing opinion until we emerged on the other side and our vision was clear. We designed a new game that will carry the industry forward for the next 5 or even 5 billion years.It has the passion of the old industry, married with the efficient mindset of the current viewer. The ""Crayon mécanique"" of the new generation.I'm proud to present, not just the new game industry but the new... New.Here is: Dream Daddy.Never before has a youtube channel created a game with such specificity and relatable design.Dream Daddy is the start of something magical.The new industry can be a lot to take in, so let's go through it step by step.First, obviously is the removal of the Daddies, which is the Dads. We think this introduces a new bland of inclusivity.We're all Daddies.Additionally, we compressed the remainder of the logo into a solid, unibody form factorbut with that familiar Q*bert Orange we all know and love. Next, we added a little d in the corner.The D stands for Daddy.On the technical side, we've quantized the pixels for maximum offline functionnality and we've baked the SEO terms directly into the metadata of the new industry.Which is also, 100% LCD screen compatible.It's scalable, relatable, climbable, able, mable and even a table.It's the best game we've ever made, in fact, it's the best game anybody's ever made.Join us for the new age of internet gaming. Join us for the future of people talking over video games.Join us.For Daddies.""-Arin Hanson, CEO of Game Grumps and Entrepreneur we will all remember"
76561198069592985,Recommended,654880,33779410,Posted: 24 July,all,Emmalemmabatman,Craig is the superior daddy.
,Recommended,654880,33730219,Posted: 22 July,all,LinkZero,10/10 best dad gameDad puns galore
76561198277468618,Recommended,654880,33735688,Posted: 22 July,all,KnifeFriend,it is good and gay. yeah.
76561198179142339,Recommended,654880,33721322,Posted: 22 July,all,YourConscience,"This game was so surprisingly earnest and sweet which I was so relieved about. It had wonderfully positive lgbt, racial, and even mental illness representation!! The dad puns were neverending and hilarious and the art is just so gorgeous and charming. Usually with games like these I have a favourite and stick to them but honestly I played all routes and loved them all <3 <3 thank you for making this game"
76561198089664394,Recommended,654880,33790945,Posted: 25 July,all,solanist,Gave a heart-to-heart honest advice both to the knife dad and myself (and cried meanwhile). what a good game
76561198074590174,Recommended,654880,33733599,Posted: 22 July,all,sl1283,Great game but the game is running to hard on my mac even on the lowest graphic settings.  Might be my computer or the coding not done correct.
76561198079768846,Recommended,654880,33703591,Posted: 21 July,all,savekittykat0,"This game... oh my god... Theres so much to do... And feels replayable.I am a proud trans man whos a dad, and I have banged every dad it was great.This is a very good dating sim/visual novel, if you enjoy dating sims this ones a good one to play. It would also be a great starter dating sim. But DO  NOT go into it like its a diffrent game genera."
76561198120349942,Recommended,654880,33788869,Posted: 25 July,all,witchymagics,"Honestly one of the best dating sims I've played in a long time. Despite of some minor loading glitches(loading into scenes with missing dialog boxes, mysteriously vanashing background music, characters that are not suppose to be in the scene stuck in poses and places they where in the scene prior, Mat's glasses disappearing randomly), it has incredibly charming writing that sucks you in; the kind that makes your face hurt from smiling, and gets you all teary eyes in all them good ways. Heres hoping they continue to make more beautiful, captivating game! I'd be down for dating some marvellous mommies ; )Also, if anyones planning on making merch for this game, PLEASE sell that egg nip t-shirt. I need that in my life asap"
76561198321308139,Recommended,654880,33804246,Posted: 26 July,all,lovedaluce,"This game really is wonderful. It explores some of the intricate parts of being a homosexual man, being a father, being a guy, and the human condition. I also have to applaud the writing of this game. The script is really amazing for a game that is, ultimately, very simplistic in style and gameplay. The word ""gay"" is actually never used once anywhere. There are no outright mentions or even questions from any character at any time about your Dadsona's (or any other character's) sexuality. It takes place in a universe in which there is no taboo or political aspects of sexuality, which is actually very refreshing and makes the game that much smoother. Plus, the puns and overall humor and allusions to pop culture are excellent and in no way shoehorned into the game in a desperate attempt to make it more relatable.Additionally, I have to commend the use of the player's daughter being ethnically ambiguous, but clearly not caucasian. Once again there is no troublesome questioning or mentions of why your daughter's skin may or may not match your own. This little detail also doesn't end up creating a plot hole, because the biological mother (should you choose your Dadsona to have had a heterosexual relationship originally) is shown being non-caucasian as well.Now, as for some not-so-great aspects...the game certainly isn't perfect. My main qualm was with the way the universal scenes (scenes that appear no matter which path you choose for your Dadsona) connect to the datable dad-specific scenes. A lot of times there would be continuity errors that would make the following scene confusing or incorrect. One example: depending on your choice of path with the initial encounter with the character of Robert, your Dadsona may or may not have time to shower the next morning. Regardless of whether or not you've chosen the path in which the game describes your Dadsona having time to shower before running out of the house, the next scene has your Dadsona saying he feels kind of gross because he ""didn't have time to shower or brush [his] teeth."" Boom; continuity error that causes a discrepancy in the linking of the specific to the universal scenes.Next, there are rampant spelling mistakes in the text. Even some of the best console games (Kingdom Hearts, for example) have the occasional mistake when the copyist entered the original script into the game's coding, but unfortunately Dream Daddy has more than a few. One of the ""Dad Tips"" on the loading screen has not only a missing word, but a formatting mistake in the sentence which creates a weird spacing gap between words. There are also several off-screen character names that are misspelled due to their infrequency, the most notable name being ""Colin"" who is mentioned in a universal scene at your daughter's school, but also several more times in Hugo's dad-specific scenes where it is sometimes spelled as ""Collin.""Finally, the only other complaint I have with Dream Daddy is the mini-games that appear on the third date with your chosen Dream Daddy are completely bogus and have little to no instructions at all. A fishing game that follows the most basic formula of a match three style game doesn't even mention that you have to click and drag instead of just clicking on the fish to make matches. This lowers your overall score because the mini-game is timed. Next, the aggressive shift in art styles from one mini-game to another is just bizarre. The penguin mini-game, which also has no instructions at all, has sprites that look like clip art from Windows 95, and not in a purposeful ironic way. The radio mini-game is incredibly frustrating because all you get is a crude modeling of the inner workings of a transistor radio, a few wires, and a bunch of crap for comedic effect. The only instruction you get is ""Fix that radio!"" You've gotta just mess around and hope for the best. The clearly most frustrating mini-game is the piano game. There are no instructions other than to ""Tickle those ivories!"" and ""Please sing along."" I get that the game is supposed to be crappy on purpose because your Dadsona has no idea what he's doing, but there should be some hint that there's no real way to play the game instead of sitting there wondering what you're doing wrong. The Dream Daddy timeline that the piano game exists in is by far the most difficult to get the ""good ending"" on, so it gives the player the impression that they're making a mistake during the mini-game.All in all, Dream Daddy is a super fun, hilarious, and heartfelt game that is simple to play and fun to progress through by figuring out what to say and do on the dates with these 7 Dads who are, in a phrase, way too damn sexy for illustrations. Each Dream Daddy follows a not-too-aggressive stereotype which ends up being flipped on its head in the most creative ways. There's some cursing and sexual content (no nudity, though) which make the game slightly edgy and more realistic, especially getting to see some of the Dads without their shirts, and without their original costumes shown on the title screen and during your initial meetings with them.I absolutely recommend this game to anyone with that ""contemporary"" SNL-style sense of humor, gay or straight, regardless of gender. It's hilarious, wholesome, sexy, clever, and devastatingly heartfelt in all the right ways."
76561198366705735,Not Recommended,654880,33776239,Posted: 24 July,all,Little McGriddle,really can't say anything about the game ....i've spent more then 3 fricken days trying to just get the damn game running but it won't even fricken start
,Recommended,654880,33733330,Posted: 22 July,all,thatAlPal,good
,Recommended,654880,33694170,Posted: 21 July,all,SliverSpark,"No, marinara sause is NOT a smoothie and pineapple doesn't belong on pizza. Never the less 10/10 would rec"
,Recommended,654880,33694355,Posted: 21 July,all,heuongg,"I don't usually play this kinda game; but this was worth buying, I love Craig. Story might been short but the possible twist made the game so much better."
,Recommended,654880,33802649,Posted: 25 July,all,causticsugar,"Overall, I obviously can't lie and say I didn't enjoy the game. My hours spent here betray me.The character designs are nice and it's good to see diversity among the dads. Attempts were made to lessen the trope-y effect, but unfortunately, that is a daunting task to do when you're given such little time to truly get to know these dads. Having only 3 in-game dates would be fine if those dates were more fleshed out and exciting. For me, at least, this didn't really ruin the game for me, and can easily be overlooked if you're planning on unlocking both the good and bad endings for all 7 dads. I found myself getting emotionally attached to all the adult characters and Amanda, some more than others, but an attachment nonetheless. The other dads' children were hit and miss, and even after playing out all available endings, I still feel like the other children were accessories and didn't really leave a lasting impact (except River, who by default was always there attached to Craig).All endings basically tie into a single ending with dialogue changes, meaning I would click the skip button until I reached the specific ""altered"" dialogue. That perhaps was the most disappointing aspect of the game. I would've rather waited several more months for the game to be feel fully completed than to have a singular ""one size fits all"" type of ending, but I digress. Having the ending center around Amanda can say a lot about your dadsona, so it's kind of forgivable, however, I expected more from such a hyped game. The dating sim genre tends to allow for more creativity.I abused the save function a lot, saving before every dialogue option to ensure I chose the one which would entice the reaction I wanted. Not sure yet if that's a good or bad thing, but it does make the dialogue choosing in this game of little consequence. Instead of having to deal with a decision I made, I could instantly reverse it. However, without this option, the game could be seen as a tedious chore, again because of the repetition of the game. You'll find yourself using the skip button a lot in your achievement and ending hunting.While the dadsona seemed cartoonish in comparison to the other dads, I found it endearing and quite charming to have this caricature as the player. It just felt right, and it made the other dads all falling for your character much more entertaining. I love character customization, so this of course would never be a feature I'd criticize.As a final comment, the game still has some bugs and pathway glitches littered about. From dialogue mistakes (such as choosing Amanda's other parental figure as being a mother but constantly having them referred to as Amanda's second dad) to bugs causing Joseph's twins to overlay a specific scene in Craig's second date... Not to mention just the general bugs saving in the middle of a date or other dialogue causes (an example would be the few times the character sprites would be enclosed in boxes, such as being in Robert's car or driving Damien around, and saving + loading the screen will cause the sprites to disappear off screen... as well as the hearts + eggplants + black spots overlays upon choosing dialogue being off-centre and completely to the side of the screen). I'm not surprised, as even games which have been released for weeks can require debugging, but these issues combined with several others pointed out start to amass into a singular central issue:The game could have used more time in development. It feels incomplete, and hollow at times, in comparison to other dating sims I've played (such as Hatoful Boyfriend, Huniepop, etc.). The game has no distinguishing feature that makes it unique in comparison to other dating sims, such as a specific puzzle game (speaking of which, the golf mini game is broken and needs attention) or central plot twist.Although I've griped about this game, there are some things that absolutely cannot be overlooked. The game is fun, colorful, comedic, and clearly a passion project. I did not mind the voice acting, as many other games incorporate this style (such as Fire Emblem). The score was pleasant and oddly enough I did not find myself tiring of it even upon hearing certain tracks numerous times in a row. The dates were enjoyable and the minigames were well spread throughout the character paths and dates (ultimately making Brian's route the most fun). LGBT + POC representation in a non-fetishy way is always appreciated. I expect my time played to only increase as I continue experimenting with the dialogue options as I await fixes, changes, and possibly additions. I definitely still recommend this game where it is currently at for those on the fence or not 100% sure about it yet."
,Recommended,654880,33983293,Posted: 2 August,all,DASH,"This has become one of my favourite games. I've been looking forward to it for a very long time.It has both humor (of course, dad jokes) and some serious development. They really make you love the characters. I especially love the trans inclusion."
,Recommended,654880,33710494,Posted: 21 July,all,Toast,10/10 would date dads again
76561198088123804,Recommended,654880,33812784,Posted: 26 July,all,theboundwoman,"Great Art, Puns and Dads what more could you want?"
76561198409504910,Recommended,654880,33985295,Posted: 2 August,all,coolmath_games,i just realised that the 'Save Ferris' achievement is not only as a pun about Ferris Beuller but also bc that was a fxkin ska band in the 90s im so mad
76561198076830392,Recommended,654880,34060335,Posted: 6 August,all,surreally,love it! the writing is hilarious and adorable and i think i got most of the references??? wholesome dad goodness. only issue is you cant get with one of the dads? and hes a real peach????? what kind of dating sim sets you up to date a specific dad when you actually cant i mean????????? love love love thoalso probs not worth $15 but like maybe 5 or 10
,Recommended,654880,34054825,Posted: 6 August,all,Lua,"This game's title makes it seem like it will be a complete parody, but it actually has a very good story and I'm not going to lie it made me rethink my position on not wanting kids. Amanda is an amazing character."
,Recommended,654880,34058080,Posted: 6 August,all,Drone,"So the best summary I can come up with: it's short and sweet.Visual novels/dating sims are definitely not my thing, but the game has gotten such good buzz that I had to pick it up (and let's face it, there are some hot dads in it). Calling it a Dad Dating Simulator is really only half the story, as it's just as much a Single Dad Raising An 18 Year Old Daughter Simulator. The writing and characterization are really superb, and as a fan of awful dadjokes, the amount of puns in this game really brought a smile to my face.PROS:-Great writing and art style-Sweet, but not too sweet-Touches on a wide array of modern issues in a thoughtful way.-Good amount of replayability, but you'll have to speed through Act One until you can unlock Dadbook and start seeing the personalities of the various dads.NEUTRAL:-Like I said, it's just as much Daughter Simulator as it is anything else. This may or may not be your cup of tea -- however, the character and dialogue with your daughter are REALLY well written, and it is a really sweet story about a single dad. I didn't really expect it from this game going in, though.CONS:-Very short. Assuming you beeline toward romancing a specific dad, you'll finish it in around 2 hours.-You get three ""dates"" with each dad, which makes it feel a bit short. In the storyline that I picked (Craig), it was a very slow burn. The first two dates didn't feel terribly date-y, which is made worse by the fact that Craig is also your former roommate, and you continue to call each other ""bro"" until the end. Makes it feel a bit less like you're dating Craig and more like he's just a hot buddy.All in all, I'm looking forward to playing through the other storylines just to see what the other dads' personalities and backstories are like. It is what I expected it to be. Grab it if you want to date some interesting dads or if you're already used to visual novel type stuff, otherwise wait until it's on sale."
76561198093189249,Recommended,654880,33678648,Posted: 20 July,all,WeirdFish,Great game!! :) The waiting was worth it. So fun to play. Amazing!!
76561198114270061,Recommended,654880,33678954,Posted: 20 July,all,DizzyDwarf42,It is good game
,Recommended,654880,33678948,Posted: 20 July,all,Miles,this was amazing. tf
76561198403043734,Recommended,654880,33690534,Posted: 21 July,all,khorv,"Can definitely see all the love and effort that went into this game. Dev team should be proud, grats!"
,Recommended,654880,33690539,Posted: 21 July,all,chooplays,i usually find dating sims tedious but i've clocked like 8 hours of this already now and i've spent 80% of that time smiling so wide my face hurts so thanks daddies for my life
,Not Recommended,654880,34359952,Posted: 19 August,all,nevarrite,Doesn't work.
,Recommended,654880,33724925,Posted: 22 July,all,MinxChester,"This was adorable. Excellent writing and humor (to be fair, I love dad jokes), and the relationship you can build with your daughter is really sweet. Just enough adult humor to make it sexy without being risque, and pleasantly challenging to score with the dads. I'm curious if different endings are possible with specific characters, or if some are happy endings and some never are. Overall though, extremely fun."
76561198256594640,Recommended,654880,34360853,Posted: 19 August,all,Sparrow21,"I love this game, It's really sweet."
,Recommended,654880,34074142,Posted: 6 August,all,Jake Vantas,"Love the humour, love the gayness.I'm definitely glad my sister talked me into this. The game is very sweet and funny, with some serious touches here and there. Definitely enjoyed playing."
,Recommended,654880,34565662,Posted: 28 August,all,josh924,Yes
,Recommended,654880,33942134,Posted: 31 July,all,Kokigen,"It's a delightful story thats surprisingly inclusive and sweet. There are a certain amount of bugs, and I might advise for waiting for a sale purely because of the lack of content. While each dad was unique and interesting, there was a surprising lack of content after you decide on a dad. It feels like a somewhat rushed ending. I can understand why since they're largely trying to keep it appropriate and not oversexualize the gay dads, which I'm 100% behind. But they could have continued the dad's relationship after you settle on a dad and kept it light and pg.I don't know what most dating sims are like, but one thing that really pulled me out of it was the isolated story lines. It would have been nice to have a main story where you can interact with the dads and still have it effect the outcome. As it is, the opening is the only scene where your choices can affect the whole storyline. I would've liked it if your actions with one dad affected your ending with another. Like if you slept with Robert your main dad would take offence or something. I don't know it just felt weird how you pick up in different storylines and times even though you're supposed to be looking for friends and all."
,Recommended,654880,33754700,Posted: 23 July,all,hoog...,good♥♥♥♥♥
76561198055621003,Recommended,654880,33810544,Posted: 26 July,all,AugustStorm,This game is amazing and wholesome.
76561198288950568,Recommended,654880,33823554,Posted: 26 July,all,Kiwi,Daddy betta make me choKE
,Recommended,654880,33955984,Posted: 1 August,all,TokenAngel,"The only things that bother me is: 1 the personallity of your dad is just horrible, there is some stuff he says and I just cringe because it was so horrible. 2 the mini games, I feel like they're meant for you to fail, like the minigolf, or the concert one, there is no way I could have completed that. I just wish your dad wasnt so awkward when it comes to certain stuff,it would be cool if you could choose how he reacts to things better. It's like the times I do get to choose what to say he goes completely against them. Like with Brian I did not want to lie about how great I am at fishing but it literally gave me no other choice and it makes me mad..."
,Recommended,654880,33980799,Posted: 2 August,all,xxedizonxx,If I wasn't the top during that margarita zone ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t yacht piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I should have been the top since Hes the one that ♥♥♥♥ed my heart in the♥♥♥♥♥ Also Hugo and Damien are the best dads and fight me on this.
,Recommended,654880,34364256,Posted: 19 August,all,NickMcPanda,Best game on Steam TBH
,Recommended,654880,33754345,Posted: 23 July,all,Ello'MyLover!,"Now im not a supporter of game grumps, theough i know roughly what they're about. This game i knew it must have been decent for it to be selling at £10.99, no matter what your currency is. The character developemtn is interesting. A tad tedious at time, but i think that a lot of thought was put into the creation of this and it'll be fun to see what updates come from it"
,Recommended,654880,34061841,Posted: 6 August,all,England,"Mild manner gay sim game. Nothing like Absolute Obedience or Heirs and Graces. A good gateway and easy to play dating sim game. Script was well written and fun to read. Could use more custom choices on ""build that dad"" chapter and Mircophone uses to voice some dads were poor choices. Only encountered one bug but that was patched that same morning. Still trying to find a possible cult ending, lol."
76561198063453190,Recommended,654880,33754651,Posted: 23 July,all,Envianne,this game caters to both my daddy issues and my gay nature. 10/10 would dad again
,Recommended,654880,33913396,Posted: 30 July,all,D e v i,"One of the most enjoyable games I've played for a long time. It's funny, cute, charming and ♥♥♥♥ YOU JOSEPH YOU PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198084519520,Recommended,654880,33758169,Posted: 23 July,all,knife dad,"it's great. a lil rough around the edges in places, but still an overall quality game. good fun!!"
,Recommended,654880,33824344,Posted: 26 July,all,Ms. Mini Moose,"Great art, fantastic writing, and best of all, PUNS."
76561198071021885,Recommended,654880,33955997,Posted: 1 August,all,Rand0m27,This game is great. I hope to see more like it in the future! I've found a few bugs. Since the update. The penguin mini game is very glitchy for what ever reason. And a few typos.  But other than that. I have nothing bad to say about this. I love it. I'm glad to be represented in what my interests are. Thanks game grumps.
76561198350081683,Recommended,654880,34073510,Posted: 6 August,all,Owinmail,"I've actually never played a dating sim game before in mYYYY Lifeeeeeee! I saw that Dream Daddys was trending and was curious, had a quick chuckle over the delightful possibility of an LGBTQ dating game 'cuz damn how cute, BUT. PASSED. Like, I said, not usually interested. But, then I watched a few streams weeks later when Youtube recommended them to me and what really brought me into the game was the unique passion and devotion the creators clearly had in creating it. I usually think of dating sims as being less of 'Choose Your Own Adventures' and more like Manga or Anime tales where my choices don't really seem to matter that much except about whether or not I 'win' the game. Which, to me, always sounded really boring. But watching these other gamers play through made me realize that DDADDS was pretty different.""Dream Daddy"" is a really unique, cool game. And, I'm genuinely interested/invested in the Dads, daughters, wives, and sons in it now... I want a 'WHOSE YOUR DADDY' sequel, plz. And, also a Moms Finding Love prequel or sequel idk but I trust the creators to do it. I like that this game has so many specific results to every choice you make. It seems like a dating game where your personality actually means a lot and matters to the unfolding events which is great! And, the fact that they keep updating/adding to it is also extremely appealing to me and seems to make that $15 even more worth it. I don't always think of creators being so invested that they keep working post-release but the creators on this game are working harder than ever <3 so please. Do not deny yourself an amazing dad-pun filled experience. This game is really for everyone. I've already recommended it IRL a couple of times haha, but much like how I never download dating sims, I like also never write reviews, so this is rare for me. Kudos to you, Dream Daddy! Your game means a yacht to me."
,Recommended,654880,34566542,Posted: 28 August,all,Korok Champion,its a good game about got dads dateing each other 15/10 Korok seeds
76561198080356287,Recommended,654880,33818724,Posted: 26 July,all,a cool kid,Great game!!! fun and flirty
76561198015354292,Recommended,654880,33843824,Posted: 27 July,all,Arbol,Yes
76561198202530799,Recommended,654880,34062450,Posted: 6 August,all,rosie121901,Awesome!
76561198042008557,Recommended,654880,33699697,Posted: 21 July,all,Salazard,"So inclusive and cute, so many dad puns, Just get it you ll make a homophobic crybaby mad as a bonus.15/10"
,Recommended,654880,33678230,Posted: 20 July,all,Henry,Let's me live out my deepest dad fantasies. 10/10
,Recommended,654880,33678269,Posted: 20 July,all,ash,"This is a Dad simulator, through and through. Thank you for this gift, Game Grumps."
76561198405077604,Recommended,654880,33699934,Posted: 21 July,all,ricegum,!!!good!!!!!
76561198382863300,Recommended,654880,33726569,Posted: 22 July,all,D:,10/10a game for those who want to fufill their daddy dreams
76561198407679592,Recommended,654880,33779529,Posted: 24 July,all,yholland267,"This is my very first Steam game I bought. I've heard a lot about Dream Daddy but what made me impulse buy this was the fact that a lot of youtubers were enjoying it. I love the fact that it's not a stereotypical lgbt date sim. It's not about sex or drugs but just about forming relationships with people.The comedy in this game is better than I expected! I normally just skip the dialogue in date sims because it's boring but here the dad jokes are gold!People are saying this game is short but I don't see it that way. There are so many different ways to play this game! I'm playing the game by talking to a dad a day because I put so much energy into getting a Dad to like me, but a lot can happen were I might have to start all over and play it again because I messed up and that's fun!Overall I never write reviews because I suck at them but I highly recommend this game. It isn't a game just for the LGBT community. I'm extremely happy to see different orientations playing the game and having fun."
,Recommended,654880,35214374,Posted: 25 September,all,CaptainWexs,"The game is funny to own and I get a kick out of playing it for no reason, I recommend it."
,Recommended,654880,35163305,Posted: 23 September,all,tony,give me the asian daddy
76561198027013262,Recommended,654880,35202472,Posted: 25 September,all,Jerky XP,Reading isn't my strong suit but this game was made by game grumps so it'll have to be a thumbs up.
76561198059583384,Recommended,654880,35214670,Posted: 25 September,all,Empress of the Unicorns,SO MANY HOT DADS.
76561198398098709,Recommended,654880,33678614,Posted: 20 July,all,Zeyphir,I really love this game.The characters and the music are great!plus it's so cute!10/10 dads
76561198050157236,Not Recommended,654880,34181596,Posted: 11 August,all,MamaButtonMash,"Dating sims are probably one of the easiest games to program, and yet this game caused my computer to crash while in it's abysmal character creator.There is absolutely no reason why this game should have the requirements it has to run, I have played more complex dating sims on my /phone/.0/10 literally unplayable."
,Recommended,654880,33702218,Posted: 21 July,all,ScaryMan,"WHOA WHOA WHOADID YOUR GAME JUST TRY TO PUSH IT'SLIBERALHOMOSEXUAL AGENDA ON ME?!!!!!!! NOT TODAY SONNIE, I'M NOT FALLING FOR ANOTHER ONE OF THOSE.good point and click adventure game"
,Recommended,654880,33825089,Posted: 26 July,all,Spacecraftz,"I'm not gay, But i like ♥♥♥♥ing dads."
,Not Recommended,654880,34176685,Posted: 11 August,all,JJYTReal,"This game has never worked for me. Maybe I have a bad copy. I'm not sure what's wrong but to save anyone having to ask for a refund, dont get the game."
,Not Recommended,654880,33963045,Posted: 1 August,all,DraugurDodger,"I don't think they get what a Daddy is in the gay community.Also the stories are way too short, your own character has the worst art than everyone else, and I honestly felt it was too campy to be anything but that."
,Not Recommended,654880,34053410,Posted: 5 August,all,Megan♡Renee,this game sucks
76561198246211584,Not Recommended,654880,33743781,Posted: 23 July,all,435809735,"the gameplay was okay, some lines r pretty funnybut for those who (me) want some kind of sexual stuff, u r gonna be disappointed, the cgs were not good at allit's so overpriced compared to games like coming out on top, which has nice content and cgs, and get this... Freeoverall just kinda disappointed, been looking forward to this game a lot :("
76561198313905456,Recommended,654880,34354296,Posted: 19 August,all,elfess,Daddy.
76561198331777163,Recommended,654880,33685745,Posted: 20 July,all,GenderlessP,This game is so beautiful
,Recommended,654880,33752124,Posted: 23 July,all,Theoneofmanytoms,Daddy
,Recommended,654880,33774969,Posted: 24 July,all,catgrump,I.  Love.  These.  Dads.Bi/Pan representation!  Trans representation!  Complex characters that aren't abherently good or evil!  Lots of puns!  Cute dogs!  Honestly this game is everything I could've wanted and more.  It's worth every penny.
,Recommended,654880,33812895,Posted: 26 July,all,qqwik,I love my daughter and i will never stop loving her.oh yeah also i love the dads i guess
76561198043594583,Recommended,654880,33838285,Posted: 27 July,all,Disgusting Queen,;)
76561198104521313,Recommended,654880,33734569,Posted: 22 July,all,Shay,"The art's great and the overall story and gameplay is really charming. The diversity and the lgbt-ness helps this dating game stand out from all the other.Also, Game Grumps"
,Recommended,654880,33816391,Posted: 26 July,all,AccioRedhead,"So funny and sweet at the same time and the art is so charming and pretty to look at! Totally worth the wait, would absolutely recommend!"
,Recommended,654880,33694345,Posted: 21 July,all,Ashton,Oh my lord this game is amazing 10/10 would dad again
,Recommended,654880,33718906,Posted: 22 July,all,BatmanJammies,"""I think I might have taped over a Veggietales VHS with the Shining. Who Knows."""
,Recommended,654880,33723830,Posted: 22 July,all,MeyJaX,♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥ing Penguin♥♥♥♥♥♥what the ♥♥♥♥ man
,Recommended,654880,33814146,Posted: 26 July,all,Megan,"Considering this was their first game, it was pretty fantastic. Could some things be improved upon? Sure! The writing overall is well done. My only downside is the character creator. Some of the presets could be improved. I also found some typos and grammatical errors... but after a patch it could be better... Some of the mini games felt redundant after a while. The characters all felt different from each other though and I really appreciated that. Each dad was unique."
,Recommended,654880,34172642,Posted: 11 August,all,LyingBlood,"This game is amazing, the puns are great, if you dislike it you are a ♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,654880,33712855,Posted: 21 July,all,hadstar,"10,000/10lov goth dadlov my daughterup all night to pet puppies"
76561198212293599,Recommended,654880,33712937,Posted: 21 July,all,lesleyannharper,"8/10 not enough ""Hi [X] I'm Dad"" jokes(JUST KIDDING 100/10 IT'S THE BEST DATING SIM EVER)Seriously, amazing work. Super inclusive, genuinely heartfelt stuff, and amazing writing."
,Recommended,654880,33712782,Posted: 21 July,all,BB2,This game actuall made me feel really happy when I first playthorugh it. I felt like I was gonna cry- and it left me wanting to play it again and again trying to figure out whats going on in this town
76561198163209191,Recommended,654880,33712991,Posted: 21 July,all,Ivan the Mutilator,"This game is absolutely wonderful. It fits together nicely, the characters are relatable to in one way or another, and the dialouge and jokes are amazing. I came into the game expecting something simple and I got overwhelmed with...everything...no other way to put it. This game is certainly not afraid to wade into waters you wouldn't expect. I love it. 10/10"
76561198046799447,Recommended,654880,33864200,Posted: 28 July,all,Maxochist,"Wonderful art and charming characters are the games most prominent features. Beyond the general positivity of being a dad getting with dads, there's a lot to the games subtle inclusivity. I have no particular fondness for dating sims, but I found Dream Daddy to be a wonderful experience nonetheless. The only gripe I could find with it is a want for more."
,Recommended,654880,33681969,Posted: 20 July,all,drive like i do,"Robert is a precious cinnamon roll and needs to be protected at all costs.(Also, that's a great game, yes. And, just in case you didn't get it, Robert is the dreamiest daddy.)"
,Recommended,654880,33817075,Posted: 26 July,all,milkyi,i love this game so much and it's so good so far<3
,Recommended,654880,33864082,Posted: 28 July,all,anisenpai,"This, to me, is a very heart-warming and interesting dating game. While I have playeda bunch of gay dating games before, this one definitely feels more ""realistic"" in a wayand deeper than I thought it would have been.I enjoyed dating every character, even the ones I weren't interested in from the start.Couldn't help but feel that I wanted more dates with more romance, since it's my weakness.Also the interactions with the daughter was awesome, I really began to care for her and oursilly little convos and inside jokes. By the way, there are plenty of cool dad jokes in this game.There were a few minor bugs and I was disappointed with one of the endingsbecause it felt very incomplete (not going to spoil).But it wouldn't put me off from buying the game, which is awesome.8/10 - It's a wonderful game that could become even better with some tweaks."
,Recommended,654880,33710617,Posted: 21 July,all,rei,My sugar daddy bought me this game and I am throuougly disappointed. It's sad that you only get to go on three dates w the hot daddy of your dreams and then he's just TAKEN FROM YOU.
,Recommended,654880,33865837,Posted: 28 July,all,takizuzufu,"The game was well done. The art was beautiful and the story was interesting. There was not much actual gameplay, so the game got boring pretty quickly. However, it was good enough to come back to the next day.I really liked how you could choose to be a male or a female to male transgender. I have not seen an option like that in a game before. The most I have seen is being able to cross dress your character, which isn't quite the same.However, I did not like the fact that you were restricted to only being male. I would have liked the option to choose whether you could be a female, male to female, male, or female to male. This shouldn't affect the game much more than changing some words to be female/mom related.Overall, pretty good game that could use some polishing up and some added features."
,Recommended,654880,33888925,Posted: 29 July,all,YourCuteTexan,The dad puns are amazing. I love it soo much!
76561198261204292,Recommended,654880,33890014,Posted: 29 July,all,mooreslily,Cool
76561198408887092,Recommended,654880,34086853,Posted: 7 August,all,mackenziegibbs782,I love it
,Recommended,654880,33685660,Posted: 20 July,all,Eric,Just buy it already
,Recommended,654880,33775688,Posted: 24 July,all,Luna The Assassin,I love this game so much! I was want this for 50 years! I have daddy kink and gay addition right now.
,Recommended,654880,33813381,Posted: 26 July,all,Toma-chan,"I'm not gonna spit on a queer dating simulator lmao I'm not insane. The day they start flooding the market I just might, but.. nah, not today. Especially not on a game where you can FEEL the amount of care & hard work the devs poured into it. 11/10"
76561198277767458,Not Recommended,654880,34075179,Posted: 6 August,all,jaimeeisthebombdiggidy,"I usually never buy games, but decided to buy this one after seeing good reviews.  However my macbook won't go past the opening ""game grumps"" screen.  I have seen a few reviews from mac users complaining about the same thing, so I hope you release an update soon that will fix this, because this is extremely dissapointing."
76561198262032546,Recommended,654880,33677527,Posted: 20 July,all,nea.the.great,Love it. I've always wanted to be a dad. Now I am. I'm Dad Dad. Good game. everyone should play it.
,Recommended,654880,33734433,Posted: 22 July,all,Samiretas,Lovely <3
76561198408694574,Not Recommended,654880,34041138,Posted: 5 August,all,ronndarwin,"Wow, had the game for 5 days and enjoyed it greatly, so much better than just surfin the net....But after 5 days,  it failed to open, had to uninstall both Steam and Dream Daddy,  and have had to do so EVERY DAMN TIME I LOG OFF AND THEN TRY TO PLAY AGAIN!Sent an email to Dream Daddy yesterday, so far no response and Steam has no one to talk to...Should I dump it?  Get a refund?"
76561198024658019,Recommended,654880,33687520,Posted: 20 July,all,Silenekitty,The daddliest game 10/10
,Not Recommended,654880,34811291,Posted: 8 September,all,N I G H T M A R E E Y E S,The golf achievement is bull**** and makes me want to kill myself and its a million times too short. I've played longer games that are actually dating sims for free.
76561198253020536,Recommended,654880,33753601,Posted: 23 July,all,jwyatt994,Daddy spank me O.^
76561198401662109,Recommended,654880,33885495,Posted: 29 July,all,CosmicSix,I want to date all of the dads :)
76561198276970950,Not Recommended,654880,33752631,Posted: 23 July,all,Terryfold,It can be a good game to record for YouTube and laugh with your friends but the game is boring. You basically read what the people say and answer a question every 5 minutes. I know I did play the game for long but I didn't want to continue. It's not even a simulation really.
76561198321459006,Recommended,654880,33818925,Posted: 26 July,all,samthefanboy,jgvnjdkfvzd im lovr damien hes so wsweet weijnvjfdji im lovre
,Recommended,654880,33950427,Posted: 1 August,all,atmarie,it's lit yo
,Recommended,654880,34349065,Posted: 19 August,all,guld45,Would buy again just for the dad puns ;-)
76561198062451419,Recommended,654880,33735078,Posted: 22 July,all,MysticMermaid,>First Time Playing>End up sleeping with Robert on the first night.10/10 Game!
76561198137353727,Recommended,654880,33679146,Posted: 20 July,all,Nit,I'm gonna do you a solid and dad for it. I'm gonna pre!
,Recommended,654880,33872149,Posted: 28 July,all,≈BTBgames≈,"Holy ♥♥♥♥ing balls get ready for this reveiw first of all, made by Game Grumps, awesome and second of all the music is awesome I like the dreeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaam daddy theme song its awesome. And this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing funny and it points out awkwardness and takes it to a whole new level. ummm my favorite character is probbably Robert because he just looks badass!! 10 / 10 art style 10 / 10 music 10 / 10 funnieness!!"
,Not Recommended,654880,33724395,Posted: 22 July,all,SwoodMadden,The funny youtube man dingus dongus was rightArt is as boring as the dialogues and the games itself. Nobody would care if not for GG.
76561198290291437,Recommended,654880,34079837,Posted: 7 August,all,MemeRomano,This is what beauty looks like
,Not Recommended,654880,34050792,Posted: 5 August,all,M.C. Tiddles,"I would have recommended this game, as it was absolutely excellent but Joseph dumped me so this game is trash."
,Not Recommended,654880,33881683,Posted: 29 July,all,twitch.tv/Delcady,"Why do I have to put up with Amanda's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t every single scene? She is 18, not 8.I wan't to date dads not go through an entire dialog with Amanda to only have to go through it again. when I finally finish a date.Too much father / daughter interaction. I know that sounds obsurb but its just too much for a simulator like this."
,Not Recommended,654880,33772861,Posted: 24 July,all,Phantom,"Not a game for people that need some stimulation to stay focussed. It was a bit too much reading and it couldn't keep my attention, I've requested a refund."
76561197995085767,Not Recommended,654880,33693426,Posted: 21 July,all,jasili,Thought it would be sexier.
76561198141174442,Recommended,654880,33793836,Posted: 25 July,all,John Cena,"if you dont buy this game your gay as♥♥♥♥♥♥homes because this♥♥♥♥♥♥is the pinnacle of human existance and should be appreciated and played to its full potential, my dog got the game for herself and she ♥♥♥♥in loves it.  so if you still have not bought this game, then you dont know what being alive even is. there once was an unknown question that everyone asked themselves, and that was what the meaning of life was. well we have the awnser. the true meaning of life is this game homes."
76561198062408664,Not Recommended,654880,34046116,Posted: 5 August,all,Joseph Christiansen,mat didnt date me first try i hate him worst game 0/10
,Recommended,654880,33677974,Posted: 20 July,all,evainnightwood,This game is amazing and I waited so very long for it.... It was worth the wait. Can't wait to see what's in store
,Not Recommended,654880,33697007,Posted: 21 July,all,EvilToaster,Not enough dad puns!
76561198004916972,Not Recommended,654880,34157085,Posted: 10 August,all,BLAZINGwaffle56,"Not the best but not the worst, I honestly thought that there would be straight sex options and not be so much of a sausage fest.I would reccomend for people who love father Daughter bonding Movies and cheesy romance films.Its a good concept but it could be more. I am Marking the game as not recommended but I see it more as lost potential on a solid base."
,Not Recommended,654880,33873376,Posted: 28 July,all,Sparky,Please don't waste your ♥♥♥♥ing money.
,Not Recommended,654880,34959672,Posted: 14 September,all,Adomee,i ♥♥♥♥ing hate this boring game
,Not Recommended,654880,33685987,Posted: 20 July,all,Punky,kind of boring. Spend your money on HuniePop
,Not Recommended,654880,33710508,Posted: 21 July,all,Affection Boner,10/10 would not play again.
76561198008843547,Not Recommended,654880,33820051,Posted: 26 July,all,EllieSoufi,"Wanted to support the Game Grumps, but this game is really boring, didn't make it far at all. Too much reading.Theme song is dope though."
76561198070582535,Recommended,654880,33676988,Posted: 20 July,all,aobasdramaticalbooty,It's here!!!! It's GREAT... IT'S GRUMP
76561198077918719,Recommended,654880,33676817,Posted: 20 July,all,hraineh,THE THEME IS GREAT!! It is great lol
76561198098594422,Not Recommended,654880,33875056,Posted: 29 July,all,corn dog lover,dads are so funny xD i hate u game grumps
,Not Recommended,654880,33694383,Posted: 21 July,all,turdgarbage,not gay enough.
,Not Recommended,654880,33797810,Posted: 25 July,all,SQUIDKID69,Bonding with your daughter sim.Skipping the 90% of the game's dialogue sure is fun. Don't buy this. Don't do it. Is no gud.
,Not Recommended,654880,34440195,Posted: 23 August,all,Vovka,"This is 14,99 while you can play dating flash games onnewgrounds.comfor free. This is literal garbage, boring writing, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jokes. I couldn't take it anymore for more than 40 minutes. Screw this game and screw Gay Grumps.I made a request for a refund, don't buy into the ""positive"" reviews nor these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like Markiplier that praise this garbage."
,Recommended,654880,33677524,Posted: 20 July,all,daniziegler,7/7 dads
76561198106319757,Not Recommended,654880,33976428,Posted: 2 August,all,SCULLY,Miss me with that gay♥♥♥♥♥
76561198254698811,Recommended,654880,33676955,Posted: 20 July,all,charlieq4,the daddliest game i ever played. its cute
,Not Recommended,654880,33680591,Posted: 20 July,all,hatty,"By ""voiced"" they mean each character has the same 5 grunts that they play over, and over, and over again. Don't buy it if you're looking for anything more than a generic dating sim."
76561198409066342,Not Recommended,654880,34850517,Posted: 9 September,all,poosh,this game is gay
76561198113177694,Recommended,654880,33677177,Posted: 20 July,all,figdaddy125,It's meh
,Not Recommended,654880,34983789,Posted: 15 September,all,white people are stupid,"there wasnt any cute anime girls only disgusting men, how am i meant to self insert myself having sex with another female if theres only men. 0/10"
76561197999318412,Not Recommended,654880,33679288,Posted: 20 July,all,griffalo,"Boring dialogue, irritating minigames, pathetic payoff. Wish I could get my money back."
,Not Recommended,654880,33677113,Posted: 20 July,all,QJackK,"the game crashes right after config, not able to start it..."
,Recommended,654880,33703449,Posted: 21 July,all,Dramatical Corgi,"this is a very sweet game about sweet dads! the writing in it is great and after the first couple minutes that i talked to your daughter in the game, amanda, i already accepted her as my daughter and cared for her just how a dad would. its great. i love this game. the art is great and there is a lot of replayability with all the dads and all the endings you can get"
,Recommended,654880,33704855,Posted: 21 July,all,katicus,It warms my heart to see how successful the grumps are now. They've created a fun and aesthetically pleasing game about dating hot dads!! What more would you want in a game?
76561198298663875,Recommended,654880,33704296,Posted: 21 July,all,Princeofthotland,BEST DAD DATING GAME EVER!!!!!! <3
,Recommended,654880,33704430,Posted: 21 July,all,Gay Vegan Dad,"So. The game is fun and cute, the characters are nice but, im really let down. It was over hyped in my opinion and its basically a 2 hour game. I wish there was more dialogue as well. I hope there are more dlc's in the future to make up for the lack of dialogue especially from Amanda, its on repeat every route. You'd think Amanda would have something to say about you going on dates with certain dads. Just a bit more variety would be nice because it just feels repetitive and boring after 2 routes"
,Recommended,654880,33705197,Posted: 21 July,all,Redd,It had a very rough release but it was so worth it <3
76561198094263630,Recommended,654880,33705460,Posted: 21 July,all,Gilgamesh,Love the art stylelove that you can comize your daddy at the start (though i wish there were more options)Love the story for the most part nothing too serious that clashes with the light hearted themeWhat wish was that it took more dates and that we had more character devolopment but i know that this is just an Indie game so i shouldnt ask much.if the creators are reading this i just have to say GREAT WORK and keep it upi cant wait to see what these people make next
,Recommended,654880,33705562,Posted: 21 July,all,vulcanology,"this game is so good, the stories are brilliant, and i would kill for my daughter amanda. joseph, you broke my heart, but we'll always have the margarita zone."
,Recommended,654880,33705563,Posted: 21 July,all,enjade,"When I first heard of this game, I was extremely excited. And after all the delays, I'm still loving it. There are some pros and some cons however:Pros:Amazing artwork, the aesthetic is really endearing and adds a lotThe dialogue is humorous and well writtenIt's inclusive to put it simply, it's not the main focus of it, and it's not in your face. The pro-LGBTQ nature is something I really like about it, as well as the inclusion of DOC (Dads of Color)Building off of that, the male/male focus is one that isn't seen very often, and I'm glad I could see it here. The option of bisexuality in not only your character, but also the others is awesomeEach dad has a very unique personality and styleTo build off the last one, the dads feel real, there are some I absolutely loved and some I had no interest in, just like in real-life datingThe mini-games aren't ""easy"" but they aren't diffucult either, they're enjoyableThe music is fantastic, the title screen deserves 11/10 on it's own17/10 on the dad jokes, when you can laugh at them and also inwardly cringe then you know you did it rightCons:It's short, I was expecting it to be a little longer and go more in-depth with the relationship between the dads and your dadsona. Going on three dates is a 45 minute excursion at bestThe relationship between your dadsona and Amanda also seems kind of rushed. I was hoping for more interaction with Amanda, though I won't complain about what we gotIt's a dating sim, so that means you're going to be doing a lot of reading. Without full voice acting, it's easy to feel disconnected. The dad grunts that we got were alright, but I feel that sometimes they were using lines that weren't suitable for the topic, and Hugo's vocals weren't of the best qualityThe customization was nice, but it really could have been better. The illustration doesn't fit with the other dads, and the eyes for your dadsona are REALLY lackingI felt unsatisfied with the ending, like it was lacking with a spark. Yeah, it was cute, but it felt like there wasn't a genuine connection, it felt rushedIn Conclusion:I genuinely enjoyed Dream Daddy. There isn't much of a replay value, but it's fun to just mess around in. While I don't necesarily believe it was worth $14.99, I have high hopes for what it might become as more updates come out and if and when the possibility of DLC is considered. Dream Daddy is an inclusive and enjoyable game. Overall, I recommend it."
,Recommended,654880,33705106,Posted: 21 July,all,Skeleton Bride,"This game is everything I ever wanted and more. It's so inclusive, there are Game Grumps references (I SAW THAT SLEEPY TIME JUNCTION), and the dad jokes are top ♥♥♥♥in notch. I'm so proud of Vernon and the whole team who ave us this revolutionary dating sim!"
,Recommended,654880,33695016,Posted: 21 July,all,Sapphire,"I really liked this game, even if i only played it for 7 hours. It has a warm art style. The story isn't really that unique, but i liked it nonetheless.I would also say that lack of scenes of kissing or holding hands or just me and one other daddy in one scene don't really make it that compelling to play.Do i recommend it? Yes.Would i replay it many times and cry about how i will never have a friend like Craig? Also yes.I really hope there will be a DLC like a reunion or something. Maybe new dads being added.But yeah, i would rate the game 8/10"
76561197993296590,Recommended,654880,33678665,Posted: 20 July,all,Stu,"I'm not very far, but it's already laugh-out-loud funny."
,Recommended,654880,33691279,Posted: 21 July,all,Reaill,"What can I say except wow. This game. Played it for hours on end without wanting to stop. Had to date all the dads to each ending, the characters are endearing and the story the game tells with each dad and your daughter draws you in, the characters have dimension and feeling. The customization for your dad is a really nice touch. The music, art and gameplay and dialogue is comedic genius. It is great. There are a few bugs with random avatars popping up in dialogue if you reset a save point every once in a while but those bugs 'm sure will be fixed and are easilly forgiven for a game with this much character and entertainment. 9/10 (If only to fix the minor bugs) otherwise 10/10, would date another dad over again!"
76561198044219334,Recommended,654880,33691487,Posted: 21 July,all,Noiz2ShutUp,I absolutely love this game. The dialogue is so cute and funny. It's just a well done and solid game. It is different than your typical dating sim but that isn't a bad thing. I've only gone through one ending of Robert's route so far and I loved every second of it. Mostly because I can definitely relate to the alcoholic paranormal conspiracy theorist.
76561198259389972,Recommended,654880,33694593,Posted: 21 July,all,i can't believe it's not (nut),"so- i just played this game for 8 straight hours. i usually follow the 'it's a good game if you spend an hour playing for every dollar you spent' rule, but this is a cute little dating simulator so 8 hours is still a Decent turnabout. i don't feel like making a pros and cons list, but there were definitely things that i enjoyed, and things i thought needed work.one thing negative that was pretty much a pretty persistent thought throughout my playthrough was, 'i don't think i would've paid 15$ for this if it wasn't My Boys.' i'm the kinda person that buys like a 20$ steam giftcard for myself every 3-4 months, as a treat, so i dipped into those Remaining funds- and i was a little reluctant about it. if this game was like, say, 10-12$? i would've been smacking my ♥♥♥♥♥♥s together in a heartbeat like a freaking seal. but, even though it was pricey for me, i still liked the game- and i felt very committed to dating all the dads,which i did.i love their personality quirks, and i saw people were commenting on how the dialogue between some of the characters felt awkward? but i didn't really Feel It- and i am a Huge second hand embarrassment type. if there was something awkward, i saw it as a part of the interaction- because dating sucks. and it's Hard. it just felt very human.also, loved all the daughters! and poopbag teenage sons! i especially loved my daughter. the moment they mentioned that she loved collaging i was like! YEP! that's MY kid. and it made me feel really connected to the fact that i am now a Dad. in fact, i am now The dad, ready to meet other hot Mostly Single Dad's in my area.i will say i think there is some technical things that could be worked on, but overall, i give this game a solid 9/10.p.s. the knife dad and mary are favs"
,Recommended,654880,33694802,Posted: 21 July,all,abby,dads
,Recommended,654880,33685927,Posted: 20 July,all,Pancake Titty,An exeptional game made by wonderous people. If you enjoy dad puns and Dad's of Mulitiple Variety's this is the game for you!
76561198033980656,Recommended,654880,33685934,Posted: 20 July,all,Sentientmonkey,"I've already dated two dads. I will not stop until I have dated them all.It does have some minor bugs, such as sprites loading offscreen or not at all when loading a game midconversation, but I've only seen it happen twice and it went away with the scene transitions. I think the game's strongest point is the writing, which is funny and heartfelt, and even characters who seem silly at first become more interesting as you get to know them. Also, this sin't really a game you go into for smut. Sure, there's  a little bit of described making-out which implicitly leads to sex, but everything else seems incredibly wholesome and tame, and there is no real nudity beyond the odd shirtless dad.Overall, I'd say the team did a great job making a fun and heartfelt game."
76561198374700911,Recommended,654880,33686064,Posted: 20 July,all,msnormandy,Good gay stuff right here
76561198068434361,Recommended,654880,33686094,Posted: 20 July,all,Captain of the Black Egrets,"This is honestly so fun? The art is amazing! And the dialogue has me laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off. So worth the wait! If you like dating simulators, witty conversations, and fishing minigames, then count this one as The World's Dadliest Catch. 10/10, would highly recommend."
,Recommended,654880,33686233,Posted: 20 July,all,thefatalst,"they're good dads, brent"
76561198026593147,Recommended,654880,33686744,Posted: 20 July,all,Doctor Doctor™,"Pretty good! Has kind of a soulless ring to a some of the stories, not gonna lie--I dunno, I guess I expected more queer authenticity in the writing? More dates with the characters so I can really get to know em? I don't exactly expect a dating game to dig deep, but there are a few semi-heavy topics in some storylines that I just wanted more from. There's not a huge amount of weight and substance amidst the witty quips. While there's nothing inherantly wrong with that, I feel it coulda pushed a little more serious or gone a little more comedy and been a stronger game for that commitment.Also would have liked some more variation on the endings you can get with your daughter. The two they have are fine, but modest variations based on what dudes you date would have been nice (c'mon, you can't argue that banging her teacher wouldn't complicate things).THAT SAID: cute dads, some pretty relatable lines, so refreshing to not have only a menu of just white cis dudes to pick from. The game is pretty neatly done and doesn't want for solid art, voice acting, and music choices. Overall, a bit shallow and vanilla, but sometimes all you want is a nice bowl of fluffy plain ice cream anyway. Good work, folks!"
76561198148891373,Recommended,654880,33697042,Posted: 21 July,all,castle_mouse,"A very heartwarming and sweet game!  Your relationship with the daughter is definitely one of the most surprising and most welcome appeals of playing.  I got so much more out of Dream Daddy than I expected.Good puns, good dads.  Will absolutely play again."
76561198135014402,Recommended,654880,33695008,Posted: 21 July,all,TheNamelessNPC,"10/10 You can pet a dog in the first 5 minutes.But seriously, this game is a work of art and I look forward to sinking so many more hours into it."
76561198263647681,Recommended,654880,33698368,Posted: 21 July,all,DarkLight19,"One of the best dating sims I've ever played, not too overboard on the dad jokes, the script is well-written and feels just like real life, sort of carefree and doesn't focus too hard on the choices. The art is absolutely stunning, and the characters, well, I wouldn't have spent 5 hours straight trying to get all the dad's endings if the characters hadn't been so lovable and interesting. Every character has an intricate backstory, I love how only some were/are actually married to other men, and others are most likely bi. The range of options for customizing your dad are pretty surprising- I had a lot of fun making and desiging various ""dads"". After my 5 hour run of the game, I found that Damien was my favorite, (which was funny, because it started out as Robert) his mysterious and oddly attractive demeanor reeled me in. And just wait for that twist on the third date! I grinned like an idiot because his mysteriousness faded and he was actually pretty awkward (and cute!). But don't take my word for it, buy the game and see who your favorite is! ;)10/10 (But whyyyy Vernon, whyyy did you write Joseph's ending like that? You broke my heart!)"
,Recommended,654880,33698844,Posted: 21 July,all,akikzir,"Well with all the hype the game trailer gave I didn't expect anything less than what was given! Totally worth the buy and time to play. Definitely will play again soon to finish up with all the other daddies. So far,Hugois a great daddy!"
76561198317523166,Recommended,654880,33699026,Posted: 21 July,all,Mad Queen Tay,"I was so excited for this game to come out, not even bothered by the release delay because I know it just made the end product that much better. Having a game created by let players like the game grumps and just a dedicated dev team is fantastic and the representation, jokes, characters, and story are so on point."
76561198404174859,Recommended,654880,33685287,Posted: 20 July,all,kiannnnnnn,"rly cute game! lucien is my fave, a trans character was a nice surprise"
76561198174927349,Recommended,654880,33686825,Posted: 20 July,all,oblivious111,Each characters story is much better developed than i first assumed. the art is beautiful. the customization is fantastic and funny. great pacing. just enough commedy and conflict. you can  go at youre own pace. fun mini games. amazing. thank you to everyone who helped make this game.
,Recommended,654880,33686827,Posted: 20 July,all,Goblin Queen,"This was my first dating simulator game that I've ever played and I really enjoyed it! I've seen playthroughs of other dating simulators but I really liked the stories for these characters, they are really hot dads and they follow certain types of people.  There were some really cute twists I wasn't expecting but I loved the characters even more after they happened! I hope everyone else enjoys the game as much as I did :D"
,Recommended,654880,33686846,Posted: 20 July,all,Wolverpeen,Real daddies might have a disease or be a murderer or something. This is much safer.
,Recommended,654880,33686929,Posted: 20 July,all,MortalRemedy,Amazing game! Love the characters and the beautiful art! Well worth the wait~
,Recommended,654880,33683977,Posted: 20 July,all,Kuma,"I'm loving everthing so far but THERE ARE GLITCHES.I have glitches where amanda's sprite is stuck in the bg.And the worst one yet is the fact that I can't save or load.I've tried reinstalling, but it doesn't fix it.I try saving, says saving, then go to load, nothing.It worked for the first 20 minutes, then stopped working.WHAT THE HECK.Help?"
76561198165947983,Recommended,654880,33684500,Posted: 20 July,all,Macho Man Randy Savage [ASP],10/10 would snap into a slim jim again!
76561198272094496,Recommended,654880,33684615,Posted: 20 July,all,Booty_Bae,Hot dads great story
,Recommended,654880,33684759,Posted: 20 July,all,M.K.,"I know I'm only a few hours in, but it's honestly not what I expected.In a good way. It exceeded my expetations.  Sure it's a little silly sometimes, but wow the writing and characters are great-- You're either smiling and laughing through half the game, or shaking your head.  Or tearing up a little because of how amazing your daughter is.You go in thinking you're going to a specific daddy, because he's the one, right? But after you interact with the others, you have your doubts--  they're all so great in their own ways, they all have their flaws-- who to choose?!  Then you're suddenly you find yourself dating a different daddy that came out of left field!Also the minigames are delightful!I already hope for a second game or a DLC-- and I haven't even finished the game yet."
76561198178233255,Recommended,654880,33684692,Posted: 20 July,all,The Bodfather,"Honestly this game is just worth it for the Dad puns.Also, Damien is best dad. 10/10 would watch Vampire ♥♥♥♥♥♥s with him again"
,Recommended,654880,33684696,Posted: 20 July,all,YaBoiOsomatsu,Robert did hop on my♥♥♥♥♥♥but wouldnt hop on my heart but  its okay i love him and this game anyways
,Recommended,654880,33690012,Posted: 20 July,all,isangblacktupa,"SO NICE! Very PG (would've been nicer with a bit of smut LOL) i was following this over twitter, and i got steam just to play it! PLEASE MAKE A MORE MATURE VERSION! the daddy hunter in me craves for some more action. :)"
,Recommended,654880,33690020,Posted: 20 July,all,Kayo Frost,Gave me awesome feels man10/10
76561198260074557,Recommended,654880,33691029,Posted: 21 July,all,blueberrysol,It's exactly as funny and charming as it seemed when we was waiting for it.
76561198053137676,Recommended,654880,33691172,Posted: 21 July,all,Meaiku,"Oh my god this game is beautifulThe art is gorgeous the humor is charming and so funny i laughed myself to tears twice alreadyThere is so much love and detail in the conversation and the way the dads and their children interact with youPlease if you love Dating Games try it out it's just perfect in every way and you can feel the love they put into it.And the dads, oh my god the dads.Everybody is handsome and cute and sooooooo adorable i need to take breaks because my heart can't take it.And you have the most perfect daughter in the worldAmanda is a gift for mn and dadkind and i will never stop loving her10/10 would dad again"
,Recommended,654880,33691173,Posted: 21 July,all,AlyOh,"My favorite kind of cheesy otome, tbf. I can't stop smiling at every little thing when I play. It's perfect.Also Ray."
,Recommended,654880,33690978,Posted: 21 July,all,LibraGrey,"10/10This is a super endearing and at times hilarious game! I actually had to call my girlfriend and read aloud everything that was happening because I kept sending her photos of the adorable-ness. If you want to just feel good, get this game!"
76561198254509851,Recommended,654880,33689179,Posted: 20 July,all,small cake,"utterly charming, lovable characters, super sweet narratives, i'm really gay"
,Recommended,654880,33690084,Posted: 20 July,all,[TB] Byron,"went to a bar, two shots later I somehow ended up in Hanzo's apartment.5/5 would ♥♥♥♥ hanzo again"
76561197989428311,Recommended,654880,33690318,Posted: 21 July,all,GwainT,"This game is a nightmare. I keep trying to play it, but end up gettng nowhere...I just keep taking screen shots of the dialog and laughing for ever.Seriously though, I'm having a ton of fun with the game, and wish I didn't have things to do so I could just play through the story at LEAST once right now.I'm gong to have to buy this for other people, becaue this is just crazy."
76561198268191712,Recommended,654880,33690250,Posted: 21 July,all,tv4life96,"It's a very wholesome game with a nice variety of dads to choose from :) The minigames are also perfectly interspersed, and they're each unique and creative in design! It's been a lot of fun so far, and I can't be happier it was produced by none other than the Game Grumps. Can't wait to keep playing :D"
,Recommended,654880,33690137,Posted: 20 July,all,ShmooshGoo,Chemicals in the water are turning the freaking frogs gay.~Alex Jones
76561198405677719,Recommended,654880,33690259,Posted: 21 July,all,tayr94,"I absolutely love this game. Although they had a rough launch the developers of this game put their very heart and soul into it and it really translates. I really appreciate the love they put into creating this game and I recommend it if you're down for some twists and turns and some really, REALLY amazing art and music. Seriously this game is really incredible, fantastic job you guys! First dating sim ever and I'm in love."
76561198199028926,Recommended,654880,33688630,Posted: 20 July,all,sherlylawks,"The content is fun, light-hearted, and very cheesy. I cringe at every dad joke, but hey, that's what I signed up for. Very adorable, I definitely recommend it and it was worth the wait."
,Recommended,654880,33689451,Posted: 20 July,all,Apagando Las Luces,"A long long wait finally over, i could say this really well made with interesting story too consider this is Game Grump first debut, i must giving score 8 out 10 well done!"
,Recommended,654880,33680239,Posted: 20 July,all,Ghoob,"This is such a cute game! I finished one route, and I'm definitely going to play the rest. It was well worth the short delay."
,Recommended,654880,33686154,Posted: 20 July,all,Britt,good dadswould date all dads
76561198279482803,Recommended,654880,33683702,Posted: 20 July,all,bsokei01,i have all the time in the world for this game!
,Recommended,654880,33682676,Posted: 20 July,all,4rekid,"This is honestly such a cute and heartwarming game that's super inclusive but not in the ""look at us we have MINORITIES!!!"" kind of way. I am in love with every character, the music, the art, and even the weird little mini games. I had to make myself stop so I wouldn't barrel through all of the routes in one day! The wait was worth it and this game is even better than I hoped it would be. I'm super looking forward to more games from GG that will hopefully be coming in the future!"
,Recommended,654880,33691790,Posted: 21 July,all,Jill,"I am still halfway through the first route, but this is a really nice, heartwarming game to play through. It pokes fun at several things and dating tropes without being overly forceful, which is great. :D10/10 will reccomend to play this game. For the graphics alone, $15 is worth it."
76561198160739523,Recommended,654880,33682528,Posted: 20 July,all,MemeFreckles,The dad dating sim that I didn't know I needed
76561198015489227,Recommended,654880,33682570,Posted: 20 July,all,Wisebap,"Like many I bought this because of Game Grumps and it looked hilarious, I am really suprised at how much love has went into the game. The art is great, really cool soundtrack and likeable characters. It is a great game that I will no doubt replay many times with different dads that I create (made a Ned Flanders dad)10/10 gonna pre"
,Recommended,654880,33682572,Posted: 20 July,all,DFC Bowtie,"Uplifting, colourful, well told and drawn experience. Definitely recommend for the rainy day."
,Recommended,654880,33681167,Posted: 20 July,all,WildRemlit,"I love all of the choices! You can pick what you want your dad to look like and the name, was he married to a man or a woman, is the daughter adopted or no, so many choices! I love it! It feels very inclusive for everyone."
76561198048116491,Recommended,654880,33681209,Posted: 20 July,all,galactic,"Overall I really enjoyed this game! It's a really nice dating sim with lovable characters and lots of heartfelt interactions. Dad roleplaying never felt so possible.Pros:+ The music is super cute and nice to play to.+ The art style is really good! All the characters look unique and the Dad's little animated quirks are adorable.+ Each dad's arc is complete and is super fun to play. The game also does a good job of introducing them to you all at the beginning and making sure you have a good idea of their personalities.+ The dialogue between you and your daughter is really well thought-out and sweet. The game's emotional moments never feel fabricated, they feel real and like genuine situations that you have to deal with. Amanda is one of the best parts of the game - same goes for your real talks with the other dads. There's also a lot of funny lines and moments.Cons:- Each run is relatively short - going on all the dates with one dad takes about an hour or forty-five minutes depending on how long you take, so the game is pretty short overall if you immediately commit to one dad like I did the first time. Playing it a more varied way on my second playthrough made it feel more robust, but I was a bit disappointed that committing to one dad made the game go fast.- The character creator makes a few unique dads, but most of the options are silly so you'll stick to making a few repetitive figures.- Something about the quality of Hugo's recordings in some sections isn't that great. i'm not sure if it had to do with the way they recorded his voice or the way the audio was mixed, but there's lots of processing noise that's very noticeable.- The dialogue occasionally bugs and references things out of order. This didn't happen a lot and wasn't game-breaking, but it was still weird to hear Robert talking about things I had never done.I still haven't gone on all three dates with all the dads, so I am concerned about re-playability since just going on three dates with Craig was so short, but if my time with Craig and Robert was any indication you can still get plenty of time going on dates with all the Dads. Super enjoyable and cute sim!"
,Recommended,654880,33681218,Posted: 20 July,all,Mango,"So many puns, so many hots dads, so many secrets I can't wait to learn about."
,Recommended,654880,33681395,Posted: 20 July,all,OOTWG Shady,It's Daddylicious!!
76561198298582255,Recommended,654880,33681430,Posted: 20 July,all,JustSmiling,"I'm very impressed with the route I took, I had a lot of laughs and a lot of tears- I grew very attached to my daughter and other characters. It was a great experience and I'm glad I went through that. 10/10 for the dad puns!"
76561198158703138,Recommended,654880,33682075,Posted: 20 July,all,Antares1011,"I love this game. I am laughing so hard at the puns and to be honest, the story so far is pretty good too. A+ game.Just the mini games are a bit strange and not that intuitive but it doesn't take away from the enjoyment for me.Also the intro song kills me each time. XD"
76561198303181469,Recommended,654880,33680302,Posted: 20 July,all,GrzechyCiala,This game is amazing! Love it so far
76561198051003049,Recommended,654880,33690770,Posted: 21 July,all,SpiderSensei,"It's not perfect, but it's damn well as inclusive, amazing, and dad-punny as it is made out to be. The only issues I have with it are the sometimes odd voice bit executions (inappropriate line for a certain setting, for example) and the occasional glitch (my personal favorite being reloading the scene with Craig in the diner and having the twins stare into your soul. Priceless).Other than that, this game is GOLD. You get to customize your appearance, which is always a plus, you play as a super introverted and awkward single dad with no fear for being emotionally vulnerable, and the dads. Are. Phenomenal. The writing in this game is absolutely outstanding and continues to entrance me in a world where dads date each other from dawn 'til dusk and puns burden the souls of youths for all eternity.Also I'm mega gay (thanks Brian)"
76561198125570987,Recommended,654880,33690788,Posted: 21 July,all,SeerofMind,literally on of the best dating sims i've ever played? and its so inclusive with reguards to transpeople! i'm in love!!!
,Recommended,654880,33690816,Posted: 21 July,all,Lunal,"I have laughed so hard, 'awe'd so softly, and felt a lot for these dads along the way. I love a dating sim that above all makes me love the characters, that is what makes this game come alive. The music is lovely, the mini-games are fun, the humor is on point (who here doesn't love a good dad joke?), but what makes this game is every character feels unique and each one I want to know more about. If you loved Hustle Cat (best dating sim I had played, previous to this one), you will fall in love with these Dream Daddys."
,Recommended,654880,33690909,Posted: 21 July,all,Lahignerst,"The best Dad Dating Sim out there.But that doesn't give this game enough credit. Everything about this game is crafter to be humourous and intrusive to every type of person. I can't reccomend this game enough. Do yourself a favor and at least give it a shot, you'll be surprise how much fun it is."
76561198166792149,Recommended,654880,33694897,Posted: 21 July,all,averymclark,"This game is astonishing! There are all body types and skin tones, and it is very nice to the LGBT+ Community. The art is lovely all around, the charachter models are lovely and the background art is BEAUTIFUL. The writing is wonderful and the jokes are corny enough to where I'm sending some of the better puns to my own father and getting some honnest lauhgs. You can tell just how much hard work into making it. Love the game and cannot wait to see the Game Grumps produce more games in the future. 10/10 Dad experience, would Dad again"
76561198048564647,Recommended,654880,33694937,Posted: 21 July,all,ghostlygasly100,"Dad puns galore. Dads-a-plenty with mac and cheese. Writing is awesome and characters are well thought out; each with their own personality. The daddy dates are cute that it makes my gay heart skip a beat! Got 1 daddy down, more to go!DADDY/10"
76561198089775962,Recommended,654880,33695073,Posted: 21 July,all,ajcrowley,"This game is not only a fun, well put together dating sim. It's also hilarious, to the point where I had to stop playing for a bit to get the giggles out of my system. The relationship your character has with Amanda is also incredibly heart warming, and as someone who regularly babysits, captures what it means to be a role model for a child brilliantly. I couldn't recommend this game enough, and I haven't even finished it yet. Guaranteed to make you laugh, and even produce a manly single tear."
,Recommended,654880,33695801,Posted: 21 July,all,Dest,"Irony, sarcasm, and dad jokes everywhere, basically catered to my tastes writing-wise. The only complaints I have are some minor audio bugs and route-length, I really wish they'd delve deeper into each of the character instead of the limited 3 dates you get with them.tldr; Funny and charming, likable characters. minor audio issues, and the routes could have been more fleshed out."
,Recommended,654880,33696972,Posted: 21 July,all,Gay BirdMom,I LOVE THIS GAME so much. I am actually crying. It's so pure. God bless Vernon Shaw and Leighton Gray for writing this game and the GG crew for backing it. I have never been so excited or happy to play a game. It's so entertaining and I love the mini games and the Dads are so pure. Thank you!!
76561198397508455,Recommended,654880,33692083,Posted: 21 July,all,arolink,"there is not a SINGLE flaw in this game... other than a few minor glitches, which don't affect gameplay at all and are rlly funny tbh"
,Recommended,654880,33690148,Posted: 20 July,all,not tokni,"I was really hyped for this game when it was announced, and truthfully I can't really say it was worth the wait. Dream Daddy is by no means a bad game, just a little disappointing. Personally it feels a little awkward to get to know someone for a few days and then enter a ""relationship"" with them. It's a lot more understandable for the character Craig since the Player Character and him have history together, but from what I can tell everyone else is someone you're meeting for the first time. As much as I wished that's how it worked, I really don't think it works like that in real life. There we're also a few bugs that kind of... bugged me. Hugo's/Mat's glasses popped in and out whenever they felt like it, a few characters would remain on screen after leaving, and the ""Approval Hearts"" would sometimes pop up away from the character. But as I said this is by no means a bad game, the game itself is really cute and it was a blast getting to know all of these characters. The dialogue was a real joy to read through and it was really fun making a ""Dadsona"". The sound and music design were pretty good and nothing really sounded too out of place. The approval/disapproval system was well done as well, you could easily the effects of your decisions on the main Daddy characters, which will help you achieve the best rating possible and thus the best ending possible for each character, it eliminates the need to continuously replay the same character over and over again to see if the choices you made were the ""right"" ones, which is one of my major gripes about some dating-sims. If you made the ""wrong"" choice, you can load up the previous auto save before you made the choice if you so desire. Finally, the puns. Oh my, the amount of dad-puns. They're just so bad, and I know they're bad but I can't help but giggle whenever one appears, they have that odd charm to them where you know their bad, they are bad, but they're so bad they're actually good. Anyways the overall experience was enjoyable, just a little light on content as some games in this genre can have character routes potentially lasting up to a few weeks.TL;DR-ish VERSIONPros:-Really cute and hilarious dialogue-Good ""approval/disapproval"" system, you could easily tell whether you did something a character disliked/liked/really liked-A good father-daughter simulator, can either be an amazing or okay dad depending on your choices-THE CREATORS WEREN'T KIDDING WITH THE DAD PUNS THERE WERE SO MANY OH MYCons:-Story could've possibly been longer, every character only has a ""3-day"" route, doesn't really feel like a dating-sim for certain ""dates"" or the majority of bonding is stated instead of shown-Somewhat frustrating/uninteresting mini-games-A few bugs that BUGGED me, will probably be fixed the future so not a big deal (Hugo's/Mat's glasses kept popping up then disappearing, and certain characters remained on screen even after they left)Rating: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,654880,33692674,Posted: 21 July,all,Melancholy,"Pros -Enjoyablehot dadsgreat humourgreat artgreat musicvery cutegreat voicesCons -Inconsistencies in storylinesOnly 3 dates with each dadstory with dads isn't very fleshed out, it feels more 0 to 100.Your character is very different art style to other dads, also has a few pixel issuesChanges in storyline from what you've chosen. (I chose Amanda to have Mother, later text said otherwise)Doesn't feel satisfying to get to the end.I slowly lost interest because of constant reading, it's more of a visual novel than a dating sim.a few bugs.Some parts have really obnoxious background sound.intimate scenes are just black.doesn't have the progress of receiving more revealing photos over time. just recieve a mediocre one at the end."
76561198107532132,Recommended,654880,33693473,Posted: 21 July,all,BioticVolus170,"Dream Daddy is quite possibly one of the most well thought out and enjoyable dating sims out there.The humor and writing is spectacular, each dad brings in their own unique dad flavor that makes you want to try every route. The dialogue is witty and relatable. The back and forth between the player and their daughter is heartwarming and filled with great laughs.If you're looking for a dating sim that goes the extra mile, then Dream Daddy is the game for you!"
,Recommended,654880,33693509,Posted: 21 July,all,Staniel,"A fun and sincere game full of great queer representationPros:- Build your own dad- A spectrum of fun an interesting characters- Be a trans dad- Date a trans dad- Being a dad is hard, and that's okay- Great writing, both in the serious and the funny department- Dad puns- Dogs- Dadbook- Netflix and Grill, baby!Cons:- Those gosh darn twins"
,Recommended,654880,33693601,Posted: 21 July,all,NightsAtHowells,The puns... They hurt! But yes. This game gets all my yes.
76561198087812111,Recommended,654880,33687155,Posted: 20 July,all,Navithefairy,"While a couple dad's have rather bad voice acting (you can hear the microphone on Hugo... one of my FAVORITE Dad's) and it did disappoint to begin with... it doesn't take away from the enthralling dates the dads go on. The dialogue is really what blew me away, i'd spend way too long just laughing at a panel, screenshotting its relatablity to tell my friends, It's the kind of game i can really sink my time into. VERY much worth the cost. Can't wait to date all these dads!"
76561198112487155,Recommended,654880,33687733,Posted: 20 July,all,Diamunch,Great dating sim with amazing music and some great dads.
,Recommended,654880,33687613,Posted: 20 July,all,heartinthepast,"Very good. I enjoy the copious amounts of dad puns that are packed within the first five minutes of the game, the art is beautiful, the voice clips are spot on, and the music is great. A very wonderful first game from Game Grumps and friends, very much worth the price. (P.s; Love the bad boy dad Robert. He's my favorite so far.)"
76561198063193921,Recommended,654880,33687771,Posted: 20 July,all,BoomBox333,Oh my god i love this game its so fun and pure. lots of good dad jokes I love it. all the characters are great and its got so much good advice in it. AAAAAHAHAHHH I love it
,Recommended,654880,33687418,Posted: 20 July,all,Deadpoolian,"The game is hilarious, adorable, and actually pretty touching at times. So far I've completed the Damien and Robert routes and both were very enjoyable. I look forward to playing through all the other endings!The game runs very smoothly as well. Over 7 hours in and I haven't experienced any technichal issues yet.(And a tip for those wanting to romance Robert, you *have* to decline banging him on the first night. If you bang right off the bat, you're locked into the bad ending for him!)"
,Recommended,654880,33687165,Posted: 20 July,all,adorabilis,I've never felt gayer or more like a dad than I did today.Dad Jokes: 10/10Puns: 10/10Art: 10/10Story: 10/10Music: 10/10Burgie: 10/10Sexbang: 10/10
76561198196957846,Recommended,654880,33698084,Posted: 21 July,all,mystix1_14,Nice gay dating sim.
76561198406158100,Recommended,654880,33684446,Posted: 20 July,all,Dinoblankey,"Such great writing!! But I'm pretty sure Joseph's ending is bugged- I've run through it twice and got the bittersweet ending both times, despite my best efforts for choosing the romantic options. And it sorta left a bad taste in my mouth it being the first ending i experienced lol"
76561198055537546,Recommended,654880,33684358,Posted: 20 July,all,ThatLankyBastard,"I've been waiting for this game since it's announcement. I was waiting for it to be released on the 13th, and counted it down. And then came the issues... But I waited very patiently, even when the release was pushed back 12 hours. Even when it was pushed back 7 more days. And while I waited, I started to have doubts... I heard people say ""It's nothing but a cash grab from the LGBT community"" and wondered if the game is going to be any goodHere I am, after loading the game up, and I can honestly say that I was absolutely wrong. I never should have doubted. Although I have just started I can already tell that I will love this game. The art is A+ for a dating sim, the characters are likeable, the music is great, and most importantly I can feel all the love that they put into this game.10 Dad Jokes outta 10, would groan again"
76561198041705160,Recommended,654880,33684374,Posted: 20 July,all,TaxiRabbit,"Truly one of the best dating sims I have ever had the pleasure of playing. The art, music, story...all of it is amazing, full of heart and wonderfully humorous - I certainly love my dad jokes/puns. Amazing job! 10/10"
76561198010142179,Recommended,654880,33684204,Posted: 20 July,all,Disdonn,"Played only Half an Hour and I'm into this so hard...the puns, the humor, OH DADDY! GIVE ME MORE OF THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,654880,33684210,Posted: 20 July,all,pup,"Honestly one of the most genuinely heartfelt games I've played, which is something I was NOT expecting at all. I went in to it wholly prepared for a humor-centered game with no real depth, and while there was tons of humor from the brilliant writing and dad puns, there was also a lot of more emotional moments that actually had me tearing up.At the end of the game, I realized that I had more experienced a game about the bond between a father and his daughter, rather than just a silly dating simulator. There were dynamic relationships, varied backstories, and GOD was it the most LGBT inclusive game I have ever seen.Totally worth the wait. Thank you so much, Vernon and Leighton."
,Recommended,654880,33684249,Posted: 20 July,all,zambiellama,"So I bought this today, and uh.... the choices don't pop up for me, like ever. I just have to pick randomly and hope to goddddd they like me and my choices.Also some art doesn't show up. It's either invisible or covered in a black bar.So I guess we need patches, huh? It's still good, but these are kinda killer points."
,Recommended,654880,33802163,Posted: 25 July,all,✩ taylor ✩,"I looked at this game and through the reviews on Steam. Pretty mixed emotion.However, I was excited to launch Dream Daddy and create my own daddy!This game is pretty good. There are occasional errors here and there, but I like the concept.Pros:- gay, but doesn't show it off- can customize your daddy- build your own story- realistic situations { For example, if you're into someone and you say something you want to say (even if it's not rude), they might not always like it. }- Voice acting is good~This game taught me that even if I lust over a virtual daddy for my daddy, sometimes things just don't work out, but that's okay. ~Cons:- voices are placed randomly at times. { For example, Amanda would be saying something cheesy to another person and the sound where she goes, ""Daaaaaaaad"" would come on. }- only three dates per daddy? please add more!- can't customize daddy after done building himSuggestions:- make it so that you can customize your daughter too!- add more options and response questions so you can really build your own story."
,Recommended,654880,33801501,Posted: 25 July,all,Atlantean_king,"Personally, this is my first time ever playing a legitimate dating-sim and from what I see for a first time game ""Dream Daddy"" is a wonderful twist on the idea of a same-sex love game. In its entirety, the game's mechanics are simple and easy to follow, and I found myself laughing alot due to the wackiness of the various plot twists that came with each decision I made.Moreoever, the level of detail and care that went into developing the core dynamics between the father and the daughter to me felt the best I'd ever seen in a story-driven game (""Dream Daddy"" being the dating-sim I've ever played from start to finish).Of course there were some weak points as well.For starters, as an incredibly picky person when its comes to games with character customizaton, I'm very critical at times because I like to design every aspect of my player character down to the last molecule; from their height and weight, to their hair color and eye color, to how they interact with people, to how they sleep at night--even their fashion sense is important to me, and I feel like while the ""Build-a-Daddy"" system is good for the engine the game plays on, the lack of any real depth to how I want my ""Daddy"" to be feels very shallow because my character already has memories and thoughts I feel are unnecessary or don't fit into the type of person I was hoping to create.As an idea to throw out, I'd suggest adding an ""Environmental Reactionary Background System"" or ERBS*--*coined the term already so nobody can use it lol XD--in which players are given near aboslute control over their Daddies by being able to create entirely new content, fashions, styles, etc. allowing players to add a fresh persepctive to each individual Daddy they use. Another point for the ERBS would be allowing players the freedom to create their character backgrounds or ""Daddy Times"" (for example, your Daddy could be divorced and had adopted you child prior to),  and as a result, the game will automatically generate an environment in which the Daddy is like a real person. In this everything should be customizable, even the wife/husband, and even the children (don't get me wrong, Amanda is cool, but what if I wanna have a cute Asian as an adopted child?).To do this, I firmly believe players should be able to type their character backgrounds as well as visually create them in character slots, 10 slots in total, giving them the ability to create over 100+ different daddies, and over 1000+ different families either married, separated, single, windowed, divorced, etc., with at least 4 children slots (8 if separated or divorced), all of which can be individually customized by the player.In short, if I want to, I want to be able to make a Daddy who has 3 children (the fourth died stillborn and the wife died in labor) and as a result the game would essentially revolve around my Daddy trying to piece his life back together as his kids are getting older and out of control and his grief keeps him from moving on and finding love in the arms of another... a Daddy.Then, the biggest point for ERBS would be the shifting of dynamics between the player and the NPCs, simulating real world/life events and having the player choose how to approach them (for example, if you caught Amanda smoking kush, or stealing money out of your wallet, you could respond a number of ways that would increase or decrease your relationship with her, but you could later change that dynamic by coming back with another action or so).Another thing I found lacking was the dynamic between the player's Daddy and initial 7 daddies you could choose from.Personally, I think that while the initial 7 are good starters for players to get accustomed to, I can honestly see the interest fading away with time, and I highly suggest adding more daddies to date, and, if not, at least adding more NPCs for the player to interact with that help to expand the game's lore and story more, as well as providing more information about the daddies the player's currently trying to date. As I said before, I loved the originality of the game, and I saw that in how each daddy is uinque and in-tuned to their respective environments, however I also feel that just the player should be allowed to create their own stories, and as such I firmly believe that the NPCs should very much be taken out of their comfort zones, giving more depth to the Daddies, so that the player is given more of a reason to fall in love with them... or even hate them. I want to make decisions or say things that make the game respond to my choices so I can see how EVERYTHING plays outs.Plus, going back to my point on player customization, it would make the game even more amazing if the users could create clothes, hairs, accessories, etc., and share them together. Playing created Daddies and/or created families would incredible taste and flavor to each playthrough and giving players the ability to create complex/complicated relationships, love triangles, hate quarrels, lusts, revenge, etc. and improving the game's QTEs with more preparation could be help immensely. Even allowing players to record individual playthroughs and save their favorites in the gallery, or maybe even add screens that actively show the player's Daddy participating in the action the text outlines (like IDK, actually kissing their date, or selling food at a bake sale?) would keep the fire going and interest in the game alive.Overall, ""Dream Daddy"" is a mainstay in my Steam Library, but I feel that the game needs more player input to be that type of game that most people can just go back over and over again."
,Recommended,654880,33682237,Posted: 20 July,all,Troporange,"I have abandoned my old way of living. I am now a daddy. I love daddies.I suggest you embrace the daddy.tenouttaten, pre'd and came."
76561198202713673,Recommended,654880,33680013,Posted: 20 July,all,princevakarp,This gives me great dadisfiction.
76561198061668957,Recommended,654880,33680019,Posted: 20 July,all,Gusolimue,"Awesome characters, funny dialogue and very fun minigames make this the only dating sim I've ever enjoyed."
76561198111660777,Recommended,654880,33681076,Posted: 20 July,all,刁民,Brian's pecs 11/10200% would jump into that lake(still hope we can get an adult content DLC though)
76561198067354943,Recommended,654880,33681096,Posted: 20 July,all,BasketOfPuppets,"On a structeral level, the game is very well put together, the soundtrack and voice acting is pleasent, the animations and overall visuals are great (I laugh at the eggplants), and It runs very smoothly.The Dads are also great. Everything is great, its leans alot more on its humor then any explict content (so far from what ive seen, about 4 hours of gameplay) and is overall just pleasent and joyous. I love my daughter. I love this game."
,Recommended,654880,33681583,Posted: 20 July,all,greerby,"hugely inclusive, genuinely lovely, beautiful art, im gonna jazz all over this game 69/10"
,Recommended,654880,33680309,Posted: 20 July,all,bitternerd,"There's a bug I've noticed in the DadBook interface where it'll cut off the last character while it's typing. It's not a huge issue, since it shows up on the actual message, but I thought it should at least be addressed. A really stellar game though, great job, guys!"
76561198281505217,Recommended,654880,33680323,Posted: 20 July,all,djfox31,"Best dating sim I've played so far. A lot of dialogue, but it's well written and feels very natural. Funny and I've had to take a moment to have a giggle fit every now and then. A++ would dad again"
76561198337821320,Recommended,654880,33679658,Posted: 20 July,all,obssessive101,"i've only just started the game, about an hour in, and i love it. the art is beautiful the writing is funny and cute and punny and i havent stopped smiling the whole time"
,Recommended,654880,33679672,Posted: 20 July,all,Glitch Bitch,"Funny dialogues, cute soundtrack, custom character creation. Honey, if you don't get this game then...you're playing yourself."
,Recommended,654880,33679752,Posted: 20 July,all,Alexis,This game is amazing as expected. I've been real excited for the release and it's worth the wait. I love the art style of the game and how in-dept the characters go. I am very excited to go more into this game and I hope others are as well
,Recommended,654880,33682429,Posted: 20 July,all,Emissary of Wind,"Loving the game so far, my only complaints are it's too easy to accidentally make choices, and the lack of a log function so when I accidentally make a choice I can't even look at what I said"
76561198162638487,Recommended,654880,33682431,Posted: 20 July,all,bdriver10,Very cute and sweet. The relationships are handled very well. 10/10 would raise kids with these dads.
76561198042320628,Recommended,654880,33682364,Posted: 20 July,all,Charmingwolf,I would recomend this game to everyone that is gay and wants some good heart warming dads to hang with. your daughter is amazing and wonderful. the dialoge is fun and easy to read. the music and mini games are fantastic.all and all this game was worth the wait and i am really happy that i bought it
76561198404973660,Recommended,654880,33682327,Posted: 20 July,all,crxpt,incrediblly diverse and reflective of the audience.  Ahead of its time in so many ways.  Its about time gay men had their own game.
,Recommended,654880,33678798,Posted: 20 July,all,Hishicorne,"AWESOME GAME !!! Seriously i'm so faaaaaan the drawing are so gooooood and the script, my god it's so well writted, I can't stop playing !!! It's very funy and have many pun (i've catch some, but as a french native speaker, I'm not that good and think i've missed some.) Keeep going and i'm going to finish the game at 100% it's so AWESOME."
,Recommended,654880,33680497,Posted: 20 July,all,Torikm,A really heartwarming game that made me smile while playing. It is worth the $15 :)
,Recommended,654880,33677140,Posted: 20 July,all,Jerdingo #TF2SP,I've only completed the Brian story (Romance obviously) so I can't pass judgement on the rest of the game. But the story was very well written and the mini games were very fun.I cannot recommend this game enough
76561198144066434,Recommended,654880,33680268,Posted: 20 July,all,SerNina,"So far this game is pretty great!!! There were a couple of small glitches I found throughout so far, but they weren't too bothersome. The only big complaint I can think of is that Hugo's voice quality is not only sounding different than all the other dads, but it's also waaaaaay louder in comparison. There's no option to mess with the in-game music, dialogue, and sound (unless I haven't found it), so I can't help it unless I just lower the volume via my own machine.I still love what I've experienced with the game so far and will definitely play a lot more when I can."
76561198067827585,Recommended,654880,33682507,Posted: 20 July,all,boopdoop,This is what dreams are made of.
76561198045105691,Recommended,654880,33681691,Posted: 20 July,all,Beanie,A very fun Dad Dating game
76561198131543149,Recommended,654880,33681441,Posted: 20 July,all,AwkwardPotato202,Love the game! The art is so cute and honestly have been smiling like an idiot for the entire time that i've been playing!
76561198069197483,Recommended,654880,33681456,Posted: 20 July,all,Zevex,10/10 good game got to make a dadsonabring on the daddies
76561198253898427,Recommended,654880,33681713,Posted: 20 July,all,Knight of Rhyme,This game revoked all my daddy issues.
76561198241596864,Recommended,654880,33680851,Posted: 20 July,all,Lpsrocks00,This game is fantastic and well worth the wait. I loved the minigames and dads too....I wish I was a dad...
76561198259124356,Recommended,654880,33680945,Posted: 20 July,all,emwinnard,"Great music, awesome designs, awesome dads, and amazing dad jokes"
76561198082906387,Recommended,654880,33699319,Posted: 21 July,all,melissabozarth,"This game is amazing. It's really funny which does make up for the lack of customization options for your own char. The sound effects are a bit odd, but do a lot to add to the hilarity of everything. I'm really happy I got it."
76561198047499977,Recommended,654880,33699337,Posted: 21 July,all,jkralik134,I'd give it some time before you buy it though.I've had fun messing around with the game thus far and havn't delved into all the options you can take but The game is a little buggy and unpolished. If you like the generic dating sim I'm sure you'll love it.Also i'll give props to whoever made the music. Thurogly enjoyed the background sound even after the funny home screeen song plays singing 'dream daddy' to me xD
,Recommended,654880,33699263,Posted: 21 July,all,🌙💕,"This game is so much better than I was expecting. The dialogue is so cute and clever, and the characters are so unique and the team obviously put a lot of thought into them. Amanda is the best daughter tbh. If you enjoy a good dating sim, then this game is perfect. Also, ♥♥♥♥ off homophobes, why are you even looking at this if it pisses you off so much lmao bye??"
,Recommended,654880,33700476,Posted: 21 July,all,Bargests,"hi gay, i'm dad"
,Recommended,654880,33699873,Posted: 21 July,all,c.arnold116,"When you're at the barbecue and Mary is saying ""this isn't my first time at the rodeo it's my fifth"" and then she said ""I've pushed out four kids"" is that a typing error or is it Mary saying she's had 5 kids?"
,Recommended,654880,33705551,Posted: 21 July,all,ayladeklerk,This game is hilarious!! Dad jokes all the way! The art is super nice :)
,Recommended,654880,33792472,Posted: 25 July,all,anyquestions?,"It's pretty great to honest, and just to let you know Craig, best dad that I really need to say about that, the writting is good and all the storys are also solid, I love the secret endings you can get for a few of the dates, I do however look forward to a NSFW mod for this game."
76561198166299907,Recommended,654880,33792975,Posted: 25 July,all,ALUM,Great game
,Recommended,654880,33792936,Posted: 25 July,all,BrainerrorGaming,"I think I'm about two thirds through the game now and I must say it is really good. It looks and sounds great, the humour and dialogue are top notch and if I'll ever figure out my choice between two hunky dads, I'm sure the ending will be A plus as well.A game crafted with love and a ton of hard labour. Definitely one to be replayed to get different outcomes.Highly recommended to those who enjoy this kinda game. And plus points for the (sometimes obscure) references, swears and alternative love.Number one dad dating sim for sure."
76561198279877329,Recommended,654880,33792706,Posted: 25 July,all,Intertwined135,"The game may not be that long, but it's enjoyable. The stories that are produced from the choices you make are entertaining and have even changed some of the thoughts I had for a many of the characters. It's not a game that will make you feel addicted. It's more like watching a show with, for the most part, a slice of life feel, and you have a voice in what happens next. I was already willing to play the game before it came out. Now I'm glad I did. It is fantastic."
,Recommended,654880,33734908,Posted: 22 July,all,Outeridiot,"Pretty fun game, with lots of gamegrumps humor, may not row everyones boat, but it sure did for me."
76561198257400718,Recommended,654880,33734878,Posted: 22 July,all,sihaaf,"This game is just really genuinely sweet. All the characters have really distinct personalities, and they're all lovable. It's a good game, though it gets a bit boring by the time you're on your last dad. 9/10."
76561198113716797,Recommended,654880,33736505,Posted: 22 July,all,invdingearth,"I wasn't originally planning to buy this – I was simply going to watch other people play it and experience it vicariously through Youtube playthroughs. But once I started watching some, I realized just how fun this game would be to experience first-hand, with my own choices in mind.I truly appreciate how inclusive this game is! It's so incredibly nice to have the options to be A) a gay cisgender man B) a bi cisgender man C) a gay trans-man or D) a bi trans-man. All of the characters are so fun to learn about and interact with, they're all such sweethearts!It's also wonderful to see such strong father-child bonds in this game. All of the dads have such great, supportive relationships with their kid(s), and it's refreshing to see single fathers portrayed in such a positive light.It's certainly not perfect – I've noticed some minor content-based errors here and there despite certain decisions I've made, and I do wish the routes could last a bit longer. That said, it's obvious that a lot of hard work was put into this, and I think it's a beautiful and wholesome game.I'd definitely recommend giving this game a shot, it truly is very funny and super sweet!"
,Recommended,654880,33687338,Posted: 20 July,all,jh1293,My real dad sucks.
76561198130590637,Recommended,654880,33734090,Posted: 22 July,all,IceQueen,"The dad puns are top notch, and I found I really didn't get bored that quickly. I like the possibility of choosing directly through dad book which dad you want to go for, and I also enjoy the mini games. It's a really fun dating sim and I really hope they make a mommy sim because I want to be a hot woman in a pencil skirt."
76561198260157051,Recommended,654880,33734002,Posted: 22 July,all,joshbu8,"I'm not usually big on dating sims, but this turned out much better than expected. For the positive aspects of the game: the art is crisp with vibrant colors and limited animation. Much of the background music is pleasant and akin to the music found in Animal Crossing. Lastly the bachelors truly brought forth the positive experiences that the Grumps had with their fathers.As for the negative aspects of the game: it has quite a few typos and grammatical issues that could have been easily avoided with better editing/playtesting. The game is slightly contrived in that seven eligible (despite LGBT individuals only making up 1% of the population) bachelors all live in the same cul-de-sac (though this could be for comedic effect). There also has been talk of glitches that prevent all possible endings for the bachelors despite the game's release delay and multiple choice options to receive different endings. Also some of the mini-games could have had more polish (the radio one could have used an adjustable camera, and the gargoyle just never seemed to take unless by random chance).Overall with both positive and negative aspects considered this game shows promise for the team's first endeavor, and hopefully it will be a sign of more innovative projects to come as the team finds its voice."
76561198397511512,Recommended,654880,33734181,Posted: 22 July,all,dashinglyawkward,"Even though the game was short, I enjoyed it! It was fun to play, and I loved the interactions between the dads. Overall, I thought it was a wonderful game that showcased healthy LGBT+ relationships, a healthy father/daughter relationship (with Amanda and the Main Character- I loved Amanda, by the way, she's my favorite character), and it touched upon some deep topics like death/grieving.I get that some people think it's an overprived game, and while $15 is a lot for a short game, I thought it was entirely worth it. This game was made by a small company, and I'm all for spending more for games made by independent developers.Thank you to the developers of Dream Daddy and the rest of the team for making a game I'll be playing for quite some time <3"
76561198074974495,Recommended,654880,33733861,Posted: 22 July,all,Cryo Nite,"I loved this game! The characters all felt well rounded and genuine, writen beautifully. The art style was unique, soft, calming, and very welcoming. The soundtrack wasn't too broad but I don't imagine many VN style games have massive soundtracks so, it's all ok. I was immediately imerssed in the world and I was able to really experience the depth that was put into this. I can tell that this game was importnat and special to those who made it. I love it and I hope that they do too."
,Recommended,654880,33735380,Posted: 22 July,all,Strifescloud,"a wholesome, dad dating experience with solid lgbt+ rep and heartwarming endings. a variety of dads to suit your preferences. bad ending controversy completely blown out of proportion. absolutely would recommend"
76561198049891231,Recommended,654880,33735396,Posted: 22 July,all,maskedhero,"I love this game!! The characters are super endearing and third dimensional, and the writing is really good at avoiding negative ""yaoi"" stereotypes that tend to surround some mlm stories. It's very funny and has made me laugh out loud more than once, and is generally just an uplifting, feel-good, inclusive story. Pleeeeeeease play this game!"
,Recommended,654880,33736366,Posted: 22 July,all,DragonBAHR,"I gave this a yes to recommend as it is light, fun, and just well so darn cute! I only learned of this game a few days ago, when everyone on social media was going nuts, and I was well maybe I should try this. I have ran through the game twice and dated two different daddies.Pros:Opptomistic storylineGreat artistic touches throughoutRelaxing to playThe ability to customize your character looksThe ability to make choices that can affect the outcomeCons:Spending time to create the characters looks and pic out traits that have no affect on game playThe game is to short (completed it twice in less than eight hrs of gameplay)The primary storyline does not change with the daughterThe mini-games within need directions on play as often they can be confusingIn the end I was happy to be playing this game however, I was also left for a desire for more."
76561198054296282,Recommended,654880,33736340,Posted: 22 July,all,Ariphyll,"For an out of ten score, I'd give it a 7/10 for now, bumping it up to 8 or 8.5/10 once all the bugs are cleared out. This game is extremely cute and adorable, with light themes and fantastic characters. But boy, are there a lot of bugs. Sprites sometimes glitch and reloading a save slot while in the game will sometimes cut the music, and those are just the common ones I found myself. There's also some continuity errors, but they're minor and don't affect a terrible amount of the plot.Beyond that though? I adore this game. It's cute, it's fun, every dad is a perfectly dateable dad. I think $15 is a very fair price, and if you love dating sims with cute guys to date, this is your game. Nothing is stereotypical or cliche, and I think it's something anyone can enjoy if they like visual novels. It has some need for improvement, which the devs are working on fixing up, but beyond that it's fantastic. Great story, great dad puns, I do reccomend."
76561198025723831,Recommended,654880,33706463,Posted: 21 July,all,decoyfairy,"I love this game!  The writing is wonderful with a great balance of humor and sincerity. It's definitely a bit goofy and it knows exactly what it is, but there were so many moments where I was genuinely brought to tears. A surprising stand-out part of the game is all the interactions with your daughter Amanda - she's such an endearing character and you just want to be the best dad you can be for her.In terms of negatives, at this time it's really unclear how to get a good ending with some of the dads (Joseph, for example), but I think that's just part of the difficulty of the game and completely normal for a dating simulator. I also agree with a lot of people that more options in the character creation would be great. In some places like the mouth and eyes there seems to be more joke options than serious ones.All in all, I highly recommend this game if you like great art, hilarious dialogue, and corgis in scarves. Just be prepared to feel some things."
76561198233725392,Recommended,654880,33712370,Posted: 21 July,all,KORVO,"This game made me sad that I missed out on having a good dad growing up.However, this game made me want to be a better dad than mine was to me and made me feel like that was an actual possibility. It's made me smile and I've felt validated in a way I didn't even think I needed. I can't thank the creators of this game enough for that."
,Recommended,654880,33689395,Posted: 20 July,all,Aeros_Galatea,"As a seasoned visual novel/dating sim player, it's techincally and gameplay wise about what you'd expect. What I wasn't prepared for, however, was how earnest and heartfelt it is. Genuinly funny with just the right touch of dad-themed humor, I'm excited to keep playing and do multiple playthroughs.Amended after finishing one playthrough:It was shorter and more straightforward than I initially anticipated, having finished version of the main story in about 2 hours. It certainly makes the prospect of dating all seven dads (which I will) a little more palatable.Something that I was better able to quantify as I plyed, however, was that the UI is quite a bit different than I what I'm accustomed, too, playing this style of game. It was certainly not  a deal breaker, but this in conjunction with some smaller design elements, did leave me with the distinct impression of a dev team that wasn't terribly academically versed in all the nuances of the traditional visual novel/otome/renai/dating sim style. This isn't a bad thing, just an observation.OVerall, I still loved this game. And am looking forward to dating all the dads."
76561198309513997,Recommended,654880,33712507,Posted: 21 July,all,marilynteso,love dating sims and i love this!
76561198040931177,Recommended,654880,33714578,Posted: 22 July,all,Azraphael,"This game is immensely pleasant to play. It's charming, incredibly inclusive, it has a lot of charm, the art style is amazing, the minigames are clever and unique, the characters are diverse, and there is a... sincerity to this game that's overwhelming. I was worried this game would be too over-the-top, potentially rely too much on dumb humor, or shed a negative light on its players. Instead I got an incredibly well rounded game with incredibly witty humor that makes you feel good for playing it. The story and interaction with your daughter are so genuine and loving the idea of ""Wow I'd kinda like to be a dad..."" actally crossed my mind for one of the VERY few times in my life.The characters are so diverse and there are some very deep and meaningful conversations along with the silliness and fun. All of the characters are well-written, realistic people, and a genuine pleasure to go through their respective stories (even the ones like Damian and Hugo that I wasn't physically attracted to were still very enjoyable). A couple of the characters whose depth surprised me were Damian, Craig, and the character that surprisingly ended up being my favorite: Robert. Robert's storyline took me a little bit of trial and error to figure out but in the end he actually went from being my least-liked character to impressively well written. I love everything about his story and it was worth the effort to figure out how it worked and I just... I won't spoil anything but the way his story can go two completely separate ways is immensely good. The player character is absolutely fantastic and has a lot of personality and depth.Last comment there is that I feel this game is actually extremely courteous to the gay community and handles itself with a respect, sincerity, and dignity that was EXTREMELY appreciated. I really hope this game makes a difference in the gaming industry, I really do, and I feel it stands a chance.The only criticisms I have are as follows: I would prefer the date paths to be a bit longer than 3 per-character, the game does have a few glitches that got a little frustrating including the game reacting weirdly when loading previous saves (though the best one was during one of the scenes the two creepy twins somehow re-appeared half way through the next screen and I couldn't get them off screen and I actually had to restart the game and go back like 3 saves to get rid of them, it was legit creepy and funny), the main story with Amanda got a little annoying after the first couple of playthroughs mostly because when fast-forwarding the game the vocal sounds the characters make would lap over eachother and just sounded really weird, and the biggest thing was the apparent inability to get Joseph's good ending is a HUGE downer and I really hope that gets patched VERY soon because I really hate how sad his ending as-is left me. I think these glitches might not have been in there if people hadn't flipped out on the makers when it was delayed.Worth $15? Hell yes, I'd pay a good bit more for it honestly. I hope the creators of this game either make more games like it or add to this game through free or purchased dlc, and though my inner cheapie would love free dlc I would be legitimately willing to pay for more of this."
,Recommended,654880,33710895,Posted: 21 July,all,zeblith,"Absolutely fantastic game.Biggest complaint: Please re-do the Hugo voice lines. They were clearly recorded in a room with bare walls and the slapback/echo is SUPER grating, especially alongside all the other voice acting that's of much higher quality.In the ""Daddy Builder"", a few points of feedback:* The eyes are super creepy (the least crazy being the ones that look like they're rolling their eyes)* The facial hair options are a little too limited and don't match up with some of the mouth options (Some men have facial hair without a ridiculous moustache. Could we have an option for just a chin patch or chinstrap? Also, the smirking mouth expression looks terrible with any facial hair)But overall, thank you. It's just nice to have games with thoughtful and engaging story, and that I feel like I'm actually being represented in, at least to some extent. It means a lot."
,Recommended,654880,33710906,Posted: 21 July,all,Vnyxi,"The game is really well done and i enjoy it quite a bit. It's charming and funny, the puns are fantastic! Really love this game a ton."
,Recommended,654880,33710233,Posted: 21 July,all,trollfishprince,"So I've played through three of the routes now, two bad endings, one good ending (Craig <3) and I can safely say I thoroughly enjoy this game a lot! It's really cute and it can take a bit of time to get through, but not too much time. Part of me wishes there was more, but I feel like the short and sweet is good. My only really problem are the little typos, but I assume that and any other minor glitches will get fixed in future patches. Specifically the third date with Craig had a considerable amount of noticable typos.Otherwise, great game! Highly recommend it!EDIT: THERE'S MORE TO THIS GAME THAN MEETS THE EYE"
,Recommended,654880,33685463,Posted: 20 July,all,DangerDrift,"I've only played 3 hours of it and started one route but I have to say that this game is honestly great, especially for a FIRST game. When it was first announced I was both surprised and not surprised that the Game Grumps were not only realeasing a game, but a dad dating sim. A dating sim. With dads. That's exactly something they would do. You would think it couldn't get better than that but NO. The art and game is gorgeous, the mini games are creative, fun, and challenging, the characters and dialogue (very important) are fantastic, and there are puns. Everywhere. It's GREAT. Very punny and all around a great time.You can tell the team really took a lot into consideration since I saw a ""streamer friendly"" option that censors copyrighted content for streamers. They also imply that your ""dadsona"" can be transgender with the option to select a bodytype with a binder over the chest. Oh, and all those skintone choices! You can tell this game was made with a ton of love, effort, and dedication and it really shows. Just what I hoped for from a Game Grumps-produced game!"
,Recommended,654880,33685524,Posted: 20 July,all,Trumanblack,CHOOSE YOUR DADDY xD
,Recommended,654880,33685587,Posted: 20 July,all,Nik,!!!!! A few bugs here and there but the game was so amazing and it had 3 hours of gameplay for just ONE (1!!) dad. I am so excited to play all storylines to completion. Great game
76561198161491091,Recommended,654880,33685337,Posted: 20 July,all,Ismeralda,"This game is so amazing and funny.I'm not even all that far into it, but I have literally been crying the entire time. It is definitely worth grabbing it."
,Recommended,654880,33685345,Posted: 20 July,all,the dog star,"Plenty of mac and cheese.  Almost enough dogs.  Really sweet father-daughter subplot.  Would be nice if you could show off your Dadbook page, I guess?  Totally worth it."
76561198403360518,Recommended,654880,33685407,Posted: 20 July,all,cutecat443,11 thermostats out of 10
,Recommended,654880,33685086,Posted: 20 July,all,Phaaronite,"Excellent writing, great puns, sick dads, and way more wholesome than anything I've ever done."
,Recommended,654880,33687850,Posted: 20 July,all,_SixxSense_,"This is INCREDIBLE. Okay so I honestly thought it would be just like Hunie Pop, nothing wrong with that, but wow this is so amazing! I completed Robert's stuff and I love his character, the story he gave and the experience I had. That and he looks sorta like Sebastian Castellanos from The Evil Within, aaand I'm some serious JoSeb trash. I designed my ""dad"" to look like Joseph Oda, name included. I was not disappointed in one bit. While I accidentally got the bad ending first, I reloaded again, given the chance to try and find a really well written story about Robert. 10000/10"
,Recommended,654880,33687876,Posted: 20 July,all,jokersby,"The game is superb but my game crashed and now Amanda won't leave my screen. Also one of the hairstyle isn't colored in completely and has white dots and gaps in it. Other than small things like that, the game is amazing!!!!"
,Recommended,654880,33687820,Posted: 20 July,all,Darkovika,"AMAZING. TEN/TEN. Dadkovika is my dadsona, 100%. Amanda is my dream child. COULD NOT DO THE DO WITH BAD DAD."
76561198314498809,Recommended,654880,33688901,Posted: 20 July,all,YamiHearts,"Great game if you're looking for a DAD time.Seriously, though, a really fun game to play through. Replay value is probably going to be low, and the mini games... wow, are they tough, but the characters have heart in often unexpected ways and was endeared to most of them immediately. Best Dad Dating Simulator you're going to find."
,Recommended,654880,33687146,Posted: 20 July,all,LameSushi,Dadalicious Daddys. i love everything about it.
,Recommended,654880,33686957,Posted: 20 July,all,wildoge,"I actually really love this game! Filled with dad puns, and things about each character I would never really expect. Definitely looking forward to playing this game multiple times to achieve different endings and reactions."
76561198094739990,Recommended,654880,33726127,Posted: 22 July,all,ness_tiny,"I'm a big fan of dating sims but American ones leave a LOT to be desired, the same goes for any Sim with any kind of same sex relationship aspect. This one gets SO close to exactly what I want. It is a little short but its fun, its cute, the mini-games are great! A few of the characters really surprised me!I started out with Hugo cause I honestly wanted to get him out of the way. I thought it was going to be a lot of carefully selecting the right literary references and jamming the space bar to speed through long winded education tantrums. I don't want to spoil anyone but Hugo has hidden depths . . . or maybe hidden shallows. Whatever it is he is honestly my favorite character now .If you like dads get this game!"
76561198076464640,Recommended,654880,33707328,Posted: 21 July,all,Cherry QUEEN,"It's really fun, entertaining, and every character is lovable in their own way."
76561198069335111,Recommended,654880,33708523,Posted: 21 July,all,carol.scharth,"Super funny game, also short so if you want to have a nice afternoon go for it(also i'll never forgive you joseph xoxo)"
76561198398766541,Recommended,654880,33706851,Posted: 21 July,all,9xyuffieninja,"Dream Daddy is amazing.WIth diverse characters, engaging mini games that are often not found in dating simulators as such and fleshed out characters, it is easily to get lost in this little world. Every character (dad) has secrets that are only revealed upon choosing to romance that character that bring them more life and create a sweeter ending.  Although not all characters can receive a ""happy"" ending in the way that you may want, it makes sense given the story and feels more realistic.  My only real complaint is the character design. The options are limited and cartoony (in a bad way) and it is hard to create a character representative of your or that feels on par with the other dads of the game. I do like, however that you have the option to create a trans Dadsona as well as a bisexual Dadsona!Tldr:Dream Daddy is amazing and inclusive but the character creator is a bit lacking.  (Not enough to take away from great gameplay.)"
76561198147595409,Recommended,654880,33708398,Posted: 21 July,all,cherryblossombun,"at first, I had low expectations for this game. I thought it was going to be some silly little satirical dating sim. hoo boy, was I wrong about that.the game is an awesome little game about dating hot single dads, and finding the right one for you! the graphics are very aesthetically pleasing to look at, and very polished. not only that, though. all of the characters have a nice depth to them, to make them seem, well, a bit real and loveable!it's also very LGBT friendly, which I enjoy a ton! plus, you can make your own dad! what's not to love about this?"
,Recommended,654880,33708096,Posted: 21 July,all,Swoobatsy,"OVERALL - 7/10I consider DDADDS, for what it is, a really wonderful game. It's not perfect, but it's definitely a great shot for the team's first game and it's easy to see a lot of love has clearly gone into it. You might feel it's not worth the $15, especially if you don't play this genre, but I think it's an acceptable price and was willing to pay that solely to support the efforts of a small team that worked hard to provide a game that is funny, charming, and sweet. It does take a certain sense of humor to enjoy the game, which relies a lot on puns and jokes based around anxiety, internet culture, and day-time tv, but if that sounds like something you'd enjoy, it's worth it. The characters are fun and varied and, as a queer NB player, the trans and bi/pan inclusivity is much appreciated. If you regularly enjoy dating sims, I don't think you'll regret adding this one to your list. If you're not into this genre, your mileage may vary and it might be worth it to wait on a sale if you really want to try it out.(Very long and thorough review below - includes some major and some minor spoilers)STORYStory wise, DDADDS is par for the course. You meet your options, you go on your dates, you get your cg. But each dad offers an arc that primarily deals with their own emotional insecurities that you can help them overcome. Mat andhis social anxieties, Craig andhis need to overcorrect his college behavior, Damien andhis self esteem issues, etc. As a person that has their own emotional issues and has dealt with anxiety and depression, it was nice to see these types of issues addressed and supported. Each character has a problem and takes steps to address said problem rather than solely having the love of the player-character solve it for them. You don't kiss Robert's bad decisions away, you confront him with the hard truth that he can't change unless he puts in the effort to make that change in himself. The relationship between Amanda and her dad is also great to watch play out.When looking at the game as a whole, I consider the $15 price just fine. It came out to around 11 hours of content for me playing through each route once and, with my experience, that's pretty standard for a dating sim like this. If you go in with the plans to only play one route and ignore others, then yes, it'll be a pretty short game. But you're not paying the price of one route, you're paying the price of all the routes. I can agree with the slight disappointment of feeling like you don't actually Date your Dream Daddy in this Daddy Dating Simulator (since the third date focuses on the climax of your relationship and the resolution of their emotional issue), but I think it's a good end from a writing standpoint.ARTI found the art in this game to be really well done. There's a lot of criticism about the backgrounds and character sprites clashing, but I'm in disagreement with that being an issue at all. It's a visual novel and your attention is supposed to be on the characters - they are more detailed because they are the focus. The background serves its purpose of being a background and doesn't really need to be more than that.There are some minor criticisms to be made about the dadsona art of the game. The dadsona creator really does clash with the style of the other characters. I can understand and assume it's because they wanted a somewhat simpler style to provide more character creation options, but it's still just a tad distracting. There's also at least one hair  and a few accessories (that I've seen) that don't seem to be colored in properly, but it's just a minor visual bug and you can choose pieces that don't look like that (though some, like the big grin lips, you may not see unless you chose a certain color and have started into the game). It is unfortunate it went missed while they were polishing the game, but I don't consider it a deal breaker.I would have liked there to be more CGS (the ""special"" pictures you get through playing a vn and going down someone's route - in DDADDS's case, they are the pinups you receive at each good end), even some with Amanda. CGs are one reason you get a lot of replayability value in visual novels - you want to fill up your gallery. I don't think not having them really takes away from the game's worth, but it would have added a lot to see an illustration of Mat's expression as heplayed the piano for you for the first timeor to see Hugo beaming ashis personal idol praised his work and signed his shirt. I did enjoy the unique art styles for each of the pinups we received, though I got a bit confused when Mat's (whose route I completed first) matched the character art of the game and the others didn't. It may have been more consistent visually to either make them all match or have someone else draw Mat's too.GAMEPLAYThere's very little of it, and that's kind of the point of a visualnovel. For everyone who thought it was boring to have to go through large chunks of text, that's just what visual novels are. It's like complaining about too much shooting in a First Person Shooter. If you dislike having to go through a lot of text, even with the fast forward option, you will not enjoy this game.The Minigameswere a definite surprise. They're interesting enough to break up the potential monotony of the text, but simple enough that they don't take a lot to get through. That being said, they can be frustrating with a lack of clear instructions. Mat's minigame had controls that didn't seem to respond correctly all of the time, it wasn't clear you could turn the pieces of Damien's gargoyle upside down, and Hugo's game is odd in that you really don't know if you're winning or losing while you're playing.The Voice Actingis about what I expected. Again, most VNs don't have voice acting at all, and when they do, this is what you're more likely to get. I can understand feeling a bit misled when the store page simply says ""voiced"" and not something like ""partially voiced."" But it's faster for me to just read the lines than wait for the character to get finished speaking them, so I actually prefer this for visual novel games.The Grading/Approval Systemis another staple of dating sims. While it can be a pain to realize that making one wrong decision all the way at the beginning of the game affected the ending (//coughsdon't sleep with Robert or leave early on his first date), it's par for the course. You're supposed to go through and make the ""right"" decisions to get the most appropriate ending. That's your gameplay. But this is the saving grace of a single route being relatively short, you can go back to correct anything you missed and get your good ending within about 45 minutes if you're fastfowarding through. This is also a game where it doesn't hurt you to explore other routes within a playthrough and I appreciate that. I kept getting worried I'd trigger some sort of argument between Damien and another Dad because I did his two dates first before exploring the others and the game would accuse me of cheating on him when I was just trying to explore as much of the game as possible. Thankfully, it didn't, and that made reloading back to the pre-date 3 saves for everybody's final scenes very easy. That being said...The Save Systemas a whole is one I don't particularly like. I'm used to the ren.py format, where you manage a good number of saves yourself. The consistent auto saving was very nice, but I really disliked how it would occasionally delete your saves to keep things less cluttered. It likely won't be an issue for you if you're vigilant about your saves, but it's slightly annoying to have to keep checking to make sure your pre-date 3 dadbook save hasn't been pushed into the bin.(reached text limit - bugs and secret bad ending in comments)"
,Recommended,654880,33707543,Posted: 21 July,all,MildMoose,"A really great game, the characters are so perfect, even if one, and I'm not telling who, has infuriated both my fiance and me. It has everything I want in a dating sim and is engaging in both story and game play. I love being a dad and I love my daughter. All the interactions are written very well. 100% recommend this game."
76561198293490785,Recommended,654880,33707347,Posted: 21 July,all,Kat,"I have not finished all of the stories yet, however, I can't help but rave about this game. I was kind of iffy at first and didn't think that I would enjoy it too much (I usually play otome as there is a female main character). When watching a YouTube playthrough, I knew that I needed this game in my life. It is extremely well written and very funny. The characters are memorable and likable. My only issue is that the game is so dang short. I wish we got more date options so we could get to know the characters even more. Even some more daughter-father bond-time with Amanda would be pretty sweet. Overall, I'm blown away with this game as it exceeded my expectations greatly.  I kind of wish it was cheaper or I waited for a sale as Dogenzaka Lab games and even Seduce Me 2 are a lot longer for around the same price. Robert's my fav, btw ;)"
76561198260115245,Recommended,654880,33706982,Posted: 21 July,all,MKZ,This game is so much more than a dating sim. This game is so amazing that I truly can't find words to express my love for it. Just know that this game has representation of all types. And be prepared for secrets that are buried deeper than we expected.
76561198030204354,Recommended,654880,33707865,Posted: 21 July,all,fantasyrocks13,"Loving this game so far! I'm doing a second round of Craig's route & if I don't feel I chose the right answer I've been going to the load screen to step back to the last save point. I'm at the brunch scene, went back to try another choice & I have the creepy woods music w/ the creepy twins in the scene.XD I don't know if it'd been mentioned yet but there we go.LOVE this so far! Thank you guys for your hard work & despite the setbacks you've really made a great dating sim."
,Recommended,654880,33707938,Posted: 21 July,all,FUCK EXPRESS,420 date dads errday
,Recommended,654880,33707720,Posted: 21 July,all,Maricu,Very sweet dating sim and obviously one of a kind. Made me feel many feels so far.But I can only recommend waiting for a sale. It still lacks many details and feels a bit short for 15€.
76561198257471247,Recommended,654880,33707622,Posted: 21 July,all,lthrblm,"cute, relate-able, contemporary. would highly recommend. its made me emotional several times and ive only had experience with one of the dads, in-depthly."
76561198189346807,Recommended,654880,33707787,Posted: 21 July,all,synthpop,"Overall I really enjoyed Dream Daddy. I don't regret buying it and might play it again in the future. There were some flaws; personally I wasn't huge on the way the ends were handled, I really would've prefered to have more time to be romantic with the dad of my choice. There were a few dads I really ended up liking quite a bit and I was sad when there barely was any time for things to get any further than a couple kisses (I don't mean I'm dissapointed there was no sex scenes, I just mean I wish we could've seen the romantic relationship develop more). For some of the dads it was too hard to get the good end for my liking, since there really was no value in getting the bad ends. I still have no idea if Joseph has a truly good end and I've replayed his third date at least five times now.The art was fantastic, the dad jokes plentiful, and I love and support my beautiful daughter Amanda. I had a lot of fun playing! It balanced the humor of a dad dating simulator and having serious moments and developments very well. While not a perfect game, if you're into dating sims and don't mind/like some dad-based humor I'd say give it a shot!"
,Recommended,654880,33723560,Posted: 22 July,all,Cadoan,"This game is amazing and I wholeheartedly think you should buy it.Why? The humor is fantastic and I found myself laughing out loud more times than I can remember.There's a bunch of different dads to choose from and they are all cute, both in looks and in personality.The artstyle is soft and cute and gives a cuddly feel that makes you feel good inside.There's a big amount of different characters, and different sexualities and identities are effortlessly portrayed as something no one bats an eye at.It may not take more than 30 minutes to go through the dates with one speficic dad, but that's okay. This is the perfect game to play over the course of a weekend with a cup of coffee. Extremly relaxing and feel good feels all around."
76561198112486081,Recommended,654880,33720889,Posted: 22 July,all,AnonymousMrGreen,"Really good game, voice acting is good quality, although scarce.Main gripe with the game is, there aren't many CGs throughout, it's kind of disappointing, but for a 15 dollar price point, I say it's definitely worth it."
,Recommended,654880,33724251,Posted: 22 July,all,Count Dickula,11/10 would let D̶a̶n̶n̶y̶ Robert abuse me again
76561198128066543,Recommended,654880,33722912,Posted: 22 July,all,Trollzyn the Infinite,A Wholesome Game with a lovely story. has reaffirmed my daddy kink though.10/10 would date Damien again.
,Recommended,654880,33722285,Posted: 22 July,all,Cawksniff,"This is actually great. I was expecting some terrible game that takes all of the pot shots, but what I got was a heartwarming tale of love, loss and happiness. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198035190109,Recommended,654880,33687104,Posted: 20 July,all,kakawesome,"I've played 4 hours worth and I love it! I can't help mouthing the lines to myself. There are a few little bugs but it doesn't detract from the game and they can be patched. Love the characters and the dates. The writing is really fun and cute with some underlying secrets I haven't discovered yet. My complaint is I want to romance them all, even the ones I didn't think I'd like....I would like to add on, now that I've played more, that the minigames don't fully explain what to do. I found myself fumbling a bit and hoping what I was doing was correct. I would have like to learn more about each character."
76561198204431439,Recommended,654880,33750607,Posted: 23 July,all,zoi_no_miko,"DDADDS was everything I've come to expect from a great dating sim, all wrapped up in one delightful, pun-filled, meme-sprinkled LGBT friendly package. The characters were all delightfully multi-faceted, and I very much appreciated that what you got out of your pursued relationships was often completely different from what you were expecting. I also appreciated that the storylines were pretty obviously linear, so that I didn't have to reply multiple times to figure out how to pursue each dad - it was easy to focus on the storyline.If the game had a second release, I would love to see:- Better character creation art. Even just more ""normal"" eye and mouth options would have been nice - I wanted a handsome dad, and they were all pretty goofy. And ideally the player character art quality should be somewhat close to as handsome as the rest of the character art.-More obviously fleshed-out storyline for the Dad that everyone's complaining about. To be fair, it's pretty obvious from the beginning that pursuing the guy is a Poor Life Choice, so I was quite satisfied by his endings, but it would have been nice to let my Dad make the decision to leave the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, rather than being left?- The ability to play the mini-games outside of the dates- MORE DATES! MORE DADS!"
76561198285911530,Recommended,654880,33749939,Posted: 23 July,all,ToOtterSpace!!,"Each dad stories, depending on the choices you make has an interesting thing to tell! They're very different and digging through different kinds of problems, mostly personal insecurities from paranoia to overall low self esteem. Take the time to read all the dialogues and you'll get to appreciate each dad, or at least some of them depending on your likes!I can't compare it to any dating sim since it's the very first I play, but from what I hear a lot of them seem pretty materialistic, you have to 'get the girl/boy' and that's it. There's no NSFW content in this game (not that I would complain if there was) but I think it's a good thing in some way, you get to focus on the stories more than the idea of absolutely have sex with the characters.I didn't feel it was 'gay propaganda' at all, if anything you tend to even forget the gender of your own character while you focus on the story. There are some things that could be done better, aside from the bugs, 7 dates are quickly all done even with all the options, I wish there was more, I wish there were more secret endings! good, bad, dark, anything! Something thrilling!"
76561198140229093,Recommended,654880,33753189,Posted: 23 July,all,ปีนตึกหนียาม,"I didn't think I was going to like it this much. It's hilarious! Art is gorgeous. It also manages to be heartwarming, especially when the dads talk about/with their kids. The characters are very likeable. At first they are presented as just stereotypes, but as the story progresses they become more than just that. This is the aspect I find to be surprisingly good.I know this game is not perfect. I'd like the choices to hold more weight and the player's character to have more personality options. (And the dadsona could be a little prettier.) But then, as it is, it's still very enjoyable."
76561198262838896,Recommended,654880,33752823,Posted: 23 July,all,Bloody Spaghetti,this is amazing though the voice acting would be better if you would read it but i understand the time consumptions. but over all will play agaian and again.though dlc . do it dlc
,Recommended,654880,33752878,Posted: 23 July,all,themonsterghost,"I love all the work and love that went into this game. The art is fantastic, the music is great, and the relationships retain a sense of believability. Not every ending is picture perfect, which I think is suitable and makes each route unique. There's someone in this game for everyone."
,Recommended,654880,33758914,Posted: 23 July,all,thebardchannel,"If you liked sweet visual novels like Hustle Cat (which I 100% do), you'll probably like this one!There are fun mini games, a pretty rad character creator, and the best daughter you could ask for to accompany great writing and art.Also what I believe is a Monster Factory reference in Hugo's route."
,Recommended,654880,33706379,Posted: 21 July,all,Camels,This dating game / visual novel is incredibly cute and charming. I can play for hours without even realizing it. I absolutely love the characters. Good job team!
76561198083174412,Recommended,654880,33778218,Posted: 24 July,all,Liz Lemon,"This game is a joy to play.  The story is good and there are multiple enjoyable stories.  My only dislike is that there is no reset for Josephs mini game to fix the radio.  I am playing without a mouse and I keep having to shut down the game and open it again to get all the pieces back.  Some of them keep flying out of my reach.  Other than that, this game is so much fun and if you have ever been into dating sims or you just like good storytelling this is for you."
,Recommended,654880,33778164,Posted: 24 July,all,Huma_Carrion_Eater,"Spoilers within:Where do I begin? This game is pretty much perfect. It's effortlessly inclusive, funny, genuine, and meaningful. Every dateable character has a complex and sometimes very surprising story arch, making it so much more satisfying than a dating sim that's all frosting. The relationship with your character's daughter, Amanda, is such a powerful foundation for everything else. I gather that there is a bad ending with her where you're mean to her, but I could never be mean to Manda Panda! If you're kind and try your best to be understanding of her problems, there's this beautiful Team Dad against the world dynamic between the two of you, especially because your previous partner (you can choose whether they were male or female, and whether you are trans, which opens up the implication that you gave birth to her if you choose that route) died. It's implied your partner died tragically in some way, and that losing him/her is what prompts your dad and Manda to move to Maple Bay, where the rest of the story progresses.The dialouge is fantastic. You can also see both your character's verbal responses and his inner monolouge, which are often at odds in hilarious ways. The humor is so engaging. Hugo, the hunky Literature professor who is secretly a huge Wrestlemania fan, has an online pseudonym under which he publishes match breakdowns. That pseudonym? J.D. Slamminger. You and Hugo also form a trivia team at one of the local bars. Its name? Craigslist Swissed Connections. I mean, it doesn't get better than that. Even the minor characters are awesome, such as Quizzmaster Quinn, who you meet at several different functions where he consistently gets emotionally messy about his personal problems.Which brings me to the dates, since Quinn factors into one of them: Robert's third date has got to be one of the best ones. You take over Quinn's ghost tour and riff off of each other, creating a sweeping, entirely false narrative about how you're high powered ghost hunters who have traveled all over the world defeating the forces of the underworld. It's so much fun. Craig, who you were roommates with in college, has a very simple, touching third date where you go camping together. He makes you dinner. There aren't enough blankets. You can fill in the blanks.Another interesting aspect is that it becomes clear that you're not just dating the dads, but considering who has the right child to compliment Amanda. Amanda and Daisy, Brian's daughter, have my favorite interactions. Daisy is only ten but she's something of a super genius. However, she has trouble playing and using her imagination to improvise, which Amanda helps her with. Amanda and Carmensita, Mat's daughter, also have a special bond that's very sweet to see.My only quibbles: some of the dads will leave you out of nowhere. I was given every impression that Mat and I were on a great track, only to be coldly dumped at the end with no explanation. Joseph...just don't do that to yourself, okay? I chose him on my first playthrough and I felt legit upset in real life over how this one plays out. His good ending is really just another bad ending. Robert will also leave you, though there's a better reaosn (Robert sucks as a person, knows it, and doesn't want to inflict himself on you while he tries to figure out becoming a decent guy), and it is implied that they might get back together in the future. I'd say Hugo, Craig, and Brian give the best payouts, but Damien is also very charming (and trans himself!). It's tough to go wrong with these four!Thank you Game Grumps for such an amazing game, that never shies away from letting me be gay and giving me more than one narrow option as an afterthought. This means so much to me as a queer trans person, and honestly as a child who is estranged from their dad. Playing through Amanda and my dad's relationship made me feel a little bit better."
76561198401337062,Recommended,654880,33778945,Posted: 24 July,all,Senpengu,"Highly recommend this game if you're interested in lovable unique characters. I can see a lot of dedication,love and effort was put in this game. There's realism with each story and the bond you have with your daughter throughout the game is charming."
,Recommended,654880,33706723,Posted: 21 July,all,menmaatre,"Very funny and fun to play, as well as surprisingly sweet and serious in the right way. Plus, the dads are lovely (Hugo <3 <3 <3) and I like that the character creators allows you to be genderfluid or feminine guy."
76561198023781727,Recommended,654880,33776487,Posted: 24 July,all,charles.shuller,Great fun
76561198105586195,Recommended,654880,33777174,Posted: 24 July,all,Tbones,"Adorable art and cute stories. Ran smoothly with 0 gltiches, hope to see more games like this."
76561198150607417,Recommended,654880,33777154,Posted: 24 July,all,mollymollymary,"I expected the comedy in this game (and there were several times I laughed out loud), but the depth of character and poignancy were complete surprises. The main game is well-written and engaging, the mini-games are hilarious and the individual character plotlines are beautiful and sometimes heart-breaking. I got invested in each of the Dads almost immediately. Absolultely worth playing!"
,Recommended,654880,33776909,Posted: 24 July,all,PrimeRib,"8/10  Needs more Brian.  If shirtless, may consider another date."
76561198063198821,Recommended,654880,33772060,Posted: 24 July,all,maplemarcher,"This game is so heartfelt, genuine, and funny. True, it's not the best game in the world, but for Christ's sake it's their first game. And for a first game, it's wonderful. It has wonderful representation, fun characters, and an overall good feeling. Dating dads is part of the game, sure, but I think the game is more about fatherhood than anything. The struggles of being a parent, trying to do what's best for your child, and, at the same time, having a loving relationship with them. It was hard. I didn't know when to push Amanda to keep talking, and sometimes when I did, it didn't turn out well. Other times it helped more than I thought it would.tl;dr: This game is a gem. It's funny, it's charming, it's heartfelt. I loved it."
76561198005749847,Recommended,654880,33773929,Posted: 24 July,all,Rhavenouz,"heh i played for 1.7h and love the game already, it's funny, akward and got alot of neat references just the way i like it."
,Recommended,654880,33776901,Posted: 24 July,all,ching5657,"This was an incredible game. The art and the writing of the characters were INCREDIBLE. I highly recommend this if you want a good representation of lgbt characters. The amount of bisexual/pansexuality representation without people of the lgbt community being fetishized is out of this world. If you want to have a good time and date or befriend some dads, this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,654880,33773762,Posted: 24 July,all,broketheinterweb,"10/10 for replayability. I played it through at least 8 times this weekend, and there's so much more to play. Date those Dads!"
76561198092245761,Recommended,654880,33781843,Posted: 25 July,all,PAPA SMURF,"I love the art style, the story, colorful characters with their own personality, minigame is kinda fun and exceptable but in the other hand the game is too short, very straight storyline, character creation is suit with art syle of the game, may need little more work into it, Overall it is a fun game so fr 6/10."
,Recommended,654880,33758539,Posted: 23 July,all,rudekaiser12,"So just to preface my review I am a 26yr  man who picked this game up after GG announced it. It really speaks to all of my Wanna be dad antics and sick puns. It follows your Generic Dating Simulator platform. Nothing beyond your DSIM (Dating Simulator) voice acting, or grunting. So far I enjoy it and playing the game Whilst under the influence of a six pack of terrapin hopsecutioner and a bottle of Jackson reserve.Spoilers It does offer an LGBT option in the beginning, which isn't so blatant, that makes the game a very politcally centered/libetarian  game whichI find very refreshing. Play the game. Its a dating simulator and it is very appealing for what it is. The complaint I have is customization of your dad. If I could make my daddy look like Gerard Butler in 300 I would be so happy."
76561198001443554,Recommended,654880,33785119,Posted: 25 July,all,Little John,"I really enjoyed the game, but there are just a lot of tiny errors that cant be overlooked by my love of attractive dads and puns. For instance, I picked the background where my character was married to a woman and it keeps refering to my Husband, or the plot holes that just never seem to get an explanation, like the most glaring one, why if you were married to a woman... you suddenly find yourself craving dad-meat. I enjoyed this game, which is why its getting a thumbs up, but it still feels like it needs a LOT more polish(which I mentally pronounce Polish for funsies)"
76561198124063018,Recommended,654880,33785120,Posted: 25 July,all,ficfan3484,"I love how the diverse cast of characters were treated with respect. No fat jokes, no transphobic comments, both gay and bisexual characters are given sweet and adorable stories."
,Recommended,654880,33786374,Posted: 25 July,all,coefore,"The game is overall adorable and very nice, I enjoyed all the routes (even though I felt the Brian one was the one lacking the most) and replayed it to get different results, albeit very little. I'd love to see a furter upgrade with more differentiation among the endings + fixing bugs etc. I have high hopes on it though!! I highly reccommend it."
76561198092549444,Recommended,654880,33786035,Posted: 25 July,all,MaaKii,"I bought this game not knowing what to expect, and because I cried of laughter just by hearing and seeing the intro music/trailer.First of all, I found the game a bit pricey, but then again I also bought, Coming Out On Top and that is the same price range, for the same style of game.This game is funny, is silly, is enjoyable and just plain hilarious and cute at the same time. However, there are a few things that bugged me from the choices u make are;- if u choose that Amanda was adopted, later on the game still refers to Amanda being born into the family.- if u choose a female spouse, instead of a male one, the game keeps refering to ur husband.Further are the storylines a bit short, all just 3 dates and stuff, which is nice and all, but just a bit shortlived. The thing that could spice it up, are more pinup drawings per character. I mean, Coming Out On Top had atleast 7 scene drawings of ur dates or things that happend at the time.Lastly, it would be nice to have a somewhat more engaing ending after the party. Have a personalised pinup with the new family or u with the daddy u've commited to.But I do recommend playing this game if u're into these casual type of games. If u're in for a laugh, cute storyline, and don't mind some bromance."
76561198040631927,Recommended,654880,33783805,Posted: 25 July,all,onbin,"I'm mainly recommending this out of appreciation for a game like this existing. It's cute, silly, current, and simple. Daddies are mostly charming and handsome, but none of the releationships felt either meaningful or steamy. Game definitely lacks depth and consistency--never really sure when choices were throwaways or when mini games mattered. Again, recommendation comes from a desire to see more of these types of dating sims [gay/queer] out there. Oh, and from the lack of features or variations in story, I don't believe it's worth $15... maybe $5-10."
,Recommended,654880,33783720,Posted: 25 July,all,Andy,"It's a fun premise with cute characters. I didn't go into this taking it seriously, and I probably enjoyed it more because of that. The game's storylines are very short, but most of those storylines are well done and effective. Not a lot of time is given to getting to know the characters, but I was still hooked in well enough to care about them and enjoy their happy endings as a result.I started out making a new dad character for each dad I wanted to pursue, but that takes a lot more time and the story outside the dates is exactly the same. By the third time I was fast-forwarding everything except for the dates I'd yet to experience. That lead me to wishing for an automatic fast-forwarding button that a lot of visual novels have, as well as automatically stopping once it gets to a part you've never seen before.The character art is really well done. Although the environments, the customized dad character art, and the ending pinup images are all done in clashing art styles. My favorite style was the one used for the characters, and I found some backgrounds to be lacking in the detail or polish that the characters had. The music is also nice, nothing special but it reminded me of Animal Crossing, mainly the cheerful goofy sounding track, which I thought was fun.In retrospect, I might not consider this game worth $15, but I don't regret purchasing it and I thoroughly enjoyed the time I spent playing it. As I've gone through all of the storylines I might not return to play again anytime soon, but if someone finally figures out the ""Escape from Margarita Zone"" or ""World's Okayest Dad"" achievements, I'll come back and check out that. I can also see myself replaying this in the future, when it's been long enough that my familiarity with the story has waned a bit."
,Recommended,654880,33785418,Posted: 25 July,all,TheGreatZomboni,"Game was fun and intersting.  Seems there is some replay value trying to do best in the minigames, price is fair for it's content.  Artwork is really nice, story flows well.  A couple of minor bugs that I found (mostly if I picked ""mother"" in the start it would still mention a ""father"" instead, but nothing game breaking)."
76561198025155569,Recommended,654880,33777534,Posted: 24 July,all,TsoliAstra,"If you have ever played a visual dating novel, this is for you. If you haven't, get it anyway. Yes, the spoken dialogue isn't particularly inspiring, but that's pretty par for the course in these games. The actual written dialogue is 100% hands down the best I've ever seen in a game like this. There is snark, there are feelings, there is innocence, there are innuendos, and there are puns. My god, the puns.I've played my fair share of dating sims (I have no shame but yet so much pride) and this one definitely stands out. Well done, Game Grumps."
76561198271433931,Recommended,654880,33777733,Posted: 24 July,all,dkgrover98,"While this game has some typos and very simple graphical glitches, I found this game to be extremely fun! All of the dads have great story arks and I found every second on the dates entertaining! I wasn't a huge fan of the mini games because not many of the games were very easy to do/worked very well at all, but I did like the point of having them there. And for a small staff with a very short amount of time to work on everything, I highly commend them on maing something of this high quality. Please play this game. Give it a try, even if you don't think you'll like it. It's a dating sim. Just a little bit gay though. 10/10"
,Recommended,654880,33777815,Posted: 24 July,all,Mushroom Witch,"Definitely worth the wait. There were a couple spelling errors here and there and the music seems to stop whenever you reload while playing the game, but otherwise it didn't make the game any less enjoyable. The only thing I'd change would be a few mini games, there's no possible way I'll ever be able to get the achievement for the minigolf game. However, I still had fun.All in all, solid gameplay with incredible stories for each character, including non-dads! Many laughs, many tears, and way too many puns. Congrats to Vernon, Leighton, the Grumps, and their friends for finally getting this game out on steam!"
76561198370481789,Recommended,654880,33802686,Posted: 26 July,all,katielovesbands,"Let me just say how amazing this game is. I've played quite a few dating sims in my life, but none with this level of writing and effort. You can truely see that the developers loved what they were doing working on this game. The characters are well written and feel real. That's the best thing about this game, the genuine emotion in it. After playing through my first route (Damien) I wanted to hug my dad and tell him how much I love and apreciate everything he does. This game is just so real. The endings with certain characters that give you the gallery photos are the ""good endings,"" but that doesn't mean you and the other dad end up together. It means that everyone is better off. The ending with a certain bad♥♥♥♥♥dad broke my heart a little bit, but I think it is the best possible ending for that character. This game is amazing, hilarious, and heartfelt  so if you're looking for a sign to buy this game; here it is."
,Recommended,654880,33800683,Posted: 25 July,all,SharkPilot,"This game is an absolute delight. Just looking at it, it's beautiful. The designs and colors are so crisp and just a pleasure for the eyes. I've experienced no bugs as of yet.The dads all have great dialogie and bios. I feel an in-depth connection with each one whether I liked them or not. The extra experience with raising my daughter added great depth to the game and had me thoroughly enjoying every experience.I recommend this game to anyone who has even a slight interest in it. It's a great game, cheap, and fulfilling. Despite it's price, you're receiving so much more."
,Recommended,654880,33681078,Posted: 20 July,all,Woosh Swoosh,"I found a bug. Characters seem to pop up and quickly disappear whenever the scene changes, and sometimes characters take too long to leave so they kinda teleport away? Also the sound effects people make (like sighing) seems awkwardly cut off at times. Amazing game though, but those are some things that might need fixing.I'll update this thread with bugs I find I suppose?"
76561198254296653,Recommended,654880,33801148,Posted: 25 July,all,teddiursarings,"i really love being able to play a dating sim with not only the option of playing as a trans character, but to also have the ability to select the daughter character as being adopted. its the little details in the story that really makes the experience good. the artwork is great and the writing is incredibly funny as well. the minigames were a breath of fresh air compared to other dating sims that only have such a huge amount of writing that they feel more like im reading a graphic novel than playing a dating sim (although i really need to brush up on those mini golf skills). even though i played through multiple routes i never felt the need to use the fast forward option."
,Recommended,654880,33801184,Posted: 25 July,all,Irishbelle,"It's not a bad game although there are a few things that could use work1) The create a dad is interesting, however, there aren't really that many options to make your dad look hot or even remotely good looking, especially compared to the adonises that you get to play match maker with2) I have nothing against being gay, straight, etc, that being said though, I do like the option to pick who my mate would be3) It would've been nice to customize our daughter as well4) It would have also been interesting to be able to pick a personality for our dad because, as it stands the guy is a hopeless tool and I mean.. yeah it may sell in Japanese Otome games where the woman is a complete hopeless tool but come on, this a man who's acting like a nerdy little 10 year old girl and it's kind of a put off. That being said, the only redeemable quality is the relationship he has with his daughter.All in all, being someone who has read countless otome games, this game is entertaining and passes the time but could use work.  I love the art, and I like most of the dads you can date, the story is ok and for the most part the game passes the time. Just wish there were more as mentioned above. Maybe we will see something along those lines in a DLC or something"
,Recommended,654880,33800985,Posted: 25 July,all,FaustsFaun,So I watched exactly 1 minute and 31 seconds of Markiplier playing this and instantly paused it and bought this game. I regret nothing.
,Recommended,654880,33806910,Posted: 26 July,all,mortalityplays,"Extremely cute with great visuals, just enough smarts and plenty of gentle humour. If you think you might like it, you will probably love it."
,Recommended,654880,33839122,Posted: 27 July,all,Raatha,"I highly recommend this game and would buy it at full price while you can.While the game is short - which is the only downside that i know of at the moment - it's amazingly sweet. It offers an appeal through witty writing and dad puns that no games have really put forth recently. Not to mention, the writers went out of their way to look beyond the stereotypes of each character and give each one a personal touch that makes them relatable.On a personal note, the game also did a lot to help my relationship with my own dad. The interactions with the various children and how their fathers deal with it were all very touching and gave a sort of insight to what my own father might be thinking. Our relationship is on the end because of this game.Over all, this game is worth playing. And while short, it's re-playability is something that shouldn't be over looked as the writing is spectacular and the team who made this put in a lot of effort to make this game amazing."
,Recommended,654880,33838812,Posted: 27 July,all,tristanoscars,"It may not be an amazing, blow you away kind of game, but I think Dream Daddy is a fun, cute and light-hearted game with a nice range of characters. As a queer gamer, I found myself spoilt for choice in ways I've never been before with all the available dads, and really enjoyed having queer characters whose stories were cute and not either entirely angsty or entirely sexual, as so many queer storylines are.I'd like more customisation options for my Dadsona and I was surprised and a little disappointed that the 'voice acting' was quite limited, but overall I'm glad I purchased this. It is a relatively short game, but I don't really mind that. However because of the shorter length, if you're still on the fence about whether or not this game is for you then I would recommend waiting for a sale."
76561198403935311,Recommended,654880,33817649,Posted: 26 July,all,winterprelude,"I was super hyped for this game but strangely enough it wasn't for the reasons I'm so hooked to it right now. I loved the concept, the art and the idea of it. Mind you, I've never played a dating simulator so I didn't know what to expect and the first few minutes were weird. For one, I expected the characters to be voiced? And not for me to read their lines in my own voice. But the more I played, the less this bothered me. In fact, it made watching reviews and gameplays on YouTube more fun :)I like that the dads are different and that the more you interact with them (together with the ways you interact) will change the setting, the characters and your opinion on them. One example of wrong first impression would be Mary and Joseph. So for you've just started playing the game, don't worry, things will change the more you play, the more you discover and interact. And it's going to be so worth it.Honestly, I would have played more for this game. At least for me price = content, but most importantly what I gained by playing Dream Daddy. It made me feel so happy and glad to be playing it, it's fun, it's creative, the dad jokes are horrible and I love them. The dates are cute (some challenging). There are a lot of dogs, which is always a plus. AND you get to be a real good dad to your daugher Amanda.I would totally recommend this game. Give it a try. It's a wild dad trip :DBut most importantly, a big thank you to the creators! I can't wait to see and play more of DDADS :)"
76561198146378174,Recommended,654880,33811566,Posted: 26 July,all,miles44,"I honestly will only recomment this game to people who enjoy visual novels and this dad love lol. But really this game is amazing and I absolutly love the writing. I play visual novels all the time and this one is by far my top 5 favorite. It gives you nice options to customize your character, go on different dates which I didn't do but others might like that. I also liked every character in this game which is rare since I hate at least one or two but I didn't here. If you don't enjoy the game then that's fine but do at least try it before judging."
,Recommended,654880,33800089,Posted: 25 July,all,Frankenkunt,"I came into this reluctantly. I’ve tried a fair number of dating sims, and I’ve only like two of them. I tend to find them pretty tedious, so I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed DD.The artwork is lovely and the storylines are endearing and often funny. I liked being able to customize my dad (just remember to go for a neutral expression unless you want to see you character grinning happily while your date talks about his deceased spouse).When delving into more serious topics, DD handles them in a very sympathetic way without weighing the game down with too much pathos. I found the Hugo, Brian, and Damien branches particularly delightful. I was surprised by how much the game made me care about the children and some of the dad-kid stories were my favorite parts of the game. The environments are warm and make you want to come back to chill with your dad dates and their adorable offspring.It’s a lovely, friendly, cute experience that makes for a nice respite from stressful daily living.A few complaints:- Hugo’s voice acting was not great. It sounded like they went into a random echo-y dorm room and recorded a guy’s half-a**ed responses. And that’s a shame because the writing on his arc is fantastic. I ended up taking my headphones out so I wouldn’t be distracted by the VA.- There are a few bugs to be worked out. The background music drops out if you load a save during the game and I got the creepy twins bug, which was hilarious but distracting.- I wish it were longer.These complaints are pretty minor and don’t detract from an overall great experience.If anything about DD intrigues you, you should check it out. It’s not a erotic game and it doesn’t involve much skill, but if you like to get to know interesting characters, I think you’ll appreciate it. If the idea of wooing the Game Grumps doesn’t appeal to you (I get it), don’t worry, their voices aren’t really noticable.I hope the devs decide to make more of this game, but even if they don’t, I look forward to whatever they’re working on next."
,Recommended,654880,33689083,Posted: 20 July,all,PrinceBeaufort,"Such a great story! Awesome writing, absolutely hilarious being 30 years old and getting all these references. Great detail, I was engaged the whole time! Thanks so much for this game, it was a really refreshing visual novel/dating simulator.The only thing I'd change, is maybe offering a bit more diversity in terms of body type. There was only 1 bigger guy and there were no skinny guys. Also, I would've preferred if there was some sort of sexy image/animation instead of the PG style - I'm not saying it needs to be Coming Out on Top style, but a little more visually would've made the game a little more rewarding at times."
76561198262528747,Recommended,654880,33822610,Posted: 26 July,all,procrastinasian,wait for it to go on sale (it's really good but not worth the price tag)
76561198003556682,Recommended,654880,33822812,Posted: 26 July,all,Sal,"This game is very charming and full of dad jokes that make me laugh. It's an awesome LGBT game and I love it to death. There's a bunch of random mini games that gave me mini heart attacks cuz it throws you in just like a dad throwing you into the deep end of the pool to teach you to swim.There are a few issues i have with it that could be fixed such as when I picked having a wife previous, the game continuously refers to my deceased husband instead... I also agree with others that the ""voice acting"" is weird and placed at odd times.But regardless of the downsides, I seriously recommend it."
,Recommended,654880,33823014,Posted: 26 July,all,mamisonte,"I want more. There needs to be a few updates added to this game that fixes some of the minor graphics and typo errors. I also would like to see a larger variety of options be added to the Build-A-Dad section like more body types and clothing. My biggest difficulty with this game was struggling to complete the minigames in some of the Dad's routes. I will probably never be able to earn the achievements for Brian's route minigames because they are just too difficult for me to win. I also noticed that Brian is the only dad who we do not get a lot of backstory on and I think that kind of sucks. I also wish that I had an opportunity to bond more with Ernest or Lucien at some point in the game. I know when we complete a good route we receive a photo of the Dad we dated, but I also wish there was a seperate photo album of just the photos that Amanda takes. I feel like she should be taking photos all throughout the game, since that is her passion, but it isn't really elaborated on that much. And is there really no way for us to win Joseph's heart? I have so many questions about this game.Basically, if you're still on the edge about buying this game, I would definitely give it a shot. This game is story-rich and you actually feel like you're bonding with these characters through how vulnerable they make themselves. The sounds queues are neary perfect and hanging with Amanda has made me love this game even more, although I have no clue how to get the bad Amanda ending achievement. My favorite parts of the game are getting pizza with Robert, messing around with Joseph's twins, playing catch with Craig, Hugo's third date, and basically everything about Damien. I am completely in love with Damien and he is my ultimate Dream Daddy.Right now, I would give this game a 7 out of 10. I really, really, really, want to see an update for this game. Not just because of the few errors that need fixing, but also because I really love the scenic backgrounds, the music, and every Dad's laugh. I want more and I feel like this game deserves recognition. As a Queer person myself, I really found some parts of the game to be relatable and heartwarming. Definitely worth my money and time."
,Recommended,654880,33687365,Posted: 20 July,all,Chicken Nut Bread,I want brian to ♥♥♥♥ me so hard i start seeing white
,Recommended,654880,33845595,Posted: 27 July,all,zubatcave,"'ll admit this game has it's faults and it's definitely not worth the $17(CAD) that I had paid, but it's an amazing f irst game from the Game Grumps and I'm fairly impressed.Pros:- The main menu song is so catchy even if they're just singing ""Dream Daddy""- I enjoy the ability to play the game and get different results / unlock achievements.- I loved being able to customise my own dad- The differ in personalities from each character was great!- The mini games were pretty fun, albeit confusing.- The interactions between the characters were abslutely adorable.Cons:- There wasn't much selection in the dad bod's when you make your dad. He's either skinny/muscly or overweight.- As I mentioned earlier, the mini games were fairly confusing. It just drops you into a scenario expecting you to know what to do.- The game seemed pretty short. After two dates you have to decide if you want to keep seeing the Dad. I would have liked a Huni Pop element where you had to date them four times.Despite all the Cons I would still recommend this to someone, if it were on sale for cheaper."
76561198141724769,Recommended,654880,33845766,Posted: 27 July,all,thundagaBlue,"This is the goofiest game I've played in a while that had me laughing nearly every other line. The little ""minigame"" challenges were unexpected and neat-o-rama. They were surprisingly intuitive! I've already recommended it to my pals that would have been interested and talked it up to the maybes, but even if they don't play, I'm still talking about it. The story is just that level of fun and silly that I enjoy. Whatever level of stars is available, I want the max amount to pin to this achievements board."
76561198235034500,Recommended,654880,33922529,Posted: 31 July,all,zillazilla,"great game! goregeous art and sweet, good writing. and so many puns. good god, the puns."
76561198259073699,Recommended,654880,33915853,Posted: 30 July,all,staygoldfrenchfries,If you want a dating simulator that's funny and wholesome this is the one. HonestlyI didn't think this game would make me feel as emotional as it did. Get it. GET IT NOW.
,Recommended,654880,33915956,Posted: 30 July,all,𝓛𝓮𝓱𝓲𝓻𝓪,"I liked the game, but it's better to wait Steam salesI really enojedDream Daddy. It's my first dating sim on PC so it's still a weird gameplay to me, but I loved it.To be honest, I bought it because a lot of friends of mine were playing it, so I tried the game as well. I still think that $15 for this game it's too much, but I also know that it's basically an Indie and the it's not for everyone, so... it worth the price, but if you're not into this kind of game, maybe it's better to wait for a sale.I romanced Damien and it's very cool. I liked the character and his story helped me to be a little bit more confident with myself. That's why this kind of game are very important.I had a couple of bugs, but I finished my first run without problem.My only advice for the team? More options in the CC, at least for the wardrobe!"
76561198250781124,Recommended,654880,33919339,Posted: 30 July,all,Rixen,"The Game isn't perfect, and it's still gotta work out the kinks, but that being said, I absolutely love this game and (most of) the dads. It's adorable and fun <3"
76561198058683940,Recommended,654880,33918967,Posted: 30 July,all,pan-talaimon,"A fun, refreshing game. Properly portioned silliness with seriousness."
,Recommended,654880,33919169,Posted: 30 July,all,Nicki,"This is honestly the cutest, most positive game I've played in awhile. It's just ADORABLE. All the dads are lovely, the dialogue is hilarious, the relationships feel very genuine.  I definitely found myself doing the ""fannish squeal of reading fluff"" more than once, and I've only played one route so far. 11/10 would absolutely recommend."
76561198035138386,Recommended,654880,33921637,Posted: 30 July,all,BasicB1atch,funniest and cutest game ever! love the art / love the music!
76561198141248962,Recommended,654880,33922571,Posted: 31 July,all,imanerd.geek,"I didn't know I wanted a game like this until I played it, and it's surprisingly well done. Most dating simulator games are somewhat lacking in readable english, but Dream Daddy is well written AND funny! My favorite part is that they included all sorts of dads to date."
,Recommended,654880,33914511,Posted: 30 July,all,cyberpink,"It's a pretty endearing game, and I really liked the humor."
,Recommended,654880,33736495,Posted: 22 July,all,TopHatta,"This game isn't 100% worth the $15 tag, but I really highly reccomend getting it if it goes on sale.The saving system isn't the greatest, (severely lacking in any real way to organize save files like you'd expect most visual novels to have), there is a lack of any cgs beyond the final postcards, no individual audio options between voice and bgm and has pretty uneccesary minigames. Short routes.butIt has BEAUTIFUL character sprites and the backgrounds can be very pretty. The writing in some of the routes is genuinely pretty funny, (but not always but the stand out moments stand out!). Also queer representation?My playtime is inflated trying to find the ""Secretssssssss"" for the supposed secret ending, but apparently it's impossible to obtain currently? Real playtime is roughly anywhere between 6-9 hours, depending on your reading speed and how willing you are to sit through fast forwarded dialouge and replay the same minigames over and over.PS: Review was previously ""not recommended"" until the recent patch that fixed a lot of the bugs and balancing issues with the game. Changed my reccomendation as promised!"
,Recommended,654880,33904465,Posted: 30 July,all,microfloppy,"Yes, there is a hype to this game. Still, it's definitely worth playing though if you like dating simulators. It was around 10 hours of total gameplay for me to date all dads.Pros:* A sweet story about a dad and his daughter* No matter your orientation, this game gives a multitude of great love/friendshop stories* Interesting dads to date with some fun character development along the way* Really pretty graphics and relaxing music* Dad-jokesCons:* Your dad already has a set personality - not much customization* Limited in choices on your dates* Not much voiceacing, mostly grunts, ""oohs"", and ""aahs""All in all, a good experience."
,Not Recommended,654880,33756897,Posted: 23 July,all,DisgruntledBag,"I reviewed this game once before, when I was about 25% of the way through it's contents. I realized later, after fully dating all the dads (all endings, including the bad ones) that it wasn't quite fair to rate it so hastily.Pros:- Sprites for the Dads and other characters in the game are really clean and well done. Their expression are always really readable, and the colors are super pleasing and clean.- Several dads have very heartwarming and sincere stories that I would play through again because they were so interesting and well written. (Looking at you Robert/Craig/Damien)- Interactions with you daughter Amanda are really cute.- Some minigames were actually really fun, even if they were just filler or reskins of previous games (I particularly like Brian's fishing minigame on his second date. It's basically just a less readable Bejewled, but I love Bejeweled, so it was fine with me.)- Robert- The ending is well constructed as a narrative device, a good way to bring back all the dads in one place after you've dated all of them (to at least 2, which I've found gives the meatiest ending).Cons:- Musical score is boring. Even scenes where it really could have used some kind of emotional or moving score, it just feels really generic or entirely lacking.- Some of the backgrounds are just laughably bad. They seem like hastily scribbled drawings with some quick coloring overlayed on them (Looking at you bayfront/yacht scenes)- Some dads have really unfulfilling or even confusing (Brians don't even feel like dates. Just you being a♥♥♥♥♥♥to him for no reason and then kiss.) stories. Joseph and Brian in particular are probably the worst.- Joseph's storyline in general is its own issue that needs its own bullet. If you're going to have him as a datable dad, and make TWO achievements concerning him, don't try and shame your fans as ""homewreckers"" for trying to date him. Give him a good ending that rewards work into getting SSS ranked dates. Especially when you establish Joseph's marriage as an unhappy and mutually unfulfilling affair.- Hugo is boring. The end. And his ""See you at school.......♥♥♥♥♥."" Voiceline literally made me cringe. Who wrote this?- On release, apparently they didn't even have one of the minigames playable. I hear it's been fixed since patch, but it's still a note.- It's very obvious they intended for the ""Secret Ending"" to be a more integral part of the game, and the removal of it has left the overarching story confused. Robert's hand tattoo (that you can even ask about), the matching symbol on Joseph's clock/cross/map, the mysterious necklace in his living room, Robert's appearence before Joseph's 3rd date, the ""Walk Mary Home"" section, the elusive Crish. It all feels excessive and confusing when it has no pay off.- Speaking of ""Walk Mary Home."" They seem adament on not fixing the glitch where it triggers twice, with the second triggering after a date with Joseph after dates with Robert/Damien, which cancels out the events of the first. There's rumors that this is because the positive outcome is considered necessary to unlock the now unplayable cult ending.- I get tired of Amanda's storyline after exactly one playthrough. That skip button gets a lot of use once I've played through it once.Overall, had a good time, but I would recommend it on sale. The games story is just too confusing for a game based ENTIRELY on its store as an interactive visual novel. There's just not currently enough in it to justify the price tag, when the cons easily outway the pros and I have more to say negatively than positively."
76561198198186919,Recommended,654880,33920457,Posted: 30 July,all,UnkinkedSlinky,"This is a fun, cheesy game that will give you the warm fuzzy feelings. There are few suprises as well. Love it, talk about it to my friends all the time."
76561198111669089,Recommended,654880,33920542,Posted: 30 July,all,bandezanne,"As far as the actual game--very good, worth my money. Story? Worth my money. Art? Worth my money. The only things I wish are: that my Dadsona was hotter (most options are silly); there weren't little continuity errors where the script mentions things you didn't do; and the interface was better. The interface is weirdly clunky without a quick exit option. But as a person who LOVES dating simulators and has a sense of humor, I love this game.I see some people complain about the price/value but ??? I have played about 8 hours and am less than half way through all the playable stories, not to mention the various interactions you get by having different variables on each play through. I will easily spend about 20 hours playing this game which is a value of less than $1 spent per hour of gameplay."
,Recommended,654880,33916934,Posted: 30 July,all,Dansus™,"Honestly, I love this game. The art is beautiful and I love the personalities of each and every character. Especially Amanda.At times I had to remind myself that, no, I am not a real dad, Amanda will be fine because we are helping her throughout the story. I tried so hard to be a good father and it made me so upset when she was upset. I was having so many emotions over my daughter. Heck, I even cried when we talked together.Each of the dads have their own charm and personality. Personally, my favorite thus far is Damien. And it makes me feel so happy that there is a transgender dad in a mlm video game. I'm tearing up about him.9/10Good dad punsGood charactersGood artNot 10/10 because of the limited amount of dates with the fave. But I love this game."
76561197994385782,Recommended,654880,33920973,Posted: 30 July,all,Katniel,"I am really enjoying this game! The writing is really fun and I'm really invested in all the dads and their children's lives and am always excited when I learn a little more about them. Definietly a fun, sweet game!"
,Recommended,654880,33920698,Posted: 30 July,all,The Frozen Cola,It's a ♥♥♥♥ing masterpeice played 8.2 hours on the first day
,Recommended,654880,33939360,Posted: 31 July,all,bexprime,"I love my gay dads! This game was everything I expected it to be - single dads dating other single dads with some fun minigames and a lot of dad jokes. I have yet to unlock all the endings but I've had fun playing so far. Each game only takes 2-3 hours at most to play, so you can finish a game in an evening. I'd love to play a daddy sequel/expansion or mommy match game if the opportunity arises."
76561198275087440,Recommended,654880,33955297,Posted: 1 August,all,Samppanja,"So, this game isn't perfect, but i still adore it. I agree almost on all the negative commentary in some way, it really isn't worth the 15 euros in it's current state. There are already plenty reviews that tell you why, but I'll just pitch in my opinion too.Firstly the game is all too short and you only get one art piece per route. I'm used to dating sims offering some kind of art during the chosen route, not just in the end. The dates would have felt much more immersing if they had included some drawings on them. Also the background art was pretty lazy. Man, was anyone else rolling their eyes when the MC described a character's house to be clean and modern or other such bullsh*t. Also re-using backgrounds constantly would have been more forgivable if they had put more effort in them.The ""voice acting"" is pretty horrid. I had to turn down my volume especially when skipping conversations bc of the awful noise of ""dude!""'s and ""WHOA""'s being mushed together. The voice actings on some characters are just plain unfitting too, the characters sound like pre-pubescent kids instead of dads.On the other hand, I completely disagree on the character creation critique, I thought it was lovely! They obviously had to differ from the art style of the other characters to have even this many options for it. But I thought the art style in it was cute too, I have made many different looking dads with it already! And I love the romanceable characters too, I didn't think they were stereotypical at all. All of them had something suprising in their story. Most importantly their problems were very human, I felt like they were lovable because of it. The art on them is really pretty, just wish there more sprites of them in different clothes and stuff.The best thing about this game is that it is really inclusive. Nice trans, lgbtq+ and poc representation. So if that's why you wanna play this game go ahead, we don't get a lot of games like this.Overall it's a cute and heartfelt game, It's nice and relaxing and doesn't make you experience homophobia etc. while playing like so many other male/male dating sims. You just get to be a loving father to your awesome daughter and chill with the other cool dad's from the neighbourhood. (Amanda is amazing, I wish there was more content of her too. Being a good dad to her fixed my own parental issues, bless)"
,Recommended,654880,33938849,Posted: 31 July,all,the pancake,"I never thought a dating simulator could bring me to tears... Until now. Dream Daddy not only has a stellar cast of characters but touching moments between the main character (you) and his daughter. I would definetly recommend this, well done!"
,Recommended,654880,34067631,Posted: 6 August,all,Erhame,This is the best dad Joke I`ve ever heard
76561198199072063,Recommended,654880,34066272,Posted: 6 August,all,ghost_wiring,"I've enjoyed this game! It's a solid dating simulator that's got a visual novel feel to it. The dads are all cute and each has his own unique story to enjoy. Considering I've got 10 hours into the game and I'm still not completely done with it, I'd say I got my $15 worth."
76561198170099309,Recommended,654880,34066426,Posted: 6 August,all,_fandom._.screams_,"I bought this game hoping it would be as good as I hoped it to be, and it surpassed my expectations! The dad jokes are top notch and the stories are better than i could have hoped to be. and whats better is I can support the game grumps through it!"
76561198113819678,Recommended,654880,34065417,Posted: 6 August,all,Liliumite,"This game features a collection cute stories for some unique daddies. The game can be a little buggy and there are some frustrating minigames, but the routes are still extremely enjoyable and satisfying. Plus, Amanda, your ingame daughter is just the most precious person ever."
76561198138149505,Recommended,654880,33679947,Posted: 20 July,all,rklover13,"EDIT: Okay now that i have finished this game............ I STILL LOVE IT. It is my first dating sim, so I don't know what is standard for them, and iI see criticism for it not being explicit like other dating sims (I feel like that could step into fetishization territory). But. I liked that it wasn't explicit. I get my opinion does not count too much because I am cis.. heteroromantic/maybeace ajskdfl, but it was really nice playing a dating sim that was more of a friendship sim. Not a lot of sexualization, no porn. I was happy.Now then. The puns are amazing. The characters are great. Joseph is a well written character and it shows that the marriage isn't healthy on both ends. I am just salty that  A. Couldn't have had a Christian that was not  gay. A normal one, but that's relatively minor. And B. I am salty that there is no poly option ;A;. I want Damien AND Craig... and Mat. And all of them omg.But I do still seriously recommend this. It's  a sweet wholesome game with plenty of diversity, steps in the right direction. It may not be a straight up explicit dating sim like those geared towards straight men. Or one of the not fun games geared towards women. But it's still an awesome play. I am totally satisfied.I am not that far into it, but I LOVE this game. This is my first dating sim. I am in love with the characters, the art style, the PUNS. DEAR GOD THE PUNS. Please play this if you like Dating Sims. It is so representative of LGBT and POC. Plus, Joseph seems to be a good sweet Christian(sen) man. Which is so nice to see.Please. Get this dad game."
,Recommended,654880,34072640,Posted: 6 August,all,Ellitt,"Was really good and really cute, but so short! If youre fine with spending 15$ on 3 hours of gameplay thats fine, just wish there would've been more content for the price. Hopefully more chapters could be added in the future? Would be very happy to see more story progression of some sort..."
76561198030940137,Recommended,654880,34071314,Posted: 6 August,all,Bleakoptimism,"I've played a fair few dating sims and this is pretty damn good.  If you are after the sexy times and varied artwork then this probably won't tick a lot of boxes, but the stories are sweet, and the dad's are fun to get to know, and I had a lot of laughs at the bad dad puns.  The fact someone made a gay dad dating sim is amazing in itself.  The minigames are ridiculously hard, but it doesn't have any real bearing on the game other than achievements.  I didn't seem to have some of the bugs others have mentioned, but I've played some pretty buggy dating sims that have a higher price and have been on the market for a lot longer than this game.  It's silly, fun and sweet and I love it to pieces, a place in my heart right next to the pidgeons I dated in the past."
76561198402942395,Recommended,654880,34072873,Posted: 6 August,all,becca01.rm,I love this game with all of my heart
,Recommended,654880,34025614,Posted: 4 August,all,aaronees,"kind of lacking in content (only 3 dates per dad, only a couple of minigames) but overall a decent game. i would reccommend it to anybody lookin to date some dads"
76561198410993820,Recommended,654880,34004166,Posted: 3 August,all,Dziesiec,"I know people are saying that only 3 dates aren't that much, but this game was really well crafted and has great art! Despite the limited dates, i'm very certain you're going to be pleased!! Hopefully, they'll add onto the story, that would be awesome!"
76561198057633655,Not Recommended,654880,33685920,Posted: 20 July,all,Tanksi,"Updating my review after the update.Sadly, still leaving it as negative...for now.  If they give me my secret ending I think it'll outweigh the rest of the issues I'm having with the game but until then...this is where I'm at.---Dad Creator....This is one of my biggest pet peeves.  The options are so limited and the art style doesn't match the dad sims. It looks rushed, and when my lower quality ""dad"" keeps popping up in dramatic scenes looking out of place af I'd just assume this feature didn't even exist.  Don't get me wrong, if the art was better/matched the dad sprites I would love this.  But it doesn't so it ends up taking away more than it gives imo.---Mini Golf HellUPDATE : I've hit 17/18 holes 6 times in the seven hours I've tried for it and even in ""failed"" runs of it I have /never/ gotten a hole in one on the last hole. ffs.I have spent 7 hours+ alone trying to %100 this for the achievement.  I have gotten a hole in one on all of them but the last one, but never all in one run.  I'm not saying it's impossible, but I am saying that it is insanely hard which is strange when all the other mini-games are pretty easy to acompolish.  I feel like it would be more fair if it was ""beat brian at mini-golf"" and/or ""beat brian at fishing"".  I haven't even gone back to the fishing one yet either.  After seven hours on this one, I don't even want to look at another mini game right now imma flip a table.---Joseph EndingsNo good ending.  I don't care what they title the two endings that are currently in the game, but there is no good ending with Joseph.   The dev's have implied that in us wanting a good ending with a married man makes us bad people basically implying that a bad marriage is better than divorse where people can go find happiness elsewhere.   The part that bugs me more is that they imply that morally we're the bad person for wanting to be with Jo even though he clearly presses for us to come hang out with him, even when you don't date him he's like ""lets..hang out"".  AND he's cheated before? Like..come on.  Give me my fantasy end where Mary can go off and find someone to treat her better and I can have my ""good"" end pretending I can change the cheating ways of my youth minister dad. T:--- Secret Ending AchievementUPDATE : Things are looking up!  The latest update shows a heavy amount of progress in the level 18 file so I'm hopeful to actually get my cult ending.There is so much speculation from datamining and so little feedback from devs regarding this.  I get that they porobably want to see how long it takes people to find it without them giving feedback.  As it stands though, there is a scene that plays twice featuring Mary as you attempt to unlock this. Same scene set up, different character set up and diolgue.  It's been semi-confirmed that you are not suppose to get this twice and they are looking into fixing it as people send in their outlogs.   That said though, I was fairly certain the game was delayed to fix end-game bugs.  Kinda very dissapointing that there seem to still be issues inspite of the delay.A simple ""it's not bugged"" or a ""we're looking into it"" or a ""The datamind info doesn't have to do with the secret ending"" would at least let people push on or stop until a fix comes up.  Not knowing the bare minimum kills it for me for even trying.  I've spent enough hours futilly trying for achievements.  If it's entirely impossible and I spend hours on it, I would be ticked.  I know there are many who are still trucking away at this even with the chance that it's glitched.  God speed.  I just want my cult ending since the other Joseph endings are lack luster.  I'd rather him be a true villian than staying in a broken marriage.--- Other Glitches | Dialogue IssuesThese are...smaller.   Just with how many times I've gone through this I've def run into some continuity issues as well as some sprite issues.-  Music load issues. :  After my first few dad successess I started save scumming to get through my other dad options.   There are many, many, instances where you load and the wrong music is playing.  Music that wasn't even in the scene I was on.  It was confusing, but the next time the game went to load new music it did correct it.  Minor, but still getting a mention.-   Hugo's VA clips :  Why...why on earth are his clips so bad quality.  It sounds like it's recorded through a cell phone.  Don't get me wrong, there are some clips with Joeseph that are of the same quality, but /all/ of Hugo's are like this.If the broken achievement and secret cult end get released  I'd be happy to change my review back to recommend.  As it stands I just...can't.  Not with how dissapointed I feel right now.  The cons just outweigh the pros atm."
76561198076859410,Recommended,654880,33939759,Posted: 31 July,all,TheVampireGirl6,Super cute super fun!
,Recommended,654880,34095213,Posted: 7 August,all,Dirty Effin Hippy,"I 100% do not regret buying this game, haha. Not my usual genre of choice but the dialogue was so hilarious, even going back to play through again to get all the romance achievements, I still found myself laughing so many times. Need to get that bad ending though, put it in the actual file already! <3 But seriously ... very enjoyable, witty dialogue, adorable father/daughter ""hip"" relationship ... absofreakinglutely recommend."
76561198120540428,Recommended,654880,34094859,Posted: 7 August,all,Spreelly,its fun
76561198097549414,Recommended,654880,34099470,Posted: 8 August,all,sunblindedone,"The minigames need work, and for the love of God, 'gay' or 'bisexual' is not a bad word - the total dearth of those terms made me feel like they went out of their way to avoid them, and that was disconcerting. But it's a really cute, enjoyable game with really solid writing and nice art. I might wait until it's slightly less expensive - $15 is a bit much - but it's still worth the time."
76561198044359418,Recommended,654880,34116675,Posted: 8 August,all,tallsocker,"Delightfully original and smartly written, I was both laughing out loud and holding back tears while playing this game. Dream Daddy has a lot of fun with the idea of a Dad Dating Sim without leaning hard on cheap Dad humour, nor indulging in thirsty Dad fantasies. I loved the narrative with Amanda, and her character in general. I really appreciated the wide Dad representation, and seeing Dads open up about their struggles. I liked the mini-games, though sometimes it was more so the idea of them than the actual gameplay.A little rough around the edges technically speaking, and I do wish that you had a little more agency as a player, but I really can't be too critical of an indie production with enormous heart. Would recommend to anyone who loves the idea of a Dad Dating Simulator without the expressed goal of sleeping with [the most] Dads."
,Recommended,654880,34122546,Posted: 9 August,all,lovelessmelody,"This was such an awesome experience! ^_^  7 dads that you can possibly woo, and even though some of the ending outcomes doesn't result in the desired expectation of almost all dating simulators, it does have a more natural and realistic feel that makes you wonder about the outcome.  I wasn't disappointed at all with the outcomes once I pondered on the them a bit more throughly.  In fact, I actually preferred the outcomes just the way they are.  I think some individuals may desire a relationship right at the end, but talk about breaking the mold of dating simulators!  Totally awesome! ^_^Dadsona and Amanda's relationship is so sweet (if you play your cards right. ^_~)  And all the puns, so bad, but so damn good!  I got a good laugh from quite a few of them. All in all great game!  I wish there was more (that's how good it was ^_^)"
,Recommended,654880,34113826,Posted: 8 August,all,AggresiveCapitalist,"Fun and cute game, needs more after the 3rd date!"
,Recommended,654880,34130632,Posted: 9 August,all,Senpai,THIS IS ONE OF THE DADDLIEST GAMES EVER- i really enjoyed the fact that you can do dad things without even being responsible and then you can jsut go around ♥♥♥♥ing your neighbors like its no big deal i always wanted to be sold to random men for money
,Recommended,654880,34137074,Posted: 9 August,all,Bear,Brian Romance = Best Video Game Romance I've ever experienced full stop.10/10; would date again.
,Recommended,654880,34310191,Posted: 17 August,all,bredberes,"Loads of terrible Dad Jokes. 10/10 would pun again.(Seriously though, it's worth it for the price, and for the LGBT+ community it has some much needed representation and I know a lot of people are so happy that they finally have a dating sim that isn't heterosexual.)"
,Recommended,654880,34318206,Posted: 17 August,all,lexi the trexi,hawt daddies
,Recommended,654880,34318787,Posted: 17 August,all,houghtonautumn,Really fun game!
76561198095136228,Recommended,654880,34318524,Posted: 17 August,all,amber.biliouris,Its a fun game.  Had me laughing quite a bit.
76561198264664849,Recommended,654880,34300619,Posted: 16 August,all,PK,"Buy it for the Dad jokes. Replay it for all the different dads you can fall in love with. Pretty solid date sim from the Grumps. Disappointed there were no hidden Ross/Batman jokes... none I have found yet, anyway."
76561198009068252,Recommended,654880,34301417,Posted: 17 August,all,Cranappleberri,"The dialogue is cute, funny, and touching. The dadness of the dads, especially main dad and Amanda is super sweet! I read somewhere someone describing the theme song as cloudlike and I agree, I love it!"
76561198327520066,Recommended,654880,34326528,Posted: 18 August,all,tomacfil,Fun and cute.
,Recommended,654880,34371103,Posted: 20 August,all,FuryElise,"Although the title might lead one to believe that this game is a joke, this game is definitely worth playing. Once the player gives the game a real chance, it will not disappoint you. In fact, I was pleasantly surprised by the emotional bond I had formed with the characters from the first playthrough. They grew on me, and the player's daughter, Amanda, has an interesting story which gives you a lot of chances to create your personality as a dad, but also to explore the lore of Dream Daddy. Later on in the game, DadBook is introduced, and as the name suggests, it is a lot like FaceBook. The idea was smart, and the game lets you save and load the game any time you want and as much as you want, there are no ""checkpoints"" or ""save stations"", which lets you come back to DadBook if you want to re-do a date or  if you want to try to date another dad.A minor complaint I have with the game is that the minigames you have to play on some dates are hard. Like genuinely hard to pass. Some are really easy and some are really hard. It's nice to vary the difficulty of a minigame, as one isn't equally good at everything, but the problem is that there is no medium difficulty, so you will either complete it in 0.1 seconds or re-do it 10 times.The story is good and consistent, the characters have good dialogue and they are likeable, which boosts positivity towards the story. Even the less likeable characters have a deeper story than they let on, which makes them interesting and adds complexity to the game.All in all, I would recommend this game to people who want to play something light, but also with a good story to it. You can spend from 1h to 100 in this game, and you can either play quickly through it to see what the fuss is about or dive deep into every character's background and read everything about them."
76561198246013958,Recommended,654880,34372099,Posted: 20 August,all,Zaffre,"I recommed this game in the sense that I enjoy playing it, but mind you its price is pretty steep for an almost unfinished gameThere are so many easily fixable things in this game, the low resoltion sprite at the ""Date End"" screen, the rare, but still noticeable spelling mistakes, and I mean if you want to some up my critisms of this game, listen to HugoGuys, you made a fun heart-warming games, but you need to fix the problems"
76561198154201045,Recommended,654880,33734866,Posted: 22 July,all,beginningbetsy,"I think this game is cute. I like that you get an immediate reaction as to whether you made the correct choice (in most cases). However, I kind of wish this game had just been done using the same engine as most dating sim games are, Ren'Py. Because other dating sims have functionality like more saves, the ability to fast forward time without holding down a button, the ability to only fast forward through dialogue you have already read, the ability to access the options menu in-game.. All of which I am missing a lot in this game. I kind of regret spending the 15 dollars on this because I am not sure if I will be playing all of the routes just because I find the lack of features particularly regarding the fast forwarding to be very tedious. Otherwise, the character design is really nice and I like the Dad Builder.edit: Actually, the flaws I wrote before are not as much of a dealbreaker as I thought. Really, each dad's dates are so unique that you really only need to fastforward through interactions from your daughter and the prologue. Even then, if you make it through the prologue without offending anyone, you can really just start from the first ""dadbook"" scene and just choose whoever since you're on equal footing with everyone, which saves you the time of having to skip through all the introductions (I think? it has worked so far..) similarly, you can start a game and have negative or no interactions with dad's and I think that will make it quick to get the bad endings if you bomb the dates. I haven't tried that yet though."
76561198370419176,Recommended,654880,34407164,Posted: 21 August,all,Fadores,"Finding a game that has a sole focus on LGBT themes can be hard, which is part of the reason this game is so great, after having playing through all of the routes I can say I absolutely recommend this game, and to keep this review as spoiler free as possible I'll cover the basic positives and negatives of the game!•Negatives: (I'll cover this first to get them out of the way)- The mini games honestly feel very bland, while each time they appear they manage to grab the point of the date you're on they don't have a lot of replay ability and get boring and repetitive after a while (this is most present in one of the Brian dates, once you get to it you'll know what I mean, the achievement for his route is a total pain).- Options feel... limited, once you get the hang of what each Dad likes it's easy to plow right through the game, which again can make it VERY boring.- Some of the voice lines for the dateable Dad's at the end of each date can be hard to hear, this can easily be fixed with an update but it can sometimes be hard to hear what some of them are saying I found this a big issue specifically with Craig.• Mixed: (Both Positive & Negative)- The game is short. There's not much else to say I've completed all dates and I was surprised by how little time I had actually spent on the game, this can be both bad and blessing being short helps with replayabiltiy, but on the other hand the game is well- short.• Positives:- For a game with heavy gay themes this game absolutely nails a lot of the characters, they for one reason or another feel very real, and you want to know more about them as your Dadsona (and you slowly fall for each Dad)- Building off the last point the dialogue in this game is excellent, aside from the few moments where some grammar is off the game manages to put together strong and believable dialogue between characters and has both it's deep and serious moments and moments that'll make you howl with laughter- While most mini games feel rather bland, the ones on Brian's route are rather creative (aside from the one that's admittedly infuriating)- The Dadsona's daughter Amanda, is a very strong character that's written excellently, she's probably one of the best highlights of the game- I must give the game props for allowing your Dadsona to be transgender and/or have been in a relationship with a man or a woman previously it gives more depth to he game and recognition for whomever is playing the game- This game will speak to you if your gay, it's amazing to see gay characters written so well when TV Shows and Movies continue to add them in as one dimensional or in the background, being able to have and play a main character whom is LGBT is simply amazing- I'd you're LGBT you'll love this game, you just will it'll just make you happy 😂- It's cute? IdkFinal Score: 7.8/10, too much Dads (Yes this is the actual final score)Hope you enjoyed my review and I hope you check the game out! It's worth it! 😁"
76561198407617489,Recommended,654880,34420407,Posted: 22 August,all,austenblake98,"Overall this game is about as good as I expected it to be. I expected to laugh and have fun and that is exactly what happened. This game's main selling point for me (aside from the Dads) is the writing. It is full of humor and charm, and it can also be very sweet. It certainly doesn't hurt that Amanda is the best daughter ever, and that the dad you create is also a lot of fun.My only real complaint is that some dads are handled better than others. What I mean by that is that some of them have more interesting dates while others are just kind of ok. I also would have liked for the game to be longer, but wanting more of a game isn't really a bad thing.8.5/10"
,Recommended,654880,34391056,Posted: 21 August,all,helhvete,"Wholesome, soft, good art and characters. The only thing I'd comment on would be how different your own character is compared to everyone else art style wise, it's a little odd, but it's just my icon so I can live with it. Diversity and acceptance is so badly needed and the game does deliver. Gives me nice feelings and is a nice reminder when real world is shaite. Tbh the only thing that's made me able to imagine myself alive at 40 so I'd say that's a breakthrough. I'd love to see more people make games so inclusive"
,Recommended,654880,34401480,Posted: 21 August,all,Jynx,"D.A.D.D.S, the game is addictive and fun to play. Good luck to achievement hunters trying to get the perfect game of golf though."
,Recommended,654880,33940407,Posted: 31 July,all,schkin9,"Great game, amazing characters, beautiful daughter, cool mini games, and an all around intersting story - there are about two achievements that are impossible to unlock thoughThere are also three ways of just straight up dying in this game - all three ways because of your own stupidityRobert is amazing and #1 guy to commit arson, concoct grand schemes of lies, and threaten kids withCraig is your bro and y'all have a bromance that involves maybe a little kissing, but in a total bro wayBrian is a great challenge partner and keeps you on your toes - the only dad that has a mini game for all his datesMat is fantastic but I think everything he says you just got to nod and smile toHugo is the perfect mixture of literature and wrestling, don't worry about it - he also called a kid a ♥♥♥♥♥ so kudosDamien is the greatest goth to live but be careful he has a hidden side that involves Joseph's wife...Jospeh is a prick but he's good for sex, just don't expect him to call afterwards - plus you literally never see one of his kids, I'm convinced that baby is just straight up deadI wish i could romance MaryGod do i wish i could romance her...If you don't have this gem in your library, I don't know what you're doing with your life"
,Recommended,654880,33941674,Posted: 31 July,all,Dictator Dyke ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"god, I love this game. it's my current fave to come home too after stressful days at work but some of the story lines stress me out, too. this game is hilarious but also smashes me right in the feels, bro. 15/11 would suggest everyone play it"
76561198091704621,Recommended,654880,33939652,Posted: 31 July,all,rodger.murry,"A game should have good stories, and this one has 8!"
76561198118823700,Recommended,654880,33976349,Posted: 2 August,all,Mochahontus,"I would highly recommend this game to anyone because I have fallen in love with all of the dad's (except for one overly competative♥♥♥♥♥♥.I will say, you get what you want out of this game. If you really want to take the time to get amazingly rated dates and ace all the mini games, it is well worth it! If you want to take the time and go through every little thing then you will be happy.If you rush through this, you will probably be disappointed."
76561198174613186,Recommended,654880,33975503,Posted: 2 August,all,chloebell1152,"Funny dialogue and interesting characters, absolutely recommend!"
76561198097846252,Recommended,654880,33979702,Posted: 2 August,all,MyVisionIsDying,"Came for the dad jokes and puns, stayed for my boy Robert and of course Amanda, because if I had a daughter it'd be her."
,Recommended,654880,33979408,Posted: 2 August,all,fingle,"it's a very cute and positive game! it gets a little repetitive though if you try to play through other dates or options, but the save function allows you to save and load from whereever you like, which i found to be extremely helpful. just make sure to nothave sex with robert when you first meet him unless you want to get his bad ending regardless of who you end up romancing"
76561198165783469,Recommended,654880,34147925,Posted: 10 August,all,KatlynRe,"I enjoyed it very much,though Boat Daddy's ending made me sad. Me and my husband both couldnt get the dream daddy opening song out of our heads for a week. I loved that they were voiced by the Grumps,esp Robert as Danny is bestest boi~My favorite Dad would have to be Craig though~ I would reccomend to a friend,and have,and they have also bought it.I give this a Dilf outta 10  (づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ"
,Recommended,654880,34151377,Posted: 10 August,all,LittleMadd,"I said that I recomend this game, and I do for certain people.I liked the art in this game and I liked the story/ conversations. But once I played through one daddy I felt like I had played them all. Yes, I tried to play a different daddy, but it felt like the same story to me, with just a different face. It became really boring to me and I found myself skipping all of the dialog the second round. I didnt want to play it agian, so I didn't and I don't think I will. But I know that my sister loves this game and she has played almost all of the daddy's in a short 2 day time period. So I know that people like my OLDER sister might I add, would very much enjoy this game."
76561198025538106,Recommended,654880,34152648,Posted: 10 August,all,MK,I enjoyed this game immensely. Great job! Thank you for making it!
,Recommended,654880,34165595,Posted: 11 August,all,H4YL33T,"This game has everything. Humor, Action, horror, romance and dads. what more could you want?With choices that effect the story and custom dad builder you have all the tools you need to start your dadventure."
,Recommended,654880,34177166,Posted: 11 August,all,♪~Jazz~♫,"I loved this game! I got all the different endings and I have to say, there are so many dynamic characters and storylines. The art style of the daddys are just divine! This game is the best! Amazing!"
76561198050460542,Recommended,654880,34208052,Posted: 13 August,all,LonerDreamer,"Dream Daddy is the equivalent of eating the warmest soup, curled up in your blanket while it softly rains outside.  If you like to play something funny, sweet, and warm, this is for you.  Every dad caters to different stereotypes, but each have added depth that makes them endearing and memorable.  This is thankfully not a jokey premise and not just dad puns (Oh Look, I'm A Dad Therefore I Shall Date Dads!), but surprisingly cute and fluffy.  Kudos to Game Grumps and team for their first game.Personal favs are Robert and Mat"
76561198126535505,Recommended,654880,34216750,Posted: 13 August,all,Floatingmanatee,"This game was really fun and entertaining to play, if as others have pointed out, a little short. The art throughout the game is lovely and makes a change to a lot of dating sim/visual novel games which I often feel suffer due to unappealing art. It also benefits from a great concept, I love that you have to manage taking care of your daughter alongside your dating life and the relationship with Amanda is well thought out. That being said some of the dad's routes aren't especially well done, I particularly didn't like how the relationship with Brian developed as it felt silly in a not fun way at times. It's also annoying that you can't get a more satisfying ending with Joseph and develop a better relationship with Mary who is a great character.The minigames can be quite frustrating and are a little basic, especially the golf one which I just found aggravating. However there are some really fun mechanics like 'build a dad', the pokemon brag battle and of course dad book, although it would be nice if 'dad book' and 'build a dad' had more influence on your dating life. I think the game could definitely benefit from an unlockable story once you've completed all routes in order to fully flesh out the characters and throw in that air of mystery visual novels love.All in all this was a fun game and worth the money for the clear thought and effort put into it which made it so enjoyable to play. It's in no way a revolution within the dating sim/visual novel genre, but it is different and offers some really sweet relationships between LGBT+ couples. I know I'm going to find it difficult to find another game which portrays romantic LGBT+ relationships in such a well thought out and non fetishised way. Dream daddy has definitely found a gap in the market which will hopefully fill with this games success.So I recommend for fun, wholesome dad dating with a side of raising a rad daughter while enjoying an uholy amount of puns."
76561198386200169,Recommended,654880,34225856,Posted: 13 August,all,DERPFIN,great game
,Recommended,654880,34225517,Posted: 13 August,all,OceanBoy,"This game is unforgettably charming with a well-paced, engaging storyline and very endearing cast.  Easy to love, with a fantastic art style, variety of minigames, and plenty of narrative paths and replayability.  Very refreshing and fun!  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,654880,34227950,Posted: 13 August,all,Wolvesfires,Good
,Recommended,654880,34214150,Posted: 13 August,all,tyv,"This game is... Something. A Visual Novel. A Dadting Simulator. A well of puns. An assortment of heartwarming stories.The title is pretty explicit: you're a Dream Daddy, who just moved into a new house, in a cul-de-sac with a bunch of other dads you may date. Seven of'em.I finished all of the routes and got almost all achievement in around seventeen hours. I didn't get one because it's simply impossible, and the other because I don't hate myself enough to try to get it.The stories are excellent, which is very good because it's very much the backbone of the game. Joseph's end was disappointing, especially since I heavily disagree with his choice, but it was still well written. I wish we could have a bit more beyond what we got, because the end is very much open, and there are still many issues to work out when we leave our Dad with his boyfriend- or not-boyfriend.Maybe DLC? wink wonk.Have a good day."
76561198061201473,Recommended,654880,34220647,Posted: 13 August,all,thepandalion,"A very sweet and touching game. The dad creator is cool too, I've heard some people say it doesn't have many options, but I felt it had enough for me personally. The story of this game is wholesome and cute, you're playing as a shy, single dad who has moved to a new town with his daughter, and mostly is just trying to make new friends (and potential dates, of course). I'm not a massive player of dating sims but I like those that have something a bit different to them, and this was interesting because it's such a unique angle for a dating sim, and I think the world needs videogames that cater to all sort of different people. I applaud this game for having trans body-type options. <3 My only bad point on this is I feel the game is quite short for the price, even though it has some replayability if you can stand fast-forwarding a lot of the non-choice bits of the game. After playing it through a few times I don't think I'd want to play it for all the endings, even with fast-forwarding, as it gets a bit samey seeing everything again and again. If you're a hardcore dating sim fan I don't know if you'd like this, but if you're just somebody who enjoys a good story and some choose your own adventure gameplay, I'd recommend this. I would maybe wait for it to be on sale though, due to the short length."
76561198150878734,Recommended,654880,34505103,Posted: 26 August,all,mad valentine,"So atm I have 15/19 achievements and +10 hSo I guess I have a picture of this gameFirst to all people:I do recommend it to everyone, I (Bisexual female) believe that it's not like some people said ""for gay only"". It's a lot of fun, the story is pretty nice, your daughter is like the best character in the world (love you panda <3) and you have a bunch of Dads waiting for you, that offer different experiences and characters. There are a lot of references, that made me smile and laugh. The story is cute and the different choices you can do make it even more interesting and for 15 € It's really worth the price, in my opinion.Second the bugs: I didnt really ecounter a lot of bugs, tbh none except the impossible secret ending, but the company is working on it so yeah, its not that big of a deal, just a missing achievement but it wont be too hard to get when its available, so nothing too hard.Third about achievements: Some People did cry about ""having to play through everything again, just to get the achievements, which is definitely not true, due to the fact that you save basically at every point and load that point all the time. I for example did 2 dates with each Dad and then saved. Then I played the 3rd date and loaded afterwards to the point where I can choose the third date, and so I got all endings really fast, without having to play through it all the time.BUT and this if especially for the ones aiming for 100% besides the one bugged ending, there are multiple hidden achievements some can be obtained really easy, but there are 2 I really FLIPPING hate, the MINI GAME ACHIEVEMENTS, first WHY why do people tend to think that mini game achievements are fun?? Especially when they are ridiculous hard?! Im looking at you mini golf game. What really suc*ks about these are the fact you cant save while doing these, you also cant skip it. You have to do it OVER and OVER and OVER again until you MAYBE get it. It's really frustrating and annoying and takes a lot of time.All in all the game itself is good but mini games, that dont even fit to the whole game mechanics just succck.8/10"
,Recommended,654880,34409942,Posted: 21 August,all,Ethereal Blossom,"One of my favorite games on here. Other than me being a new member and this being my first game, I really do enjoy this game and the story. I recommend it to anyone that enjoys visual novels (would it be considered as a visual novel??? Kind of?) or just dating simulators in general. It is fun, there are funny moments in the game that I enjoy and the dadsona and Amanda's (the dadsona's daughter) relationship is what I cherish the most. Your decisions in the game will change the story line, so, choose your choices wisely and have fun :)"
,Recommended,654880,34497376,Posted: 25 August,all,mercikillinz,this game is utterly hilarious. the minigames are really fun too. i'm strangely addicted to dad-dating
76561198294333673,Recommended,654880,34500392,Posted: 26 August,all,fernclark24,"Great game, great art but I don't think the gameplay justifies the price. You should be able to learn more about the other characters and tailor your own character a bit more, as his personality is already created for you which I found disappointing. However, still an enjoyable game. Good idea, could have been better executed. 3/5 for me."
76561198322023214,Recommended,654880,34536561,Posted: 27 August,all,SuperNerdyGamerGal,"This is an absolutely fantstic and cute game and I highly reccomend it to anyone who wants a cute little dating sim to play. I'd say the one of the few downsides is that it is a bit short but for the price I really can't complain, and some of the ""good"" endings can be a bit difficult to achieve (*cough*Robert*cough*) but with a guide it's easy to get those. The artwork is gorgeous, the characters are diverse and well written, the mini games are a cute bonus, and the story is nice too. Overall funny and sweet little game."
,Recommended,654880,34590895,Posted: 29 August,all,Naruchin ☆,"Get it for the memes, stay for Manda Panda.The Western-lite take on the dating sim genre makes DDADDS feel shallow; mini-games and puns can only get you that far when you need Google to decipher the writing, more jam-packed with obscure references than my dissertation. Not all dads are equal, and some dates have significant drops in quality. The audio is also questionable at time (why do I hear the studio's echo?).Still pretty entertaining, get it on discount when you feel like playing something light that doesn't take itself too seriously."
76561198262885031,Recommended,654880,34585098,Posted: 29 August,all,electroplazm,"A really great game, so many unique ending options and choices to make.I loved the characters and art-style, would definitely recommend!"
,Not Recommended,654880,34581570,Posted: 29 August,all,philosofreaky,"Let me start off by saying that I only played for an hour or so and was issued a refund. Let me also say that I didn't ask for a refund because I thought the game was horrible but that I knew I wasn't going to ever pick it up to play again. That first hour moved so slow for me but it had some decent giggles. There just wasn't enough happening and maybe it's because I needed to get past that first hour but it didn't reel me in. I needed more opportunities to make decisions and I felt that most of that beginning of the game was just reading and clicking - inevitably I started clicking way too fast because I was searching for more.I DO think that it's well made and it will appeal to SO many people, so it isn't that I don't recommend it, but for those like me who were on the fence about trying it out - maybe wait for a sale to be sure? Or do as I didn't, and watch some gameplay first! ;)"
76561198406323906,Recommended,654880,34579305,Posted: 29 August,all,lightfeild,"I was so excited for this game! tbh, it's a tiny bit of a dissapointment, I expected more, but what can I say, you get to sleep with hot dads. The dadsona is a bit dissapointing, it looks so awful compared to all the other characters. all that aside, I really love this game. There's so mch representation. A+"
76561198271952024,Recommended,654880,33758835,Posted: 23 July,all,Pavonated,"I really do like this game! It's charming, and I can tell a lot of hard work was put into it. However, I would wait until it goes on sale to purchase it. The art is nice, most of the characters are unique, and the amount of puns they fit into one game is impressive, but do note that replaying it gets old pretty quick and there are parts of the game that feel rushed (which is disappointing considering the delays). Some of the endings are quite difficult to achieve, and others leave you feeling cheated rather than something like bittersweet, which I imagine was the goal. DD is also rather short (and the amount of dialogue to skip when replaying is frustrating) and the chemistry/romance seems forced during some of the dialogue (some routes are definitely better written than others). Overall it’s a cute and a visually-appealing game, but not quite worth the $15."
,Recommended,654880,34788388,Posted: 6 September,all,Iblamethecanadians,"A cute little pure-hearted dating sim, when it was announced that the Game Grumps were creating a Daddy Dating Sim there were some worries that it would be handle wrong or treated as a joke. While this game is light and full of jokes, it takes the concept very seriously, and treats each character and scenario with respect. The writing is good, the music is amazing, and it is the best dating sim I've ever played -- gay OR straight.Your Dadsona can be trans or cis, gay or bi/pan, feminine or masculine. (You can also be Dan, Arin, or Son Goku, just FYI.) The character design selections are limited, and the art style of your Dadsona doesn't match the art in the rest of the game, but these are things you stop noticing because the stories just draw you in. Even the dads you think you won't like (Brian) will wind up surprising you in the end. They're all so wonderful, and the journeys they take you on are full of heartbreak, laughter, and twue love.It's not a particularly challenging game, but it's fun, and there are several minigames throughout for those who like skill challenges. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,654880,34788117,Posted: 6 September,all,thanksbobby,its funny and happy wtf let loose and play this
76561198419009977,Recommended,654880,34786292,Posted: 6 September,all,GoldnHeart6,This game is fun. Wish during the camping trip you take with Craig when you jump off the waterfall your character also appeared shirtless rather then just dialog box saying that you remove your cloths this way u can end the trip topless in the tent up against Craig.
76561198108042447,Recommended,654880,34791272,Posted: 7 September,all,BlackBatnell,"I will admit, I had my doubts with the release of the game, not knowing what to expect.I was very suprised, I stayed away from anyone I knew who had it or play it just so I could play myself.This game is awesome and adorable <3Very glad I bought and played the hell out of this game, there is alot of replay value to get diffrent endings and other achievments.I appreciate this game in all it's entirety. It is to cute and all of the charcters are relatable and fun!"
76561198196715850,Recommended,654880,34266563,Posted: 15 August,all,irl shade,"This game is well worth the price and a ton of fun!! The Amanda storyline can get a little tiresome when replaying but the charater customization, visuals and hilarious dialogue make up for it. 10/10 would recommend to fans of dating sims and top tier dad puns"
76561198138341404,Recommended,654880,34266001,Posted: 15 August,all,PridePilot,This game is gay. Some would say it's a gaym.
,Recommended,654880,34269576,Posted: 15 August,all,meow_lucipurr,"I give it a high rating, but it hasn't been playing in about a week and no one will reply to my thread about how to fix it. I wish it was working, I love this game."
76561198023140949,Recommended,654880,34842698,Posted: 9 September,all,uncle shorty,"Definitely some of the best $15 I've spent on a game. Considering my first run through got me 9hrs of game time and A) only got four achievements and B) didn't get the ending I wanted with the dad I wanted, I foresee a LOT of personal replay value! I gotta get all those dadchievements and endings, man. Dating dads and creating dadsonas aside, it's very visually beautiful and emotionally moving game. I legitimately had a hard time chosing a character path to follow at the end, because I was emotionally invested in everyone's stories and wanted to see where they all lead. And the Dadsona's relationship with his daughter is easily one of the best parent-child relationships and stories I've ever seen in a game. I got super invested in helping her through this rough patch in our lives!! Saying the wrong thing and making her mad/upset/hurt/etc cut SO DEEP. Like. You just want her to be happy.There's definitely a lot of gift giving potential here-- I'm especially excited for next Father's Day, because I have a tradition of only gifting my dad wonderfully horribly punny dad-themed games. Watchout Octodad, there's a new dad in town."
,Recommended,654880,34910541,Posted: 12 September,all,Lady Lady Buns O3o ~,Amazing games and so many hot dads! please give me DLC with more hot dads~
76561198422584506,Recommended,654880,34977045,Posted: 15 September,all,s.vicastrool,"Really good game, it's short but the graphics are so pretty S2"
,Recommended,654880,35096926,Posted: 20 September,all,callmeartistchan,"I give a 10/10 honestly, it is how a dating simulator should be. The design and it's story is very creative, the characters are lovable and every moment in this game is not a waste! I definatly recommend this game to the folks who have never experienced a dating sim. I swear that you will enjoy every second of it! No money wasted!"
76561198358619590,Recommended,654880,35212997,Posted: 25 September,all,whateven1823,"It might seem a bit expensive at first, but I would HIGHLY recommend it! The art style is amazing, and has some of the best writing I've ever experienced. It is a must play for any LGBT+ gamers!"
,Recommended,654880,35252745,Posted: 27 September,all,Bigkidjohn,"An absolutely fantastic game filled with brilliant intelligent writing, colourful cast of loveable characters and beautifully designed artwork. Dream Daddy: A Dad Sating Simulator is definitely one of the best story driven games I've ever played, it got me laughing out loud to tearing up. After my initial run of the game which took me 12 hours I now plan on diving deeper into the the world of Maple Bay to discover many of the other paths I could have taken. I highly recommend this game to all of the other single dads out there and everyone else in between! 💕💦🍆"
,Recommended,654880,35351959,Posted: 30 September,all,CriminalKarma,"Great Visual romance simulator, funny as all hell (nice touch with the eggplants btw) and overall fun game"
76561198409268413,Recommended,654880,35349644,Posted: 30 September,all,underpool21,its a awsome game with inredible outcomes
76561198253384936,Recommended,654880,35144553,Posted: 22 September,all,Da Queen,"Amazing, Stunning artwork, great storyline. I would recommend"
,Recommended,654880,35213339,Posted: 25 September,all,sarachaa,"I beamed widely when I first started this game up; I'd been giddily following the development process on Twitter, and I was so excited to finally get into what felt like an earnest, charming game.And BOY was it. It's so well written, the characters are real, fleshed out actual people you could see meeting in the real world. The mini games were challenging and hilarious (damn you, mini golf!!) and there wasn't a part of the story that dragged or felt awkward.My only complaint is I could only get 12 hours out of it, but I'm crossing my fingers for more Daddies in the future."
76561198023995545,Recommended,654880,33721756,Posted: 22 July,all,Calarand,"Is this game too expensive for the amount of content it offers? Yes.Is it still worth paying the full price? Yes, absolutely.The true value of this game is in showing how a healthy romance should look like: you will not have a succesful date unless you know how to respect and appreciate your chosen dad. This silly little cartoon game does wonders to promote relationships in which no one is pushing the other side into anything for personal gratification, and in which both sides respect each other's needs and boundaries.It is also a true gem in showing wonderful, heart-warming father-children relationships. You, as the player character, may not be the perfect dad, and Amanda may not be the perfect daughter, but the love and kindness they have for each other, and their will to work hard to understand and solve problems together, are very touching. It's worth noting, that the other dads are having parenting difficulties of their own which you can help them overcome.Overall, Dream Daddy is one of the most warm, kind, uplifting and genuinely funny games I have ever played."
76561198003545749,Recommended,654880,35264903,Posted: 28 September,all,Femme Cunt,"I got this game as a bit of a joke because that's kind of what I thought it was. How little did I know how entangled I'd become with all the amazing dads and the stories they have to offer. The best thing about this game is that it doesn't take itself very serious, but it still can be serious.The dad jokes are A+, I was laughing out loud so many times after reading them. I wish it was a bit more than just a virtual story, but that's the genre of this game so no big deal.I loved all these dads, included my own avatar (Skip Winters, he has a slick ponytail).The opening music ""Dream Daddies"" would get stuck in my head and I often found myself doing monotonous things like grocery shopping while humming ""Dreeeeaaaammm Daaaddies"" under my breath.Every dad starts off as a cliche, but as you peel back the layers, you see quite a bit of depth. A highly intellectual wrestling aficionado, the ""bad guy"" who is scared of ghosts, and the super creepy Christan minister who is a huge jerk (and possible cult leader?!).This game made me happy."
76561198081884637,Recommended,654880,35258749,Posted: 28 September,all,Makeu,moist
,Recommended,654880,35357783,Posted: 30 September,all,Bazzarro,"10/10, full of dads."
,Recommended,654880,35393403,Posted: 1 October,all,cassiesherman,The dad puns.  The dad puns are awesome.  OMG.  But picking is hard.
,Recommended,654880,35399314,Posted: 1 October,all,Wolger Piro,"This Game is wonderful in multiple ways. Art, Puns, and personality. I wish there was more games like this out there."
76561198127682101,Recommended,654880,33755856,Posted: 23 July,all,rangeerror,"its a lovely game, and during my first playthrough, i had a blast romancing damien and crying about how perfect he was, but there is a huge con in this game that i cannot get over and will, sadly, probably prevent me from getting all the achievements... Brian acts and looks exactly like my own father.look, i dont have this sort of kink. i have no desire to date my father at all.... one day, i might have to suck it up and try my best not to gag while i romance that cursed dad, but for now, im not touching that with a ten foot pole."
,Recommended,654880,35488196,Posted: 5 October,all,Underpaid-Paragon,"Adorable, occasionally poignant, and some seriously PUNishing word play.  Definitely a great way to spend the evening (and the CC's pretty awesome)"
,Recommended,654880,35507430,Posted: 5 October,all,Aaxnox,"The only dating sim I've ever played. It is so lovely, each Dad is so unique and loveable, you want to date them all! Full of Dad jokes, full of super sweet moments, but most of all: your relationship with your daughter is extremely well written. All of the charachters have personality (even those whom you might despise).Wholly recommend!"
