user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,655480,33921947,Posted: 31 July,all,Misery,"Solar Settlers is a game that is likely to be glossed over by too many bigger releases coming out, as is the nature of Steam these days.  And this is a shame:  I think this game is fantastic, with very few flaws I can think of.  Though, others may spot certain flaws in places where there arent any for me, and they could be deal-breakers... we'll get to that later.This is effectively a board game, where the ""board"" is built up and expanded during the game by exploring and revealing new sectors (cards), and playing cards from your hand (which are played on top of already revealed cards, not on blank spaces).  You have colonists, which are your pieces that you move around the board to accomplish various tasks, and assorted resources that need managing.  Due to the random nature of the board and the cards you draw, each game can be very different from the last.  All of this provides a very solid, if not particularly unique, base that the game as a whole then builds upon.Your goal in each playthrough is simple:  Settle a certain number of colonists within a limited number of turns.  You'll start each game with exactly three colonists, a homeworld (which is a unique card type that cannot appear elsewhere), and the four cards adjacent to it revealed.  The overall board's basic shape is the same every time, as is the placement of sectors that require military strength to reveal.  These are the only things that are the same from one game to the next... everything else will depend on the luck of the draw, and more importantly, your ability to react and adapt to what happens as new cards are drawn and revealed.This is a game that's about strategy, decision making, and planning, and much of this revolves around the resources that you'll use for everything.  You have oxygen, needed to keep your guys from being dead, hydrogen that you spend to move those guys around the board, metal that is spent to build stuff, and military strength, a special resource that is not spent when used but is much harder to get than the others.  And lastly, you have habitats, which are where your colonists can settle.  These resources and their functions are very easy to understand, and as there arent that many types, it makes it nice and easy to keep track of what's going on.  Which is good, because these resources are the key to absolutely everything.  The gameplay as a whole revolves entirely around using and managing these resources to get to a point of having both enough habitats and also producing enough colonists to then settle in those habitats and win the game, before you run out of turns.Naturally, you'll use the cards themselves to get things done.  One great thing about the game is that the cards are very easy to understand at a glance, yet stuffed full of depth and potential.  Most cards will have one or two abilities that can be activated to do something.  This could be something like simply gaining some resources or cards, trading one resource for another, gaining another colonist, or various other effects.  And these are easy to read, as unlike many card-based games, these cards arent covered in blobs of text.  Simple symbols are used to show what they do.  When text does come into play for cards with more complex functions, it's kept very short, concise, and easy to understand.  This is good, because you'll have a heck of alot of cards on the board, and you need to be able to have a good grasp of the situation in order to know where to send your colonists.  Card abilities are activated by having the required number of colonists on them, yet each colonist activates the ability seperately.  So if you have an ability that requires two of them standing on it, you can have each of the two activate it seperately.  Using an ability requiring less colonists however cannot be used if a higher ability is available, which means that the specific timing you use can be very important, and is one of the harder aspects of the game to get used to.   There are many different cards, and many times the difference between two cards may appear subtle at first glance, but you'll quickly learn that these differences can actually be pretty huge.   Which means that you have to carefully think over where and when to place cards from your hand, because using them at the wrong time in the wrong spots could spell your doom.Not that the game will eat your face right away though.  Aside from the excellent tutorial, the game does a great job of easing you into the gameplay via it's rank system.  As you get better and win more rounds, your rank will increase, and it will get progressively harder, requiring you to learn new strategies and go further into the depth of the game's mechanics in order to win.  If you are having too much trouble at a certain rank, it will start to lower, keeping the game's challenge at a point that keeps things interesting and tough while not being overwhelming, increasing as you gain skill and knowledge.  In addition, as you go you will unlock new races to play as, which have unique mechanics and aspects that apply to them.  Unlocking the Formids for example brings the concept of stacking into play, which is the act of putting multiple cards on the same space.  Plenty of cards will revolve around how high of a stack a given space has.  This creates a very different sort of challenge, as while you can stack cards while playing as the humans, it's not at all important.  But with the Formids, it becomes a focus.So, lots of depth and challenge going on here.  However, some things may be a bit of a turnoff.  The very limited graphics, for instance, or the near total lack of any sort of story or lore.  Or the fact that the game isnt hugely unique.  If you play board games, you've probably seen many other similar games out there.  The whole ""build the board as you go and deal with random lunacy"" type game is pretty popular, after all. So, while well executed, if you're looking for something truly new and unique, you may not find what you want here.  These things could easily be deal-breakers for some, and need to be considered before making a purchase.  The game just isnt going to work for everyone.  Not to mention that the fact that the game eases you into things slowly is sort of a double-edged sword: early playthroughs, at low ranks, can make things seem a bit too simple, and can make it look like the same basic strategy is going to work every single time.  This is a game that requires some time spent before you're going to see what it can really bring to the table, and that can be a bit of a problem.  It's something that I've had trouble with in other games myself as well.  I'm a few hours in, and while there's plenty going on, I still feel like I've only scratched the surface and have much more to learn.  Which is fine, but again, that may give the wrong impression due to the time it takes for the game to truly reveal it's depth and challenge.If the game turns out to be a good fit for you, there's alot to love here.  The increasing challenge and complexity, the RNG aspect, the unlocks, and even the short game length make for a massive amount of replayability here, and lots of enjoyment.  And the potential for more content down the line.  Not to mention the game being very, very good at easing you into things while still being capable of providing incredible difficulty and requiring alot of careful thinking and strategizing once you reach a point where it gets tough for you.  It isnt for everyone, but for me at least, it's just the sort of thing I love.  Definitely worth checking out and worth the cost of entry if it suits you."
,Recommended,655480,33725461,Posted: 22 July,all,-- scippie --,"Compared to the previous games of BGG this is in my opinion the greatest of all. Axes and Acres has always been my no.1 but I think it finally has to step aside for this one. We'll see what will get the most hours of play time. Only time will tell.The game is surprisingly simple to grasp but has enormous depth. The tutorial is short and you immediately know how to play the game. This is very different to the previous games where the tutorials were quite hard to grasp (although this has been improved in updates).BGG obviously knows how to design a good concept. In A&A I needed 60 hours of play time to start noticing small design flaws which were mostly addressed in the updates. I feel that BGG has learned a lot from their previous games and this game feels even much stronger in concept.Also something I want to mention is how enormously helpful the developer is with his games (and so with this game). I was one of the first to buy the game and I had some issues (on the Linux version). He immediately listened and tried to figure it out. He already told me some fixes are on the way. And I trust they are because he still fixes stuff in his older games even though he will probably not earn much more money from them (I guess, I really don't know how well these games sell and I certainly advice you to look at his other games). Edit: every problem has been fixed, and quite fast might I add.The pro's, muh's and con's...Pro:- Fantastic board game, simple well thought out concept, hard to master- No time limits but the game can still make you feel like it's there (BGG is great at this)- Great concept in space!!!! (very rare IMO)- Full price is correctMuh:- Graphics are far from AAA, not even B. They have improved compared to their older games but they are still quite bad. You see opacity squares around particles, rotated particles, things like that (edit: this has been fixed). But you know... you shouldn't care. I don't care because this game is not about its graphics, it is about its great gameplay. Muh.Con:- It's addictive! ;-)Support this guy... He is great at designing games and I hope he will grow towards a future with many more great games!"
76561198037222425,Recommended,655480,33745428,Posted: 23 July,all,Lord Gek,"Wow!  I think this might be Brain Good Game's coolest game yet.  The premise is simple enough, in a tightly limited amount of X turns, you'll need to retire Y number of colonists to fun little habitats.Colonists are your bread and butter in this game, as they're the only ones that can gather the resources throughout the galaxy.  The catch being it costs resources just to move and maintain them, and if you settle a colonist, they're then out of action (kind of like dying for points).Another big factor in your success is maximizing the use of your hand of cards by strategically upgrading the various worlds you've uncovered.  These cards will usually have some restriction as to where they can be placed and often a cost in resources to create.  Even cooler, if hard up for a given resource, you can simply discard a card to get 1 of the resource indicated at the bottom of the card thus forcing tough calls as whether to save a card for later or just cash it in."
,Recommended,655480,33725165,Posted: 22 July,all,FroBodine,"Solar Settlers is another hit from BrainGoodGames.  I don't know how they keep coming up with these great game ideas, and make a complete, fun, well balanced, and immersive ""boardgame on the PC"" so quickly.  This company is building up quite an impressive collection of super fun games, that are quick playing yet deep with strategy and tactics.I won't go into the details of how the game is played, there are plenty of reviews already that describe that.  I'm just here to say this one is extremely awesome.  Everything just makes sense after playing through the tutorial, which is fairly short, but explains EVERYTHING you need to know about how to play this fine game.A few of the card abilities could possibly use a bit more explanation, but even these I was able to figure out after a game or two.There are plenty of card unlocks, five races to unlock, weekly challenges and leaderboards.  Along with BrainGoodGames patented leveling system there is A LOT of game here.  I don't know what is different about the races because I haven't unlocked them yet.  But, I can't wait to find out.There is even a link to their Discord channel to offer suggestions for more cards.  I can't wait to see what interesting cards get added to the game.This game is definitely in the simple yet deep category.  Not too simple, but very deep and just a blast to play through missions.Conclusion - get it if you are a boardgame fan, puzzle game fan, or just a fan of having fun playing turn-based strategy games.Well done, BrainGoodGames.  Huzzah!"
,Recommended,655480,33720051,Posted: 22 July,all,Flying Shisno,"Another great BrainGoodGames game. It's similar Axes and Acres in that you move around Die/Settlers and build and harvest resources, but it's not  rehash, and a lot deeper than Axes and Acres, with plenty of unlockable cards, different races to unlock and play as, and daily quests.I definitely recommend Solar Settlers, it's my favorite from BrainGoodGames alongside Militia."
,Recommended,655480,33720770,Posted: 22 July,all,pinback,"An absolute gem of tactics and strategy, in a tight little package of awesomeness.Very board-game-ish -- in fact, I can't think of a reason this couldn't be directly translated into a card game, other than the XP levelling, daily quests, and unlocks -- Solar Settlers is one of those games that I instantly fall in love with.  The tutorial is about five minutes long, teaches you the few mechanics you have to know, and then sends you on your way.But those simple mechanics belie a continually unfolding (and unlocking) depth of a game that doesn't take more than 20 minutes at a time to play, but during which there are interesting, fun, and potentially complex and interlocking decisions made at every single point along the way.This is the sort of thing you'd expect, though, out of a well-designed card game, and that's exactly what this is, except on the computer, and with plenty of carrots to keep dangling in front of you in the form of unlockable cards, unlockable races, daily quests, weekly challenges, leaderboards, XP levelling, etc.Plus it's about colonizing space.  Who doesn't like colonizing space?When you settle a colonist in his new home, a tiny little trumpet fanfare plays.  Only once you are well and truly addicted to that sound, will you truly be... a Solar Settler."
76561197963664525,Recommended,655480,33732588,Posted: 22 July,all,Terkala,"Do you wish Race for the Galaxy was singleplayer? Then this is the game for you.It doesn't promise great visuals, but the gameplay is top notch."
,Recommended,655480,33846421,Posted: 27 July,all,Xemu,Enjoyable board-game like puzzle / strategy game.  Similar in many ways to one of the developer's previous games (which is excellent) - Axes & Acres.  Well worth checking out.
,Recommended,655480,34222084,Posted: 13 August,all,Xaelvik,"Excellent soundtrack. Runs smoothly. Admittedly, I was a bit skeptical at first, but the self-proclaimed ""FTL-like events"" drew me in, and I wasn't disappointed. You can play in short bursts as each round only takes a few minutes. The game becomes increasingly more difficult as you progress as opposed to throwing you into the figurative deep end immediately, and that facet of the gameplay combined with goals and rewards for completing certain objectives makes this a worthwhile experience if you like this genre."
76561197968356576,Recommended,655480,34015705,Posted: 4 August,all,Alan Prolapse,"This is an excellent card and resource management game, really quite outstanding design.You have little workers that you send out to either gather resources or discover new worlds which allow you to reach the end goal of the game, to colonise X number of planets/space stations etc and have a successful civilisation. This allows you to buy cards which you can then play into the world to create new resource generators/workers/home worlds etc.The graphics are nicely minimal and iconography very clear with the tutorial covering everything.If you like card or strategy games I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it."
76561198010198617,Recommended,655480,33810786,Posted: 26 July,all,Hippiecab,This game is one of the best designed games I have played. The developer has put a lot of focus on the game design. The game rules are simple but the problems and decisions that emerge makes the game varied and interesting to play over and over. This game is like soltaire on crack. This is the first game I have come across from this developer and I want to look into their other games.
76561197997553202,Recommended,655480,34417849,Posted: 22 August,all,wilky,"Highly satisfying card/strategy game. Solar Settlers is a euro-style resource management game where you have a limited number of rounds to explore/settle a colony. Games are fairly brief (10-20 min). Difficulty scales nicely as you progress (by imposing tighter constraints, the game pushes you to become more efficient with your actions). This game revolves around choosing how to allocate your settlers each round, and as the rounds progress, you are faced with more decisions to make & with more interesting/viable options to consider. The beauty, however, is that Solar Settlers never seems to get bogged down by ""analysis paralysis."" Highly recommended for fans of 'Race for the Galaxy' who are looking for another space exploration-themed game to complement their collections."
76561198030940597,Recommended,655480,33955932,Posted: 1 August,all,alexei.andreev,"Wow, this game is realy good. Bought it and played for 10 hours straight. The difficulty curve ramps up very nicely, where it's somewhat easy in the beginning, but as you are getting better at strategy and understanding how each race works, it becomes harder and harder.The unlockable races and experience bar is made in a pretty addictive way, where you keep wanting to play a few more games to get that unlock."
,Recommended,655480,34168729,Posted: 11 August,all,Ben,"A clever little solitaire card game that plays like a tabletop game. The rules are easy to learn, but generate a lot of interesting choices. The UI is solid, and the visuals are simple but clean and easy to read. Matches play quickly, and the game is suprisingly addictive. Big thumbs up!"
76561198045401832,Recommended,655480,33907786,Posted: 30 July,all,SoloPlayah,"Ha-HA! BrainGoodGames did it AGAIN! This is yet another thinking person's game. It uses a lot of your brain's processing power in 15 minute bursts, but the game is so addicting that you will be saying ""okay, just one one game"".This is a resource management game. Like all BrainGoodGames, the graphics are virtually non-existent but the gameplay and game design are so good that it doesn't matter. Music is relaxing.As seen in all of their other games, the difficulty scales up, so the better you are, the harder the computer becomes. Lots of stuff to unlock and many other reasons to play. Great work!"
76561197995251804,Recommended,655480,33732491,Posted: 22 July,all,Allan,"Very cool single player strategy game. Mostly a worker placement game.The screenshots and trailer gave me little idea how the game worked, but it looked neat, and I have enjoyed some of this developers other games.Basic overview of the game: you get workers and use them get resources and more workers. You use the resources to build cool things and feed your workers, then you build homes to retire the workers into. The goal is to retire a specified number of worker in a certain number of turns.Similar to the developers other games, this game get more difficult if you win a map or easier if you lose, keeping it challenging."
76561198067456246,Recommended,655480,33797233,Posted: 25 July,all,jkd,"Simple enough so you can expect to easily gather every resource on your first turn.Challenging as you think about how to get enough cards to expand your military strength (so that your exploration range doesn't get bottlenecked) versus breeding as many colonists as possible.  And of course you don't want to forget to continue gathering oxygen (for life support) and hydrogen (for movement) or else you'll have to freeze everything and comeback from a crisis.  There's plenty of things to think about such as choosing which objective/reward you wish to attempt each round, and deciding which cards to use up when you approach the max hand size of 7.Difficulty curve and replayability:  At beginner ranks you're given a very generous amount of rounds to complete a game.  I'm still having fun at these ranks because I try to complete the game in 4-6 rounds instead of the 12 rounds you start at with rank 1.  As you go up in rank you have less rounds per game, and the number of colonists you need to settle very slowly goes up for a small increase in complexity.  There's also a practice feature for when you don't want games to affect your rank.Completely separate from rank is xp.  As you play more games you level up with xp which unlocks new cards for your games.  There's also unlockable races, but I've only used the default humans so far.It's nice to see players posting videos of how they got really high scores for the current weekly challenge.For presentation, once actually playing I had no problems with it, but I like everything  :)If you're willing to try a card game that is kind of like a puzzle, then I recommend this."
76561198018644139,Recommended,655480,34004382,Posted: 3 August,all,MumsBubby,"Really cool board game; among the best I've played physical or virtual. Distinctive, fun, elegant, replayable. Well worth $10"
,Recommended,655480,33711197,Posted: 21 July,all,Narkulus,"An original worker placement digital card game. Discover worlds, upgrade worlds, move colonists around to gain resources and colonize planets. Win games to unlock new races.Pros:Lots of strategic choices each turnMany different paths to a win (or a loss if you suck)Win games to unlock stuffDecent tutorialVolume slider on game board (I don't think I've ever seen such)Priced nicelyPotato friendlyIf you like worker placement board games, there's no reason for you to pass on this one."
,Recommended,655480,33748148,Posted: 23 July,all,Kit,"A sort of highly advanced solitaire game.  You have three people and as you move squares (using energy) you reveal new locations.  The locations allow you to produce resources (different production depending on whether one or two people are standing on the space).  Each person uses an oxygen and so on your first turn you need to ensure you have found an oxygen generating planet and an energy generating planet.Additionally you have cards in your hand (max 7) which are planets you can build on existing locations, or scrapping the card for a resource.  Squares near the edges need a particular amount of military power to explore (from cards that have military power on them).When you play humans enough times you unlock the next of 3 other races which have somewhat different dynamics.  Also playing games gives you XP which allows you to unlock additional cards.Overall a fun game.  I was worried from the description of rank system that I would hit a wall after a few games, but humans are pretty easy to play and I've racked up a good number of hours already.  Each rank reduces the turns you have to win, and increases the number of settled people needed to win.  Looking at the other reviews I can see a reasonable number of hours played despite it being a new game.My two small grumbles are:- Card graphics could be better.  Its good that they are clear and simple, but perhaps they could have a touch of card texture and rounded edges to look a bit more like real cards.  Or perhaps build this into the options for us to have a choice of looks?- As you play you progress in two ways - unlocked cards and unlocked new races.  This is good and gives a lot of hours gameplay - however I would have liked a third progress area which is the ability to spend XP on upgrading the cards to higher levels (give slightly more resource from upgrades, or cost slightly less etc.).  I like the feeling of 'working for rewards' and having a choice of spending my XP on card upgrades / new cards / race unlocks would make me feel my time spend on earning XP was more valuable - plus make the game last much longer.Overall very happy with my purchase - great blend of relaxing strategy with enough random chance that I won't beat myself up when I lose (although I haven't yet lost a game so far)."
76561198015196676,Recommended,655480,33850684,Posted: 28 July,all,ssh4life,"Pros:Compact, elegant strategy game that is easy to learn.Matches are fast, easily playable within a work break.Singleplayer ladder system keeps the difficulty curve pretty comfortable.The rules fit remarkably well with the theming.Cons:Rarely, randomness of the card draw can make a match spike in difficulty."
,Recommended,655480,33863871,Posted: 28 July,all,Soribus,"Like all BrainGoodGames another great, strategic, thematic puzzlegame i can sink hours into and never gets stale."
76561198092479658,Recommended,655480,35099478,Posted: 21 September,all,charles_d_berger,"A nice little card-driven strategic resource management game. A smooth, minimalist aesthetic, and thoughtful design and balancing makes it a pleasure to play.It's not quite as hard or engrossing as other puzzle / resource management games. If you've mastered SpaceChem or can score 17000 on Renowned Explorers or beat the ""triple challenges"" in Desktop Dungeons, this might be too simple for you. After 3 games as human to get the knack of it, I did a ""placement challenge"" game as the second race in the game and instantly got up to rank 20 (the highest ranking). So I suspect there won't be much challenge in it after I unlock all the races and play them each 2-3 times.It looks like each race has a different playstyle, but not all that different. There is definitely a pattern for success, and once you get the feel for it I think it might become a bit repetitive.Still, for $10, it's a good buy and will provide a solid 10-20 hours of peaceful, space-exploration themed resource management fun. Not regretting the purchase!"
76561198007513026,Recommended,655480,33790658,Posted: 25 July,all,malcolmmackay224,"Now that I've got a few hours of gameplay on Solar Settlers I feel I can confidently say that Solar Settlers is one of the best, if not the best, game from BrainGoodGames. That is high praise, I highly recommend all the games from BrainGoodGames - I've got extensive playtime and have greatly enjoyed all of them. I don't buy many games on release day but I make a point of it for any BrainGoodGames title.Solar Settlers is a quick to learn but a long time to master type of game. The tutorial, which has been a bit of a weak point (since corrected in patches) of some previous BrainGoodGames, serves as a good introduction. The complexity builds nicely, with new cards and later new races (each with its own ranking system) to give you tons of play value.Highly recommend."
76561197975999781,Recommended,655480,35484429,Posted: 4 October,all,cadfan17,"This is essentially a very good solitaire board/card game.Not sure what else to say beyond that.  If you're interested in high quality board games, and you'd like something to play solitaire on a PC, this is a great call.  Recommended."
76561198014390061,Recommended,655480,33822797,Posted: 26 July,all,usrlocal,Surprisingly deep gameplay and heavily addictive!
76561198030433556,Recommended,655480,33773671,Posted: 24 July,all,Louner,A strategy game that hides it's complexity under minimalistic design. Satisfying difficulty curve. Tons of replayability. Right down my alley.
76561198016198836,Recommended,655480,34207185,Posted: 12 August,all,currierm,The first BrainGoodGames game I've played.  Clever and engaging.  Good game play and balance.
76561198035303509,Recommended,655480,34535874,Posted: 27 August,all,rod-,"Pros:  Lovely engine-generation board game feel, but with all the perks of computer assistance.  Several races with different feels and pretty strong balance.Cons:  There are (currently) a rather limited number of cards and a lot of the games [within any given race] feel same-y as a result.   Additionally, the difficulty doesn't scale very well if you're good at engine-building.  Even with the 'set yourself to rank 20' option, i know i am easily capable for rank 30, which i won't reach for 40+ plays, which is a bit of a downer.I know the cons are longer than the pros, but this game is in an underrepresented genre that i personally can't get enough of, so I recommend it pretty highly."
,Recommended,655480,33728858,Posted: 22 July,all,BACK IN DA GAME,"Absolutely love it. The tutorial is brilliant, very simple and straightforward without downplaying the heavy strategy involved. Crazy!!!"
76561197970755243,Recommended,655480,34029383,Posted: 4 August,all,Mr W,Very nice tight puzzle/strategy game.  This one needs more notice.  The simple looks hide a solid design.
76561197986711975,Recommended,655480,33719349,Posted: 22 July,all,kjaekley,"Love it!  No time to write more, I need to get back to playing."
,Recommended,655480,33707618,Posted: 21 July,all,babyjeans,"Played a game of Solar Settlers at lunch after playing through the Tutorial, and I must say it's another quite enjoyable game from BrainGood Games. While I see that I've only scratched the surface, the resource management and card mechanics seem very well balanced, with tons of unlockables to work for and keep it fresh."
,Recommended,655480,34839440,Posted: 9 September,all,fuldry,Enjoyable card game. Interesting mechanics. Perfect to spend some free time.
76561198070312494,Recommended,655480,34870570,Posted: 10 September,all,MisterCrispysalad,good game
,Recommended,655480,34495980,Posted: 25 August,all,Zauren,"If you like Age of Rivals, play this. It's a lot different, and more tailored for a solo experience. And also not 2 bucks on your phone.The game scales in difficulty the more you win, so eventually it's going to get hard. In my case that 'eventually' is taking a long time, because the placement thought I sucked but I've not gotten anywhere near losing after 15 wins in a row...I wish drawing cards was more interesting. Perhaps down the line when specific effects are more vital. Juggle resources and crew to expand enough to settle enough people before the final round.I wish there was something to fight against except my own efficiency, though."
,Recommended,655480,34328823,Posted: 18 August,all,HappyFeeto,"My favorite Brain Good Game to date, and one of the first that could actually be a board game (I think).If you haven’t played a Brain Good Game before, all of them are good. If you don’t know which one to start with, Solar Settlers is a good game to start on as the rules are very simple (though the game is also very deep!).The obvious comparison is with Axes and Acres. Both games involve building your “economic engine” (to use the board game term) and then accomplishing some goals before a time limit. I prefer Solar Settlers because it doesn’t have the barbarians, making the game feel nicer and more relaxed. Sadly, Solar Settlers also doesn’t have the soothing guitar music from A&A, but nothing is perfect.There are other differences, of course. The goal in Solar Settlers is always the same (colonize a bunch) while they are randomized in Axes and Acres. However, in practice they feel similar as you almost always need an economic engine in Axes and Acres anyway, and the different ways to build habitats in Solar Settlers (which typically requires random cards) give the game a similar random goal feeling."
