user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198157334630,Recommended,655770,33557388,Posted: 15 July,all,grif,"Ok so before i start with why i recommend this game let me first say why you would stay away from it.Starting with the obvious one, this game is a visual novel, meaning that the only gameplay you'll get out of it is choosing the course of action of the protagonist so if you are not into reading or this kind of gameplay you'll probably won't be able enjoy it.Secondly this game tackles some mature themes, so if things like that make you uncomfortable you should probably pass on it.Thirdly the game lacks in anime/moe tropes and while i don't think that's necessary a bad thing i know that people might come to this game expecting these things, so consider yourselves warned.Lastly the game is short, at least in terms of a single playthrough.Ok so with that out of the way let me tell you why i do recomend this game""Crimson Grey"" is really well written. Everything in the story is tackled in a surprisingly mature way for this type of game, it also manages to not be predictable without having to resort to pulling insane plot twists out of nowhere.The characters feel well fleshed out, they develop differently depending on your choices as the story progresses and any interaction between the characters has been done brilliantly.Lastly, the game has good replayability value"
76561198376151761,Recommended,655770,33588531,Posted: 16 July,all,Dalekenium,"This game is an absolute must play for all of you yandere fans out there.The best selling point of Lizzie, our main girl, is that for her, being a yandere is much less of a psychological illness (like it usually is with this trope) and more of an unshakable philosophical view on life. No magical hug or a talk with a shrink would be able to cure her and make her 'normal'; as such, rather than changing herself completely, she constantly struggles to get our protagonist to accept her for what she really is.Speaking of the protagonist, John, he also is perfect for this kind of story. It is exactly his crippling depression, that allows him to remain calm in face of constant danger - as he simply could not be bothered to care, whether he lives through another interaction with Lizzie. Very easy for all of us, edgelords, to relate to :DThe soundtrack, while not being too diverse, fits each scene very well, with several memorable peaceful melodies, as well as some intense atmospheric tunes.The fact that CGs are only present for the extremely important events and all endings is complemented by the well-drawn sprites with a variety of facial expressions. Grey backgrounds also reflect the mood of the protagonist very nicely.I've played a ton of yandere VNs and watched a lot of anime with the trope, and still, this game managed to exceed all of my expectations. Here's to hoping for more of Sierra Lee's 'side projects' in the future!"
76561198013104031,Recommended,655770,33555306,Posted: 15 July,all,気持ち悪い,"This is a pretty good little yandere tale. The heroine is utterly batshit, but she's not completely hopeless and the feelings of sweetness and danger from her are well-balanced. Your choices can set her craziness in radically different directions, and finding a good end feels like carefully threading a needle, even though it isn't really that hard."
,Recommended,655770,33550790,Posted: 14 July,all,Seneschul,"Walked in knowing it was a short game, meant to be replayed multiple times. I've gotten a game over, and a happy ending so far.The flow of the story meshes well. The art work is excellent and cohesive. There's no stuttering emotional frames and pics, it feels well laid out.The music is never the center, and supports the story and your choices poretty wel, I think.I'm looking forward to more playthroughs hunting the alternate endings.It's a great visual novel!P.S. Other pluses: it does not punish you for exploring the story. Save, go back a frame or two, save, choose something else. Very pleasent."
,Recommended,655770,33979794,Posted: 2 August,all,Jatopian,"A cute little story of twisted love that works (at least if you make the right choices). It's surprising to me that someone managed to write a yandere that a halfway sane person in the right circumstances might actually accept.I've noticed that just about any story that contains a yandere has the yandere basically driving the entire plot until she's dead. This story has some subversion of this, which I found satisfying.Also, for a story in which the female lead has a fantastical mental illness, the male lead's depression is very realistic.I would not have picked this out on my own, especially since it's apparently one of those games with adult content you can patch in, so I'm very grateful to the friend who bought it for me. (You know who you are. <3) I still felt like I had a worthwhile experience without the adult content; seems like a case where it's not integral to the appeal."
76561198130267687,Recommended,655770,33600254,Posted: 16 July,all,Starlord,"Crimson Gray is by far the best purchase i've made when it comes to steam, and that's saying a lot. Crimson Gray is everything that I hope for in a visual novel, and the creator of the game has made a truly special experience.I would suggest this game to you if you like a game that gives you a strong sense of control over the story. You are the one making the choices, and the choices do have actual effects on the story. Sometimes seemingly small choices greatly effect the story, and sometimes seemingly major choices have little effect. In this way the story is also great for those who like a good thriller. You genuinely don't know what'll happen next.When it comes down the mechanics of the novel I would call it about average. It's what you'd expect from a good visual novel. You don't have to worry about mechanics impeding your enjoyment of the novel.Overall, i frankly cannot express how great a game this is. I would definitely call this game a must play, espescially if you are into (for a lack of better terms) yandere. Frankly i'd love to see more like it."
,Recommended,655770,33601394,Posted: 16 July,all,Argo the Rat,"This has been one of my favorite Visual Novel style games I have played in a long time. Given the subject matter involved, it was also the first time ever that one of the ""dating games"" as it were, really had me thinking about the overarching consequences of my actions or inactions at points in the game. I was truly interested in both characters for once in this kind of game, finding out what motivated Lizzie to do the crazy things that she does, while enjoying John's different dark take on the world. It is so refreshing not to play as some stereotypical handsome/somehow gets all the ladies guy like in many other games of this genre. And I was genuinely interested in learning about Lizzie as a character rather than just some copy/paste girl with an identifiable attractive trope which you might see in other games, romancing for the sake of it.I also find the dynamic between the characters refreshingly unique due to the sheer difference in contrast of yandere obsession combined with his inwardly negative/lacking any self-worth perspective of the world. Seeing the two of them grow/change over the story and discover the different endings was a treat as well as it helped me really connect more with both characters.In conclusion, I think this is a remarkable story and would highly recommend you giving this a try for yourself!(As a quick disclaimer for transparency sake, I happen to have already played the game on the creator’s Patreon, which is why my play time isn't that long. However just because I am her patreon doesn't mean I am getting paid for a good review or anything-these are my own genuine thoughts ^_^)"
,Recommended,655770,33861075,Posted: 28 July,all,Bud,"In my profile, I have written a list of the various amount of VNs I have played.  The thing is, this beats almost all of them to a much smaller level and I will gladly play this honest VN again and again to at least see all of the endings.Even knowing I installed the patch, my first playthrough went through without even the slightest sight of nudity and to be honest, I really didn't need or even want it in the story.  It just that good....it is nice to have a nude patch, but when a game truly doens't need it to be good - that alone is worth $10...probably more.  To finish though, this game took me more than an hour to beat and I never was bored with it.  This is truly a good purchase."
76561198403986187,Recommended,655770,33918827,Posted: 30 July,all,Ruhkillmeez,"I was surprised with how many options/choices the game allows you to commit to. I'm not used to playing visual novels that offer you a good amount of choices to pick. Some of the outcomes that result from whatever choices I made actually managed to surprise me, and impressingly so. It's a short game, but, even though it is a short game, there's still a good amount of content packed in the game. I'm interested in unlocking all the alternate endings the game has to offer.I like how Lizzie is literally a yandere, rather than your typical wanna-be and ""cringy"" yandere. With the sensing aura this game contains, you play as an ill character, and you deal with an ill character who is attracted to you. You got a literal psychotic girl who is attracted to you, and your character is very self conscious. Oh, and literally your character sees the world as gray, except for the characters that he interacts with. How more mentally depressing could the game be?As depressing, and eerie even, the game might be, I still found myself fascinated by its visual style. Usually the game's atmosphere is visually grey almost completely, the music can be eerie when things are getting creepy, and usually the character you play as is hopeless right from the beginning of the game, due to his depression. But that's what I really like about the game, that you can choose the way your character acts and thinks, and because of that, you can tone down Lizzie's psychotic acts. You can help Lizzie contain her mental illness, while she in return can tone down your crippling depression.If looking for a not-so typical and cliche visual novel to play, you ought to try ""Crimson Gray"". Choices in the game do matter, you actually feel more in control compared to other visual novels, or hell, games remotely based on pure decision-making. I felt more in control with this game than I did with a game by Telltale Games. Though games like those are episodic, rather than a whole game like ""Crimson Gray"". As it's been stated, ""Crimson Gray"" contains mature themes, the game managed to actually make me feel uncomfortable. But even so, I appreciate how this is another game that tackles mental illnesses/psychological issues. This is one of the best visual novel games I've played. Made me care about deciding what choices to go with."
76561198011808672,Recommended,655770,34325902,Posted: 18 August,all,XIII - The Death,"If you love Yandere girls, then this is the game for you.They ""get"" it, the important parts of the crazy that make it romantic, and deliver it in a sensible way true to the type.You can find the patch that adds the good stuff, too, and it's a seamless addition. *wink*I would assume you are here because you have a penchant for this type of girl - but if you don't, maybe you'll see the appeal if you give this less focused trope a try. :)"
76561198055442745,Recommended,655770,33956375,Posted: 1 August,all,doublemint2000,"A nice, trim visual novel. While it explores the yandere (crazy mood swinging girlfriend) genre, it's more of a slightly twisted romance story than a send-up of manga/anime tropes. It's a tale of Depressed Boy meets Crazy Girl. ""Winning"" is a matter learning how these two crazy kids can 'click' together.The game isn't overly long, which I liked because it fit the two characters we're exploring. They're not social people. They don't have a lot of interpersonal connections, and the fact that they can forge such a link with one another leads to a lot of self-exploration and self-discovery. Them getting into each other is a big deal (for them). Having a lot of friends wouldn't have fit their behavior or the presentation of their mental issues."
76561198022395444,Recommended,655770,34872305,Posted: 10 September,all,Wolfenstahl,"I read a lot of (good) visual novels in the past, and this one is truly one of the best here on Steam.This VN (visual novel) really brought out all the emotions in me.I cried tears of sadness, tears of hope, and even tears of happiness.There were even a couple occassions where I had to laugh in joy.That's quite rare for me, so I think that's a huge plus for this VN.Personal emotions aside, what are we looking at here?Choices:Crimson Gray has a lot of meaningful choices.This is how VN should be!There's multiple endings and even game overs if you make the wrong choices.The decisions you can make are reasonable.I always found at least one option I found sensible and in line with my thoughts.Music:It really matched the situations and helped bring out the emotions even more.Very good job there!Artworks:This is not a moe-style VN, and I think that's a good thing.The artworks are good and really matching with the mature theme, setting and storyline.Also, Lizzie is really cute and pretty!Writing:To say it in a word: Brilliant!To say it in more words:Even if this is just a fictional story, the characters and their mental states are really well presented.The characters really come to life and are believable and loveable.Even though Lizzie is a yandere-type heroine, she seems to have a reasonable and loveable side underneath all this crazyness and obsession, and this really makes her even greater.John's self doubts and depression is also very well depicted and really shows how much effort Sierra Lee put into these characters.It's so well written that I'd love to read more and possibly get the other endings too.(I managed to get the Happy Ending so far)But I don't want to hurt Lizzie by picking choices that might hurt her.I just love her too much and I really feel bad picking ""bad"" choices, because it really makes one feel bad.That's how well written this is.TL;DR:If you want to read a good VN with an adorable, fleshed out, yandere-type heroine, you should absolutely give this a shot.If you're a fan of yandere characters in general, you should give it a read at all costs!"
,Recommended,655770,33625556,Posted: 18 July,all,Blitzkrieg,"Where do I begin, first and foremost, hat's off to Sierra Lee for creating another masterpiece and finally I cannot gather enough words to praise this masterpiece. Since, I can sincerely empathize with John, the way the story was told was liken to how I manage to square off against depression. It wasn't pretty, it wasn't honorable at the least but more than that it was real. Such story-telling deserves respect, enough with my praises, onto the main subject.The story itself is short and sweet, however, written cleverly, that those few hours could expand themselves. The story itself early on focuses on the John, however, over time the world shapes itself which was potrayed subtly, thus developing not only the characters themselves but the world itself, making each choice, having a variety level of importance.  Overall the theme of the story deals with how saving another might actually the path to saving oneself.For those who like to enjoy the ride while slowly taking in the surrounding, this is something I highly recommend, especially those who have played ""The Last Sovereign"""
,Recommended,655770,34163143,Posted: 11 August,all,Ninjaclown,"First Visual Novel and first review, Crimson Gray is one hell of an introduction to this genre for me. The game depicts, as realistically as possible, the relationship between a severely depressed protagonist and the sudden affection of a not-entirely-stable girl. Like the description says, your decisions will impact statistics behind the scenes whether you know the consequences or not, and those choices will make all the difference whether any given story path ends for better or very, very worse; and there are many story paths.The main focus of the game, crazy girl Lizzie, is refreshing in that, while definitely ax-crazy, there are reasons for being that way, as well as seeing very real glimpses of her humanity that tries to come to the surface, but only if the main character (you) will help her. She in turn will drag you out of your depression, one way or another.Personally, I was impressed that were was a true ending, while the hardest to get, makes the emotional payoff so very worth it, and before long you'll be wanting a sequel to see how their so-crazy-it-works relationship develops into their later years, because I certainly am."
,Recommended,655770,33641488,Posted: 18 July,all,kevlarkevin18,"In a world...where mental health provides a backstory for every villain since the Joker...we actually have a realisitc insight into how tragic and unfair mental illness really is. Lizzie, the 'crazy girl at school', wastes no time coming off as a psychopath, but she's not a villain. At least...not if you make the right choices. For once, you have the opportunity and the CHOICE  to do what most people wouldn't, and that's try to help someone who's not 'right' in the head. You're not fighting her like some sort of bad movie antagonist, you're fighting her illness. And the closer you get to who she really is, the more conflicted you feel as you yourself are torn between terror and heartbreak as you uncover her story. You play a kindred spirit, and if you pay attention, you may just survive knowing her. Honestly, this is a very sweet game to play, and the attempt to portray mental illness as the antagonist is a very bold idea. I happily thank the creaters for this memorable experience."
,Recommended,655770,33674385,Posted: 20 July,all,BeholderVee,"A yandere VN with actual happy endings.I, as a fan of yanderes, feel obliged to recommend this novel."
76561198249697360,Recommended,655770,33600928,Posted: 16 July,all,Black Hat Detective,10/10Was expecting a dumb cliche story with a Yandere. Felt like I made meaningful choices through the playthrough. It is rather blunt with some social settings but it makes the game so much more realistic.
76561198044000594,Recommended,655770,35012077,Posted: 16 September,all,ndsferrari,"Really nice story about a man (John) that suffers from severe depression and feels no hope and joy in life anymore. Sierra (the author) does an amazing job with her writing to get the player to feel this. John's only glimmer of hope to get some hapiness back in his life is the Yandere girl that suffers from psychological problems (Lizzie), but has sincere feelings towards John. Even with all her craziness she is a very loveable character and person and John himself feels this way; that's why him, who couldn't care for anything in his life anymore, starts caring about Lizzie and geniunely wants to help her.An amazing visual novel with characters that feel alive and ceirtainly one of the best I have ever played."
76561198024270754,Recommended,655770,33630527,Posted: 18 July,all,Ubertoaster,"I rarely pay any attention to novels on steam but I did give this one a shot.My only complaint is that it is a fairly short novel but overall the story and the endings turned out to be really good, i'm a fairly fast reader so that also explains my low playtime and i have yet to complete all routes.The choices really had a impact on the story and the results could lead to a bad/good ending.I would recommend this novel for those that enjoy the whole ""yandere"" experience and for those that simply want to read a good novel."
,Recommended,655770,34077043,Posted: 7 August,all,SaltyDude,"A short, but nice romance story between two problem childs. We have John, the protagonist, who suffers from crippling depression and views the world only in the color grey. His life completely turned around when one day, he meets this strange individual. Next we have the main heroine, Lizzie, who is what is referred to as a yandere. A crazy, psychopathic murderer who will kill anyone in the way for her loved one (Including the one they love). However, without going into too much spoilers, there is more to her personality than it initially appears.Throughout the novel, there are many multiple choices that you can make. And to my surprise, many of the choices actually do have and affect on the outcome of the story. As the summary of the game says, some choices can lead you to happiness. Others can lead to your demise. Some choices can affect other minor characters as well.About the premise of the story and the main character. I found it to be quite realistic. Many people in today's society suffer from depression, so it can be quite relatable in that sense. But it's also not odd for someone to come across that one crazy girl in school that appears to be extremely fascinated with you.As for Lizzie. I found her to be a very well written and great character all around. She was straight up a yandere, there was no doubt about it. She was ready to murder anything in the way, if she felt it was necessary to protect the protagonist. However, what I loved was that as you continue to read, throughout her insanity, there was still plenty of humanity in her cold, dead eyes.Would I recommend this visual novel? Yes, I would. If you're a fan of visual novels and looking for something less cliche, this is the one for you. The story and characters are both very well written. Keep in mind that this does contain possibly a touchy subject for some, as well as mature content. There are a fair amount of branching paths, many of your choices (even the tiniest ones) change how the game plays out.Oh, there's also aFREE18+ patch provided by the developer themselves. So if you're into that kind of thing and don't feeling like paying for a patch, this is definitely for you!"
76561198152961302,Recommended,655770,34362098,Posted: 19 August,all,BrimiM,"Certainly the best-written Visual Novel I've played. Each individual playthrough is fairly short, but there are a lot different ways the story can play out dependin on your choices. Strong characterisation drives the story of the unlikely romance between the main couple."
,Recommended,655770,35014630,Posted: 16 September,all,Sawrock,"Great, now I need to decide between another waifu for best waifu."
,Recommended,655770,33598495,Posted: 16 July,all,e5surf,An amazing visual novel unlike any I have ever played many others have a cliche story line to the point of I can predict what is going to happen next with this I truly felt involved in the story and the characters. At the moment I have only earned the happy ending and I definitely plan on going back and trying to earn the other possible endings. This game can be dark mature and real all at the same time if you can not handle dark and mature topics stay away but otherwise I highly recommend This game.
76561198161643635,Recommended,655770,33662419,Posted: 19 July,all,anya.stormrage,"I really enjoy another game by Sierra Lee (The Last Sovereign is so freaking awesome!!!!) so I thought I'd give this one a try.Honestly, I'm not much for Choose Your Own Adventure books in game form, so format-wise, it was a little boring, but the art was good, and writing was clever & entertaining. The last game of this type I played I lasted about 5 minutes, and I managed to finsih a playthrough here, and am considering another (with a different path, obviously)"
76561198088054584,Recommended,655770,35127352,Posted: 22 September,all,SirKenny ケニー,Damm this reminds me of Yuno GASAI from Mirai Nikki.7/10
76561198052397518,Recommended,655770,33609142,Posted: 17 July,all,DarthCheesecake,"It's got a yandere in it. 10/10.Really though it is actually an impressive piece of work. I could go into annoying levels of detail but imma leave it at this. The leads are interesting. The music is fairly basic but used effectively, and the illustrations are rather good.Also it's one of the only Yandere related VN's where the Yandere GOING yandere at an opportune moment is the TRUE end!"
,Recommended,655770,33643757,Posted: 18 July,all,Zotmaster,"As this is a visual novel, the writing is paramount, and thankfully Crimson Gray is surprisingly well-written.  By focusing so heavily on its two main characters, they flesh out well and it enables everything else to stay in the background.  The story is fairly short and unlocking some of the endings is a bit tedious - even with all the save slots - but again, it is well-written and surprisingly clever in its plot twists.  The game handles its more mature themes fairly well as it delves into depression and obsession.  It's a solid story at a reasonable price.  If you're into visual novels, this one's worth a go."
,Recommended,655770,34651975,Posted: 31 August,all,Lord Ichthys,Fantastic writing and a compelling story make this a truly great VN worth your time.
,Recommended,655770,33599071,Posted: 16 July,all,dzlockhead,"This is a visual novel that touches some topics in very powerful ways. I really enjoyed the characters and found they were fleshed out and I would definitely want to see more of them. The story is very powerful, and there are tons of choices, and it isn't as simple as branching. It uses formulas to calculate each charcters mental state and it makes for high replayability. There aren't a lot of eroge scenes so don't go buying this for that. I highly recommend this for this price point.Disclaimer: I purchased this on nutaku and sunk over 10 hours into it and still didn't get every ending. Highly recommended."
76561198405737367,Recommended,655770,33686550,Posted: 20 July,all,theflowerofsin,"I expected more after seeing the initial trailer, sadly a little let down. My main problem is the story/endings and the characterization of both the main character and Lizzy. It just doesn't flow right in any direction. And I'm not saying that as in the subject matter, rather the execution.The only way I'd recommend this game is if you have money to spend, other than that it's a bit forgettable."
76561198120540428,Recommended,655770,33599793,Posted: 16 July,all,Spreelly,yeah
76561198048712516,Recommended,655770,33686479,Posted: 20 July,all,Homunculus,Pretty Good
,Recommended,655770,35039008,Posted: 17 September,all,ZDreamer,Very nice story. Not very long but has a lot of meaningful choices.
