user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,658620,34624524,Posted: 30 August,all,Zeifer,WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE
,Recommended,658620,34625264,Posted: 30 August,all,negikogok,"Lemme tell you a story.2 months ago when I was browsing on YouTube, I came across one of the insert songs of this game. It was an ending theme for a certain ending, I am not gonna spoil it, but damn.All the feelings I had when I got to the ending 6 years ago just hit me again all at once. Despite that I forgot the most part of the story already.And yea, I never turned the game on ever again after I beat it. I hardly even talked about it with people.You don't even need to understand what the story is about and what is actually going on within the entire mess to enjoy it, because it isn't even meant to be understood anyways.It's simply a bizarre and unforgettable experience that you need to go through.Just buy it, finish it, then go enjoy your own wonderful everyday.And yea, make sure you check out the important announcement before starting the game.Kimika best girl, 10/10"
76561198037317998,Recommended,658620,34664127,Posted: 1 September,all,Fz Dynelight,"Choose #1: A kiss and then lesbian sex a few scenes later. Strange girl leaves on the train, you kiss your new girlfriend. Roll credits.Choose #2: A kiss and then lesbian sex a few scenes later. Strange girl leaves on the train, you kiss your new girlfriend. Roll credits.Choose #3: A kiss and thena disturbing gondola ride and an otherworldly experience that sets the stage for a psychological horror involving murder, sexual violence, abuse, torture, philosophy, Alice themes, insanity, and generally disturbing and horrifying themes. Seriously this game is several steps above Song of Saya in how messed up the characters get."
,Recommended,658620,34726079,Posted: 3 September,all,Sora,"Finally this game is on steam!Personally, best galgame ever. The depth of the concepts and minds in this game is amazing. The game is a combination of philosophy and beautiful literature. A game with true aesthetic value I would say. It's the most enlightening game I've ever played. Whether you have previous experience with galgames or not, you should definitely try this.BTW, don't forget to download the patch, otherwise you can only play the first chapter.Last, to my favorate acg character, Yuki."
,Recommended,658620,34636091,Posted: 31 August,all,Antera,At First it looks very light hearted but soon it turns very dark. I would recommend everyone who likes reading dark and serious VNs. I hope more similar VNs will get translated to English
,Recommended,658620,34714584,Posted: 3 September,all,M.Drekinn,"Worth a support because:- 30+ hour content for your money- Free H-patch (no mosaics)- Dark twisted story, Higurashi Style- Wounderful Slice of Life Sequences (no pun intended)- Nostalgic Artdesign which takes you back to the early 2000s- Cool female Lead-ProtagonistReasons why it couldn't apply to you:- H-patch have to be loaded separately- Slow beginning- Maybe confusing- SoL can be boring for some people- Some meaningless choices which only influenced some CGs or dialogues but not the Stor"
,Recommended,658620,34846239,Posted: 9 September,all,SiegDere,"Long story short, it's like Saya no Uta on steroids: disturbing, yet very interesting.10 out of 10, will lose my mind again.Featuring:True DetectiveDaily Life of Modern Jesus w/ dru... I mean Holy ElexirWe wuz Pioneers of Aerodynamics and shieeetThis was Cyrano de Bergerac play all this time"
,Recommended,658620,34648306,Posted: 31 August,all,lonelyintrovert,"I spent an hour trying to figure out a way to describe Subahibi and somewhere along that time I realized it was ♥♥♥♥ing impossible to describe this work of art. If you are on the fence about this I can at least assure you that this story isn't like anything you have ever experienced before, and that it is absolutely worth it to try something that may completely flip your view on life (It has surely changed mine). Subahibi is funny, revolting, deep, crazy, complex, philosophical, personal, and God Damn Beautiful. Read it.(Oh, and get some eye bleach ready, you'll need it)."
,Recommended,658620,34670786,Posted: 1 September,all,末原 恭子,"I was busy so I haven't really gotten to play this game a lot, but today, I finally managed to get the time to finish 1 route.Before anything else, this game is a visual novel, this means there's nudity inside and if you downloded the uncensored patch it's a really wholesome experience! The uncensored patch is not only free, it's also official so it won't cause you problems! Down below is the patch.https://www.jastusa.com/wonderful-everydayFirst~ gameplay.If you're new to the visual novel genre you would probably ask 'why is this a game?' Because for you, games might include shooting stuff, slashing stuff, hiding from stuff, or to be more general, actually moving and controlling stuff. That's not what happens in the genre of 'Visual Novels'. Here it's like reading a book while listening to err an audio book. The only gameplay that you will get is the time when the game asks you to make a decision on who do you want to do something with (that something can either be: kiss, bone, grope, date, whatever).Second~ Plot.Subarashiki Hibi contains 6 stories. This my friends is just first of six, Down The Rabbit Hole. The protagonist is Yuki Minakami a girl who encounters another girl named Zakuro Takashima, someone who likes throwing stuffed animals/ dolls off a rooftop. You also have a childhood friend Kagami Wakatsuki and Tsukasa Wakatsuki. Beyakuwoz you are the peak of masculinity, despite being a girl, the three of the girls (especially the sisters) seems to have an interest in your non-existent peenees, When Zakuro decides to volunteer to be your maid and live with you, this conflicts with the sisters' who also want a share of your sexy sexy butt so they decided 'fak you ♥♥♥♥♥ we're living here too!' And basically that's where it begins, 4 girls living together with 1 girl in constant threat of losing her virginity every time she's alone with 1 of them. From there you can choose if you want to have a relationship with them or pursue the legend of the 'girl of the sky'. I chose to play it safe for my first playthrough and gave my virginity to the twintailed girl. All jokes aside, this has a very intriguing plot! It starts out slow, but once you get into it, it's very easy to get hooked! Before I knew it I couldn't turn the game off! I finished one playthrough but after I write this review I'm immediately hopping on to the next!Third~ Characters!The characters are great and very memorable! You will always have a reason to choose one over the other because each of them has a personality! Unlike in other game where you can replace characters with a wet towel and I wouldn't give a fak and not notice it, the characters for this game are adorable, lovable and you can really sympathize with them.Fourth~ Art!Art is amazing! Everyone is beautiful! The CGs and the nudity are extremely nice! My only complain is that I wish they could've used something like Live 2d to animate the characters while they're talking. But, even without that, the game still has beautiful girls drawn beautifully and that's already a lot!Fifth~ Voice Acting!The voice acting here is purrrrrrfecccctt! It's just perfect! You can tell the personalities of each character just from their voices! That's a good sign that the voice actors really did their job well! Then, when it comes to the good part (if you know what i mean), they really sound their part and if you close your eyes, you can really imagine them 'getting it on'.Sixth~ translations!After the horrible, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ translations of Dark Elf, Les Fleursword and The Heiress, I'm proud to say that it's nice to see good translation for once. I'm doing it a disservice just to call it good actually. It's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing! They didn't fall to the trap of using machine translations, they really worked hard for this game to be translated and they deserve all my praise for that!Overall I really liked this game and I recommend this to everyone! Unless you hate the Visual Novel genre or just dont like Yuri to begin with, then this game is a must buy!Okay now let's review something else. god damn it steam, this is an adult game and you're heartifying words such as 'D I C K',  and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for its review?"
76561198152727086,Recommended,658620,34696618,Posted: 2 September,all,moonstne,"I just finished this and what a ride. Definitly not for the faint of heart. Will reccomend for anyone that can handle it, it has its ups and downs, but something I can reccomend. 8/10, Kimika best girl."
,Recommended,658620,34860588,Posted: 10 September,all,SuperDriver,"Tremendously good novel if you can stomach some very triggering content(namely sexual abuse and suicide). Every route has it's own distinct feeling ranging from yuri slice of life, to mystery, to diary of a religious cult leader and so on. 10/10.More importantly, this thing has a fairly long scene dedicated to Kant puns and making fun of Kant's name in general, making it definitely a must buy."
,Recommended,658620,35134657,Posted: 22 September,all,The Coffee Lord,"It's been a while since I've read a good denpa visual novel, and I think there are quite a few who would agree that Subahibi is one of the best. Subahibi kept me hooked in from the very beginning, and I only got more and more interested as I read on. The first episode starts slow, but is crucial to the story and has a fair bit of foreshadowing.""It's My Own Invention"" and ""Looking-Glass Insects"" is where a lot of controversy about the game seems to come from, but every last disturbing detail services the plot. The story really shines in its narration style, in my opinion. I loved looking into the same timeframe and events from different perspectives, revealing more and more as I advanced.The soundtrack is fantastic as well. Each song fits each scene perfectly, adding to the emotion whether it's fear, unease, melancholy, or happiness. A few of my personal favorites are ""Yoru no Himawari"" and ""Denpa Relay no Shousha.""All in all, out of the 40+ visual novels I've read, Subahibi comes out somewhere near the top. I highly recommend this to anyone that wants something more than light reading, that will require them to think, and is fine with the more disturbing areas of the story (which weren't actually as bad as I had been expecting)."
76561198048047802,Recommended,658620,34752094,Posted: 5 September,all,Optimistic_cat,"I would like to add that this would be a review of the prolouge (Chapter 1) of the game. Nothing Spoilerly will be mentioned here. This is solely made in order to attract others who aren't sure if they want to pick this game up.Lets go down the Basics, breaking it down into - Art, Sounds, characters, Interface, Story, Personal Enjoyment, Overall.Art - 7/10This game came out in japan in 2010. The art, for the most part, is pleasent to look at. Anime fans will noticed the dynamic of the art is an older style. The in-game sprites are highly detailed, however, some may find it a little off given the art direction of the characters. It is a very colorful game with a darker lighting tone. Most of the CG's of the game are a bit weird. While the color, art and scenery comes to life, I wouldn't say the same for the perspectives. (This could be given off as artistic, but who knows). The backgrounds are also off putting. You can noticed some of the backgrounds characters aren't well designed or detailed. This is the same for the buildings and other details. They stand out alot compare to the main characters sprites. (Besides the sky, I like the Sky).Overall, not bad art, not perfect, but it gets the job done here.Sounds 6/10They are various soundeffects in this game that are out of placed. Might be because of the default settings, but the sound effects used in many of the scenes almost feels like they were taken from an older RPG game or RPG Maker. While not bad, I wouldn't call it proffesional. The music so far is a little forgettable. There were 2 tracks that gave me a great feel during the first chapter of the game and besides those original works. They did provided us with some Classicals! However, you can't skip them (far as I know) and it got annoying the first time around -.-Oh and no Tittlemusic...why?Overall, Meh.Characters - 7/10All characters are going to fall into a ""Generic"" Trope. However, having this tropes is not bad writing, what is if they were generic or boring without much categorazation among their tropes. Having said this, I do belive they are all around that edge. I consider most of the characters to be that of a ""Generic"" Tsundere, ""Generic"" Mystery girl ETC. They do have that little spice in them but I think it doesn't warrants them any defining ""Personalities"". The only one that I found myself really enjoying is the Protagonist Yuki. I think she is a cool character. Her inner monologue and her reactions are great!Overall - Not bad. Yuki is awesome.Interface 4/10The game has a neet interface. On the options menu you can see all of the important features. Nothing special about this window. The save and load feature are as standard as you can go. The overall Text window is basic enough with a cool feather as a decoration and to bring up the game's shortcuts, is as simple as slidding your mouse to the bottom. I do have TWO HUGE complains about the game for this category. 1. The voices do tend to cut off weirdly when transitioning between dialoge. I am the kind of VN reader that likes to have my voices on and have the freedom to move on whenever I am done reading the text, even if the voices aren't finish. Most visual novels I have played don't tend to lag up the game a bit when doing this or suddenly stopping it with a ""grain"" or ""Thub"" sound. 2. Never try to skip with the CTRL Key. I haven't tried with the space button, but unless you press the SKIP button to move forward on ""Already-Read-Text"" the game will skip all ""Unread-Text"". I found this out as i went back to choose from other choices and noticed something didn't add up at one point. This is a major minus for me but as long as you skip with the in-game Skip button, you should be fine.Overall - Generic, Poor.Story 10/10Here is the REASON why you want to play this game. The overall story can be confusing since they do quote back on older writers and have an interesting way of telling their ideas. It feels almost as if you were repeating your self or making sense of the unreasnable. But that is OK with this game. This game will get deep with you very fast I promised. The beginning and the ending of CH.1 have a great amount of story writing. Lots of Mysteries to go around! The middle part is mostly fluff. Really funny stuff and while I thought it got a little annoying, it was WAY worth it.Overall - I wish I could say more here, but sadly that would be getting into spoilers territory. Just belive me in this one.Personal Enjoyment 9/10The game itself for me was once of my highly anticipated game for a long time now. Once I found out it got released on steam I couldn't wait to play it! Had to wait for my paycheck of course but it was well worth every penny so far. I sat down and basically played it until I was finish with the first chapter. I love the characters in the game. While they are very ""Generic"" characters, the situation they were in were very funny. The interactions between the characters is explosive. It kept me giggling and laughing all throughout the middle sections of the story. The mysteries revealed were also a huge plus in my book here! Lots of great story telling! Nothing much i could say here.Overall - 10/10WOW hold on...10/10? This is actually crazy. The game Honesty does it best at the story. Art, Music, Interface and even the characters are all Subpar - Average level. But you don't pick this game up for any of those. You pick this game up simply because the story telling is GOOD. I haven't seen any game that shocked me as hard as it did during it's opening sequences. I've played many visual novels and this one nailed the beginning. It gives GREAT hopes for what's to come. If I were you, I would immediately pick this game up and play through Chapter 1. Give it a go. I know these kind of games aren't for everyone and some will disliked it or give it poor ratings. However one thing that we can't denied.It has GREAT story Writing. And this always outweights any category.EDIT: On a Final note, I suggest choosing ""1"" or ""2"" instead of ""3"" for your first playthrough of CH1. I honesty think this gives people who read under the lines a better experience. I found it amazing lol."
76561198286794097,Recommended,658620,34834988,Posted: 9 September,all,Neunzehn,"This visual novel really changed me a lot.Thanks to it,I have the wonderful everyday now."
76561198166381575,Recommended,658620,34880553,Posted: 11 September,all,Shikiller,Kimika best girl.
,Recommended,658620,35371836,Posted: 1 October,all,convictionxice,"Just to make it crystal clear ahead of time. If you're looking for heavy sexual content romantic visual novel, you might consider to pass this one.Wonderful Everyday is considered to me a beautiful well-written philosophical visual novel. Each chapter hold mystical meaning, and logically can not be explained if the reader doesn't proceed into next chapter. Every story is built on one another. The stunning discovery of the time when reader realize the connection between each chapter is phenomenal and not like every visual novels can tell a story this astonishing.It is true for me that my reading began in very depressing mood. Certain storyline contain disturbing images and upsetting endings that frustrates me as I keep reading. But if you enjoy the process of discovering the truth and how are those things happening, keep on reading is the only chance you can get yourself out of this ""depression"".I believe readers can see this world in a different way by finishing this visual novel. As human, we have the gift to think, and this visual novel actually provokes the ability of doing so.I do highly recommend to those people who like to think philosophically to read this masterpiece.9.5/10"
,Recommended,658620,35282830,Posted: 28 September,all,butta,truly the doki doki literature club of VNs
,Recommended,658620,34853612,Posted: 9 September,all,DemonShadow423,"This is a very great visual novel, and I highly recommend it, even at full price.Pros:- Characters are all great and have depth and personality.- The story is amazing.- Art is very good.- Soundtrack is pretty good, and has a few memorable tracks.- Voices are good, though only one male character has a voice actor for some reason.- Good length.Mixed:- Some of the H-scenes seem to be there for no reason, while others actually add to the story.RATING : 8.8 / 10"
76561198071541895,Recommended,658620,35134138,Posted: 22 September,all,Alexei101mercurio,"This thing undoubtedly deserves full-blown review, but even this, however, would not seem to be fair towards such unique and deep stuff.In short, it would be:- Setting = 9,5/10- Characters = 9.8/10- Music = 10/10- Visuals = 9/10- Scenario = 9.7/10- Emotions/Philosophy/Wittgenstein/Riruru/Tekeli-li/終ノ空 = 999/10p.s. Definitely need more Ayana-san."
76561198376151761,Recommended,658620,34866583,Posted: 10 September,all,Dalekenium,"Sometimes it reads as a great mystery novel, sometimes - as a philosophical treatise (about the fear of Death, existence and nature of God and Soul, the limits of the World), and other times - as a hymn to otakus and nerds all over the world. And, surprisingly, it never stops being fun and entertaining.If you would like to read something deep and thought-provoking, then this VN is definitely for you."
76561198035869337,Recommended,658620,34797073,Posted: 7 September,all,BeatlesFan,"If you're looking for a happy ending, please find something else.  Also, you must download the patch to actually play the whole game."
76561198045284983,Recommended,658620,34853064,Posted: 9 September,all,Layous Fatra Vertlion,"Don't let the cute art fool you, this is a rough ride. But it's freaking amazing.It's a chaotic, disturbing mess. And I love it.It's truly exemplary of just what Visual Novels can be."
,Recommended,658620,35243985,Posted: 27 September,all,SunnyS,"More than just a story,It make you think a lot.Overall a Wonderful Visual Novel"
76561198027716445,Recommended,658620,35032144,Posted: 17 September,all,Sesto,Live happily!
,Recommended,658620,34654711,Posted: 1 September,all,Oolong Dong,"I didn't think this would ever come out in English originally, thank goodness it did, possibly one of the best visual novel experiences, a treat in story telling that provokes many emotions. Cant recommend this enough."
76561198025512053,Recommended,658620,35194822,Posted: 24 September,all,ManPelican,Ptsd.
,Recommended,658620,34627294,Posted: 30 August,all,ＶａｐｏｒｄＡｓｈ,SCA-DI deserves Nobel prize in literature.edit: more than some pop singer does.
,Recommended,658620,34630139,Posted: 31 August,all,以凡人之身 達神之意志,"whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.so does this review.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1091504215"
,Not Recommended,658620,34918675,Posted: 13 September,all,Ne7erwinter,"All hail a game that defines a brand new subgenre under visual novels. Let’s simply call it an “Exploitation Visual Novel”.To help you save your money (look, I’m doing all you guys out there a great favour) let’s simply say that it’s like The Game of Thrones minus all the good parts... what’s left is just a copious, I mean A COPIOUS, amount of senseless violence, obscenity, substance abuse, profanity, brutality, wanton torture and♥♥♥♥♥♥ for the sake of cheap shock, plus an attempt to dress it up as some kind of “philosophical debate” by inserting quotes (for details please refer to other reviews) -- ending up making much of the writing a jumbled, extremely long-winded, schizophrenic mess. So when you’re not being shocked senseless and bombarded to the nine hells by the constant onslaught of violence, obscenity, profanity, brutality, torture and♥♥♥♥♥♥ you are struggling against boredom and disorientation swimming in a cesspit of disgusting gibberish. Not to mention that the plot hinges on, yet again, a certain cliché *cough cough* that’s been done to death over and again in every single form of entertainment media (OH NO).I’ve specifically created a category in my Steam library for such games and said category happens to be called “TURDS”... thus, Wonderful Everyday has had the honour of being the most recent entrant into the ranks of excrement of the mind.P.S.: As the saying goes every turd has a silver lining so I’d like to mention that the music here is rather good. Perhaps the developers should consider putting up the OST for sale independently... well something to think about?"
,Recommended,658620,34803197,Posted: 7 September,all,Cloud Strife,"Sexy, well writen and seriously terryfying. I honestly cannot play this trough, but that might just be by the fact that I am easily terrifyed. Nothing for the faint of heart"
,Recommended,658620,34778412,Posted: 6 September,all,ShadoW,"When after 60 hours you think you understand what's going on, another layer of the narrative appears, and yet another one appears, and finally you realize there are an infinite amount of layers in the story.""The subject does not belong to the world, but it is a limit of the world.""""The sense of the world must lie outside the world.""""How things are in the world is a matter of complete indifference for what is higher.""Personal Enjoyment - 9/10For What it Conveys - 10/10What else can I give this game when there isn't anything I can compare it to?"
