user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,665090,34943710,Posted: 14 September,all,Aye,"If you don't havea controller, don't even try this game. It's just way too annoying when you only use your keyboard&mouse to move around the in-game camera especially in this fast-tempo game. I really love the Japanese voice actors. I understand how much investments the developers had paid for those fancy voice actors, but I don't think all the voices are well-matched with all the in-game characters. I'm not talking about how the characters' mouth moves when they speak (well, that also need to be fixed for perfection). I'm talking about the faces, how would you have no emotional reacts when you are talking to someone with an emotional voice? It just feels like so damn fake and horrifying.I would definitely recommend this game if you havea controller.Overall:2/10 For people who don't have a controller and play this game.8/10 For individuals who use a controller to play the game."
,Recommended,665090,34741376,Posted: 4 September,all,Geoff,"Worthwhile game for people who like fast response based action games (Devil May Cry, Ninja Gaiden, Bayonetta). I will be mainly critiquing mechanics and design in the review--it may come off as negative given the amount of things I will be nitpicking but I think this game is very close to being excellent so I wanted to take the time to be specific about things. As it seems they may still patch things, I will mention this review is as of Sept 4, 2017About the camera, reading the other reviews it seems like a lot of issues had been resolved prior to me playing the game, but there's a few more points to potentially improve. An option for a farther camera would be helpful--I often found myself getting hit from offscreen by the fast dashing attack that claw enemies have.This situation is very common due to what I expect is the typical encounter strategy of running around baiting suicide robots, then hunting down ranged enemies before engaging in the meat of the melee combat. Ironically, this approach to begin with is to minimize the chance of getting attacked from offscreen. This strategy is further supported by the fact that the ranged enemies have much lower health than other enemies and the sprinting attack will prioritize ranged enemies over everyone else nearby. A potential fix to this problem of strategic variety would be more enemy types and/or more actions within each enemy type.To further expand upon the sprinting attack, it is a quick dash attack towards an enemy that is initiated by a light attack during sprinting. The interesting thing about this move is its auto-locking function which targets an enemy in range for you automatically, making it essential for hunting ranged enemies (as previously mentioned) but also as a gap closer for bosses, which I will go into further detail below.Enemies are not aware of the Y-axis and will initiate attack attempts if you're hovering over them, making the downward falling slash risky as you can end up attacking into a move you can't see that has a more favorable hitbox. Additionally in the few encounters that happen on multiple floors, melee enemies are incapable of chasing you and ranged enemies can only attempt to shoot you.Dodging has a bit of a long vulnerability time. While it's important to punish defensive indiscriminate dodge chaining, it also limits the offensive potential of the player. This is most notable in the variant of claw enemies that will block most attacks. In the tutorial you are taught to guard crush them with heavy attacks, but as this guard crush also pushes them back, they often end up out of range and using a dodge as a gap closer is too slow as they re-gaurd while you're still in dodge recovery. Getting close and using a strong attack chain is usable but as there are no combo options from a strong attack initiator and strong attacks within higher level combo chain that start with light attacks often fail to crush means this can be a boring approach. The actual approach i found best to use on these enemies was to sprint away at a small distance then use the sprinting attack to quickly close to perfect distance before they can bring their guard up and enable a full combo chain. One solution to the dodge recovery issue is either allow for limited chaining whereupon a long recovery will be incurred after a certain number of dodges (Bayonetta) or simply prevent dodge-to-dodge chaining but allow dodge into attacks freely.The ranking system is based simply upon amount of HP remaining at the end of the encounter, with all hp being refilled after an encounter. Given that there is a way to self-heal 30% by using all your SP for a full screen attack, this is generally the best way to use SP as your ranking affects the amount of points you get to buy moves with per encounter (unless of course you are having no problem with hp at all). As far as I can tell the ranking system is something like 85+% hp remaining full 1000 points, with anything under being scaled to your health (e.g. 72% hp remaining gets you 720 points) and an overall rank at the end of a level. If you consistently get 80+% you can easily buy all the actions before the end of the game, which is a plus for me as these games are all about having options.The boss battles are probably the low point of the game for me. You can almost never complete any of the better combos, with the bosses dodging out at the transition point, with some of the later bosses dodging even out of the basic light attack combo. Additionally, bosses' ""safe"" strike times are fairly strict, meaning even if you do a perfect dodge/perfect block into a counter they won't be staggered and usually end up hitting you on follow up attacks anyway--you absolutely have to wait for the right time to attack. Combine this with bosses having very little wait time between attacks and it could be pretty frustrating until you figure out the general pattern most of them share. With only a couple of exceptions, this results in the correct strategy for every boss being sprinting in a circle around them until they use one of their slow (usually ranged) attacks whereupon you immediately use the sprinting attack to close in, using a light combo before backing off and repeating. However, as a saving grace boss health bars are reasonable and once you get the pattern it does not take too long to finish one. This is a shame as I generally prefer the more agile character-vs-character fights in these types of games (think Vergil in DMC3, Angelo and Dante in DMC4) when they are made correctly.Some final nitpicks, these mostly are minor issues that just go away with getting used to the particulars of the game:Your striking range and coverage always seems shorter than it should be, I found myself constantly misestimating how safe i was in the middle of or initiating an attack chain, especially from the claw enemies.The dodge distance is a bit too far, with dodging past an enemy to hit them from behind often overshooting resulting in a whiff. Dodge distance being shortened wouldn't be a problem as there are plenty of invincibility frames in the dodge. Air dash should be lengthened however. Alternatively weapon range could be increased as mentioned above and dodge length left alone.Non-sprint walk speed seems a bit on the slow side. Sprinting is fine as is though it could also be sped up without much detriment if a similar move speed bump was granted to enemies so they couldn't be completely dusted.Control customization would also be niceAs quick comments about non-gameplay aspects the game:- Story and cutscenes are like an abridged cliche anime. I won't hold this against it as I know how expensive cutscenes are to make and how small a team this is. Taking the effort at all to contextualize things is a net plus considering the circumstances for me.- The game is very short, taking under 3-4 hours to complete once, though these types of games are generally highly replayable due to the inherent appeal of its gameplay. There's additionally a challenge mode.- Character models look decent, costume design is definitely anime-style, with the face models for the female characters looking very similar to some of the dead or alive characters.- Gameplay animations generally look great, with nice looking FX work going with a lot of moves.- Environment models don't look as good as the characters but the gap isn't distracting- Music is surprisingly catchy though there's only a few tracks. Given that the game is fairly short, the latter isn't a problemAs much as I nitpick, I want to again clarify that for fans of the genre I think it is worth playing, especially at sale prices. The responsiveness of the system is inherently satisfying to play and is something I very rarely see done correctly outside of Platinum-developed/originated games, even at AAA budgets."
,Not Recommended,665090,33622027,Posted: 17 July,all,Robot Maid,"Welcome to the Robot Maid Review of The Initial.NOTE: This review is tentative as a first impression review.EDIT NOTE: THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE FIRST BUILD OF THE GAME AND IS LARGELY OUTDATED. MANY OF MY CRITICISMS OF THE GAME HAVE BEEN FIXED (aside from the lock-on system, full re-review maybe in the future.)First Impression Videohttps://youtu.be/C9Jtf07AsKESo this game looks interesting if you're into anime, schoolgirls, and beat 'em ups. Unfortunately it's not as good once you actually start playing it.The game starts fairly straightforward, basically thrusting you into the game from the word ""go"". There's no exposition, but I have a tendency not to fault games for lack of story.  So if you're coming here for a story of some fashion, prepare to be disappointed.Graphically, the game looks pretty good. Nothing outlandishly bad and it's mostly boring buildings with little extra fluff. The character models look significantly better, but I have a sneaky suspicion that they (at least the faces) may have been ripped from another game, though it could just be my eyes playing tricks on me.Soundwise, the music is pretty good. I actually enjoyed it, but my tastes in music have been highly suspect so I suggest you don't take my word for it. Sound effects for attacking enemies, movement, and voices are all decent as well. I won't sing too many praises about them, but you won't see me disparaging them either.But how's the gameplay? In a word, bad.While the controls aren't bad and fairly straight forward, the gameplay suffers vastly from its designs.Starting with minor things, there's no way to remap controls. On a gamepad, this isn't that big a deal as the controls are pretty standard ( X / ▢ is light attack, Y / Δ is a heavy attack, B / ◯ is a special attack, and A / ✕ is a jump and so on ). You also are unable to change camera controls or sensitivity, which can make it a pain to control the camera sometimes. I don't use keyboard and mouse for these sort of games, so I'm not sure how the controls are with those.As far as hack and slashes go, you're better off elsewhere. It touts itself as a game that's ""hard for someone not skilled in it"". Unfortunately, for what this game is trying to be, it falls short. Difficulty is largely artificial with numbers (either damage taken or enemies on screen) being your biggest enemy. Very few actions flow seamlessly into other actions, often having as high as 3/4s of a second delay between actions you can take. Because the flow of your actions is broken so easily and you have such a high delay between movements, you may find yourself getting hit at places you feel like you really shouldn't have because you were making an attempt to dodge.And for the worst part of the gameplay... the lock-on system. It doesn't work. It feels like you automatically snap to lock onto the closest enemy even if you're pushing the analog stick hard in the direction of a gunner that's only at the tip of your sword. Your character will do a 180 to attack an enemy you may not want to attack at the moment. All this system does is take away control of your character and make the game harder on the player for a wrong reason, and that's very bad to do in a game that's supposed to be fast and frantic fun. This is probably one of the biggest bits of artificial difficulty in the game as it removes a huge amount of control from the player.As it stands right now, I can not recommend this game, even for its price point. While there are worse games out there for the same price, there's also better games for 10 USD.This has been a Robot Maid review.Thank you for reading, and I hope to see you again."
,Recommended,665090,33890299,Posted: 29 July,all,uraizen,"This review is based on a full Normal difficulty playthrough and 1 and a half hour of Very Hard.The game itself has gone through a few revisions since I beat it and all for the best. On normal mode I feel it's a good action game. You start out with a simple moveset like you do for most action games and buy combos and abilities. These can range from ""Buy XXXYYYXXXX"" or ""Press X to attack back after right timing."" You get coins to buy these skills after beating areas in a game. There are a few small variety of area scenery and enemies. It's enough for a game that takes about three hours to beat. The bosses seem to be well thought out as it can be a matter of trial and error before you figure out the pattern needed to beat them.Now for what I care about most. The combat is much better than most action games you would find on Steam. You have the ability to cancel your animations, but not at all times. The defensive options are a simple dodge and block at the beginning. Eventually you can unlock the ability to parry and dodge with a follow-up attack. The parry is an instant kill, but only kills one enemy even if you're surrounded. However, attacking back with the dodge affects everybody within proximity of the attack, but it won't kill. One other ability is to intercept the enemy with your own attack, but with the start-up on moves you would need to know they're about to attack to use this. There's no indication of when they will other than their own start-up too.Your offensive options are a few simple combos, but are usually interrupted easily unless you launch the character. It seems like the character will only hit everybody in some instances. Each combo serves a function and is used for things like trapping characters in furious sword swipes and allowing you to move. Another combo allows you to blow all of your enemies away. There are finishers in the game when an enemy is red, but you have to be neutral to use it for some reason. Movement from character to character is done well. There is a dash button and it's utilized during combat to instantly teleport you to the enemy you want to attack. The game equips you with a gun to put an enemy into stagger state. You are also able to charge your regular attack to deal a lot of damage to a single enemy on screen or charge until you're red to kill every enemy on screen. One of the abilities you buy allows you to instantly go into red state. Unfortunately going into this stance is near impossible in Very Hard. Your last attack is an attack that kills everything on the screen instantly and refills your life gauge. The former two require resources from the bar below your life that you slowly build up. You can build it up faster with finishers, a parry follow-up, and apparently intercepting an attack. Since the bar only serves as a function for these two things I didn't feel it needed to be mentioned immediately.The game is a joy to play on Normal and is a real challenge on Very Hard. I feel some of the challenge on Very Hard comes from being unable to utilize all of the tools given to me, though. I cannot intercept, I am given no time to charge an attack, I get hit at certain points in combos too easily, and I can't recommend playing on Very Hard because of these flaws. I find myself making it through areas by press attack a few times, dashing to the next enemy, pressing attack a few times again, and repeating. Sometimes I will use parry and dodge, but it's usually too suffocating or there's an environmental hazard.I recommend the game because I had a lot of fun on Normal and most people probably won't touch Very Hard. This review is based mostly on the game's mechanics and Very Hard difficulty."
,Recommended,665090,33640288,Posted: 18 July,all,DINNYFORST,"Hack-n-slash indie that may have some flaws, still deliver solid combat and challenge.Genre: Hack-n-Slash, Third Person ActionDeveloper: Restory StudioEngine: Unity(Review is based on 19 July patch, more tweaks coming up to deliver best experience)---------------------------------------------------------“The Initial” is arena based hack-n-slash game (Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is closest game in term of mechanics and formula). Overall presentation is very well done for small team (sound effect, voice acting, cutscene, level transition). Soundtracks are catchy at least for my taste. Good performance from the start to end.In my review, I mainly play on keyboard and it’s surprisingly responsive. The latest update allows player to rebind keyboard button except numpad (which I highly suggest for rebind numpad as well).The core gameplay focuses on fast-paced combat which delivers satisfying action. Keep in mind that it highly encourages player to learn the moves and prioritize enemy. Mobs on lower difficulty can be deadly. Each move set performs by combination of attack and movement. Once you get used to all skills, it feels unstoppable and flows.---------------------------------------------------------However, there are some issued designs. After the update, camera is much smoother and keep track on player, but it’s not fully optimized. On higher difficulty where you constantly switch target or keep dodging from relentless enemies. The camera could be wonky and cause messy fight. You can get hit from off-screen dash attack or projectile. Gap between dodge and dash still feels disconnect when you try hit-n-run. The game also has inconsistent difficulty due to mob placement and boss design. Learning curve could be peaked at a time and it become repetitive once you already face most types of enemy in first act. Translation also has some grammatical error.---------------------------------------------------------The Initial might have some flaws to hardly overlook at first launch, but you can expect for more tweaks and improvement from developers based on community feedback which I really appreciate their effort and care. I would recommend to anyone who looking for challenge from this genre and casual player still can enjoy as well.Thank you for reading my review."
76561198050168368,Recommended,665090,33622342,Posted: 17 July,all,legacy_1,"Story NOT included in this review.As far as I can tell. The gameplay feels likes ninja gaiden, bayonetta, DMC, etc.... If you like game mechanics like those i would recommend this game. The attack visuals are pleasing to the eyes. The nub enemies (not bosses because i haven't fought one yet) aren't all that great like usual but they can actually attack back pretty quick. If that doesn't excite you enough then they got panties showing because the character's skirt is too short and flies up everytime when you're sprinting -_^ ehehehe. However, i don't really care too much for it but some people dig that stuff.In short, pleasing visual effects on attacks and mechanics feel like ninja gaiden and such. I would recommend :)"
76561198042766333,Recommended,665090,34721256,Posted: 3 September,all,ChefChef,"First i want to say for the price point set at $10.00 this game is a fantastic entry level game for those who love hack and slash games with hot women. The team that made this game was a 5 person team and the fact this game is the product to that is amazing.Pros and Cons:Pros/consThe campaign/story mode is non existant/lacking but its a good training ground for people who wish to get into this genre of gaming.The combos are well thought out and are designed to teach as you progress. I do wish we had more combos and that they were not all unlocked.The graphics are beyond amazing, and realistically you should buy the game just for them.* we need more characters in the next installation*Overall this game is awesome and you will get 2 plus hours of play time with it.I hope the developers add more characters/skins and maybe even add ons for the story or more *modes*."
76561198014157536,Recommended,665090,35004990,Posted: 16 September,all,RageuruuQuituu,"Pretty good game for the price.The game reminds me a lot of platinum games(Metal Gear Revengeance, Nier:Automata) and got a very nice and fluent combat system. Really good game if you just want to beat up some bad guys (or in this case half naked schoolgirl robots) however, it falls a bit short on stuff like story and facial animations.I recommend this to anyone who like fast paced hack n slash games and  is okay with the anime art style."
,Recommended,665090,33622452,Posted: 17 July,all,DOY,"TL;DR - Probably wait for a sale to 5 CAD and only get the game if you have a controller available for yourself.OK now finished with the game - played normal difficulty. The game became slightly more fluid with the first update in terms of combat. The first update also included rebindable key option for KB+M players.If you have played this game:http://store.steampowered.com/app/263620/Mitsurugi_Kamui_Hikae/then you'll find that the two are very similar in terms of gameplay except at a slightly slower pace and weaker story; though both games don't really have a strong narrative.Just like in the above mentioned game, you will fight through rounds of enemies in melee combat to get to the boss for each chapter. In the first chapter you will fight through barious rounds of trash mobs, a mid boss and then finally the boss. From the chapters going forward you will only fight through trash mobs and then finally the boss as the start sequence. Your trash mobs are actually very dangerous and makes every fight hard as enemies do not stagger easy and have non-stagger states after receiving a certain amount of combo damage.  It makes evading very important and blocking nearly useless unless you time a just-guard (which is what you want to do on bosses late game). The composition of trash mobs become larger groups and become more reactive in fights as you progress. The combat seems to have mixed in laser and bullet dodging from enemies and map obstacles which forces the player to spare an extra mindfulness of the environment.You can buy skills through a point system based on your fighting performance. The skills are an assortment of combos, counter attacks and special abilities (ultimates used on a rage meter which is built from special finishes on trash mobs). Though comparing the variety of skills available in this game and mitsurugi it seemingly is a downgrade in the amount. Air combos seems to have the advantage in by passing trash mob guard but may leave you open upon landing. Aside from these skills your character has 3 variable finisher skills which can be activated by targetting enemies in critical conditions.There are 4 bosses in the game - 1 for each chapter.  Boss fights early game are bad in the sense that you will not have enough points to obtain the necessary combat skills to create openings to get past the bosses blocking and stagger them. Its like a game of cat and mouse in which you wait for the boss to roll the one attack animation that leaves them wide open for a long enough period for you to get in and attack. By the third boss you may already be too overpowered as you might be able to get access to 'block counter' and a 8 hit combo. Both of which make the boss fights significantly easier. So there are balancing issues - at least in normal difficulty.Not graphically amazing in terms of the  environment and fairly bland but it has a clean look to it. The main focus seems to have been put in polishing character models, animations and combat. The characters have this plastic vovaloid design to them, well at least the main character. I find that style of art okay, but others may not like this sort of anime-ish style. The graphic settings are fairly minute - you have resolution scaling, lighting effects, reflections, depth of field, AA and vsync. Nice thing to note is that the game runs at 60 FPS, complementing smooth melee play, though it is a locked.With update 1 the developers added a rebindable key option for KB players though i wish there was an option to utilize the mouse in the keyboard play. The games best played with a controller. There's also no options to rebind any buttons on the controller.This game needs serious editing for their english subtitles. I  have came across multiplie grammar and spelling errors through the small amount of cutscenes that are in this game. It is nice to mention that the game has its original Japanese voice acting, but no english voicing.The games probably only worth 5 CAD in all honesty as its pretty short so wait for a sale and only if you already have a controller readily available. I know that  there is some replay value in playing the other difficulties but not everyone is necessarily going to do that or want to do a replay. The game is about 3 - 4 hours with 4 chapters.I enjoyed the game though it was short, but everyones got their own opinions on length and enjoyment. If I feel like it ill comment on the harder difficulties."
,Recommended,665090,33996375,Posted: 3 August,all,Owoc,"The combat is well-animated, and the devs actively revise and improve the game. Be advised that it's very short, and a controller is pretty much a necessity."
76561198160868511,Recommended,665090,34324259,Posted: 18 August,all,Strayed Lynx,"Very similar to Onechambara,Metal Gear Rising,Bayonetta and Devil May Cry,the game is very good and it's price is very low,so if you're into any of the titles i've mentioned before,go for it and prepare for a good ride."
,Recommended,665090,34139157,Posted: 9 August,all,William Shakesman,"The devs have improved this game a LOT since its initial release. The end result is an indie take on Ninja Gaiden, of all things. The movesets are far simpler but the speed and aggression of the enemies is there.  This game is short, sweet, and to the point: going straight for schoolgirl swordfights and not much else and on that it delivers."
76561198047878331,Not Recommended,665090,35258474,Posted: 28 September,all,Pundee,No Anime Tiddy
,Recommended,665090,33632981,Posted: 18 July,all,Devil、神鬼莫測,"I keep my old review at the bottomI can see the sincerity of developers. They solve lots of problem within one day.But there is still some annoying problem.Let's take about the gameplay after a recent update.Shall we?First, they balanced the difficulty, I do accept this balance. I have completed this game in normal and try very hard mode.It is good now.Secondly, we can change key binding now. However, we cannot do this with the gamepad.I think the developers will add this option in the future.Then, the camera has been improved. It is obviously better now. The developers rewrite the logic within one day. I accept this current camera. It is not the best though.I think it can be a bit better.However, this game contains some flaw. As I said before, I cannot cancel my current motion with dodge if I cannot press it in extreme time.I think the developers can try to improve this. Also, I cannot dodge the electrical chain. Even the animation and the character is lower the chain. This should be better.Finally, I would like to talk about the dash attack. I dont understand what enemy would it lock. But I can sure that it doesn't select the enemy you are facing. I die servel time cuz this.I think that the sincerity of developers is the most important point. As a result, I give this game a higher mark.7.5/10 and IMAYrecommend this game. If this game can be better IMUSTrecommend it.And also, here is a quite important question I want to ask. Some people blame the developers stole theMarie Rosemodel formDead or Alive 5. Is it true?Marie Roseis one of my favorite characters. I would like to listen to the explanation from the developers.============================================================This is the old review. You can compare with currently one to understand what developer doI write this review when I am advancing this game.First, the scenes are to simple. I even though that I stood on the same roof twice.Also, I cannot even change my key binding. I cannot accept this. The default one is so hard to use. Dodge is LT + LS and the dash is LB + LS. I cannot understand it. Maybe someone would like this setting but plz, at least make it optional. Let me change it.I cannot use my D-pad in the menu as well, I can only use the LS to choose the setting. It is not a critical point though. But it makes me feel not convenient.The difficulty does not match its introduction. I have played some ARPG and HnS game before like Dark Soul and Senran Kagura. It is too difficult even I play in normal.And the most unacceptable point is the camera. It will change when you attack. I cannot see the enemy around me. I have been beaten by some attack from a blind spot. I cannot use my RS to change it. The sensitivity is too low. I think it should be optimized by our in the game. However, there is not.I don't know why I cannot cancel my currently activity when I press the dodge buttomThe combo is good, I pleasant when I beat the enemies(If I won't die from some weird attack, I will gain more fun from it) but the recovery time is long, I cannot use my next combo instantly.I like the effect in this game. It is very gorgeous.The hp will auto regenerate after cleared an area, which a good point.Also, you can buy a new skill anytime, even in a battle.- dull senses- unacceptable key binding- Too difficult- a stupid auto-lock camera- good combo- gorgeous effect- free OST- acceptable price4/10I won't recommend this game to my friend. At least before some update. If this game can be better, I will recommend it immediatelyP.S. there is a point I havent metioned yet. The enemies is sooooo quiet. they wont yell even they are attacked by a sword."
76561198040741357,Recommended,665090,35135580,Posted: 22 September,all,Othello,"The Initial is as insubstantial as the wardrobes of its characters. But it's cheap and entertaining in a an ""unwind with some mindless hack-and-slash"" kind of way. Also, the English translation is endearingly bad."
,Recommended,665090,33889359,Posted: 29 July,all,AppleShy,"This is clearly a work of passion from a small indie dev team, they deserve my respect and support.The budget may hold it back in some points, but as long as you keep that in mind and lower your expectations, it's a really fun game for what it is.  Animation quality was actually surprising in some points, combat feels pretty good and I like the OST. Also didn't expect they'd be able to hire Rie Kugimiya as a VA.Lasted me 3 hours to finish it in one sitting. Just when I was about getting sick of it, it ended, so the short time is a good thing in my book.If you felt moved by the devs messages, like I did, you won't regret your purchase. Really good game for that price, and keeping those factors into consideration."
76561198013480714,Recommended,665090,33669616,Posted: 20 July,all,[ProW]Acipenseriformes,"I definitely recommend this game. It is cheap and yet looks decent for a ''Anime'' style kind of game. It has a fun combat with a few little flaws to it but you can forgive them for it cause overall the combat is awesome. Difficulty of the game is also not to be underestimated if you play on hard.The music is awesome but could have at least 3 songs for each level to loop from instead of the same on and on.The english translation is so so but they tried I guess. I like the fact it has the original japanese synchro instead of a lame english one and just some english subtitles.Japanese is simply the best!About the story I would not give too many credits here, I personally think it's alright but could have been more content about it and more cutscenes. Especially for the main character!Other than that, go for it. It is really cheap for the content you get and looks decent enough for the price! And since I hope the developers gonna make more anime-like-stylish games, I support it!Best regards and happy cutting~ :p"
76561198041372673,Recommended,665090,33757964,Posted: 23 July,all,GlacialConker,"I played through the first level of this and decided I'd write a review on that and update it later as I play. The Initial is a hack and slash game about a girl in a skirt with one warmer missing, though that's not important. I've seen some comments say that the main girl looks like Marie Rose from DOA, I'd comment more on that, but I have no idea who that is. I will say that the game isn't localized as well as it could be. It's never really to the point that I can't understand what's supposed to be going on, but some of the dialog is a little confusing. Story seems to have taken a bit of back seat to gameplay, which is fine by me. Something about being able to create robot clones of people to fight others? It's a decent set up to just let you run around and fight in, which is probably the highlight of the game.Combat is pretty smooth and is animated well. I don't see many Hack and slash games made these days that interest me, so when I saw this one, I had to jump on it and at least try it out. You have light and heavy attacks and can alternate between them to make combos. All of the combos are not available right off the bat, as you fight you gain points to unlock combos. It's a nice little progression system and you can buy combos at any time in the pause menu. One complaint is that there isn't any lock-on. Well, there's kind of a soft lock-on, but I would have liked a dedicated button to lock-on to an enemy. Combat isn't really as in-depth as something made by Platinum Games, but it's also clear they didn't have as much money and honestly did a great job with what they could.Graphics are nice, if a little plain. The game looks good for it's price point, but I don't think it will blow anyone away. Character design is little wierd, but that might just be because it seems anime inspired and I don't watch a lot of anime. The character models themselves are good and detailed, I just don't really get the strange clothing choices. I think one of the most important things to note it that the developers seems to be listening to the reviews and updating the game constantly, which is very nice. Especially compared to something like NieR: Automata which hasn't been updated in like ever.All in all, I like what I've seen so far and will be playing through to the end.Edit: Now that I've beat the game, I'll update the review. It's a fairly short game at around 2 1/2 hours to beat, but I can see myself playing through it again once or twice to unlock skills and play on a higher difficulty. What I wrote above stays mostly true throughout the game. Localization could definitely use some work, but I still got the story. Boss fights were a little difficult, but once you get the idea of how each boss operates, it's not too hard. Updates are still being relased that make the game combat flow better and it really shows how much the developers are listeing and want to make the game better. I hope the game does well and that the developers can get more of a budget for the next game they make. I'll be keeping an eye on them to see what else they do."
76561198103538522,Recommended,665090,34728069,Posted: 3 September,all,xingying94guo,"Exciting game! The combat feels very smooth after a little bit practice. Character models look fine, too."
76561198160166405,Recommended,665090,33792733,Posted: 25 July,all,Sco0m0,"Decent game, but the targeting is sometimes stupid. You may be sprinting towards an enemy, do a targeted strike and it will cause you to do a 180 and hit someone behing you. WTF. Also not being abel to controle the camera independently to your character is anoying. Another thing is that it feels as if you are glued to enemys and it is awkward to break away."
,Recommended,665090,33658054,Posted: 19 July,all,RAZERKhas,"It's a hack and slash game, it's good for it's price. Didn't have much time to play for long, but finished chapter 1. It's mechanics feel very good, nice enviroments, it's bosses are kinda hard even on the easiest difficulty, so beware of that :)Overall, I would recommend it if you like this type of games and for that price. Kudos, a nice game & a nice price."
76561198097448318,Recommended,665090,33712655,Posted: 21 July,all,M.Kyrielight,"To me, the only issue of this game is no lock-on system, that's a big big problem for players to follow their camera perspectives.  But generally, the quality of this game is perfect, coz it's only made by 5 developers !!!"
,Not Recommended,665090,35123567,Posted: 22 September,all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"If you were expecting the fluidity shown in the videos, then keep looking. Stiff movement, janky combos, a nigh-useless camera;The Initialdisappoints hard.The sad part is?The InitialCOULD be good; this is an ambitious game, visually impressive for an indie title. An adorable protagonist despite her derivative nature. Music? Totally kicks♥♥♥♥♥ These positive qualities, however, can't save it from failing in the most crucial departments. Nothing can.My advice? Stick withSenran Kagura. You'll be doing yourself a favor."
76561198073088368,Recommended,665090,33895641,Posted: 29 July,all,The Silent One,"I just finished this game a few minutes ago on a Steam and I have to say that this game is extremely fun to play through. The controls were extremely responsive and the techniques (even though there are limited techinques) are very powerful and nice to look at.In my opinion, this game would have been better if you had a larger character roster to play as or if there were more techniques to use at your disposal.But for a team of 5 developers, this like I said before is extremely fun and I hope there is a sequel (with possible multiplayer)"
,Not Recommended,665090,35141799,Posted: 22 September,all,PrimeSonic,"Really amature and unpolished.Other reviews will point out how it's really short too, only about 5 hours of gameplay before simply replaying stages.For me, I really couldn't find a reason to keep playing it after barely an hour since it was just so repetitive and clunky.I've played my fair share of action games before and this one leaves so much to be desired.My guess is that it's a first attempt by a small studio.Hopefully they'll keep getting better because while there is promise, I can't honestly recommend it to anyone looking for a good action game. There's better ones out there for not a lot more money."
76561198116571341,Recommended,665090,33654669,Posted: 19 July,all,Sparda,"For those having controller problems: try configuring your controller in Big Picture Mode and setting the specific controller specs to the game itself. When I first tried the game, almost all of the buttons were at a random place, most backwards. Dash forward was set to the start button, and R2/RT brought up the Pause Menu. I've only tried training thus far, so this is not (yet) a review. If this helps, great. If not, I tried. Good luck."
76561198121668860,Recommended,665090,33680628,Posted: 20 July,all,pringles,"Great fighting mechanics, cute school girls, minimalistic plot:just slash, slash, slash... Awesome game for that price.P.S. Guys if you expect a rich story - welcome to Witcher 3, Rise of the Tomb Raider, etc."
76561198146551239,Recommended,665090,33896685,Posted: 29 July,all,Hiseke ヒセケ,"A wonderful game, as I speak as a customer I believe I fully received what I was buying. I got an action-packed loads of fun hack n slash combat. If only my computer had better specs to run I'd love to play this game on the highest graphics. Unfortunately my computer is not at that era.Now for the actual review:Graphics (9/10):With the animations and graphics I'm astonished in how much these people have done with a budget not that huge. I am fully supporting and rooting this team for their work and willing to buy another piece of their work in the future. I believe that they fully delivered what a user would want in an ""anime"" hack n slash game.Gameplay (9/10):I have played a few hack n slash on PC so these controls are great considering that my experience was able to easily grasp controls of the game. I believe that this team did a great job in creating the combat mechanics.Music (10/10):I could really get hooked into their music. I simply loved it playing in the background as well as their theme song was addictable. [These are simply my preferences]Overall (9/10):I believe that these people did an amazing job with what they had. To create something like this is an outstanding feat in it's own. I fully anticipate great things for the future of these people as I enjoyed playing their work.Those of you unsure of getting the game. Just give it a try, it'll be a blast if you've never played an ""anime"" hack n slash game. For those of you who are veterans at hack n slash, I reccomend as well.P.S. the only problem you'll have in this game is your lack of patience (That is only if you have a short temper)"
76561198041010752,Not Recommended,665090,35340903,Posted: 30 September,all,Captain Destructo,"The game seems pretty damn good. It is hard to play on PC without a controller.Basically, its a good game, but a bad port. It would be good if you have a controller for PC, but otherwise, I would pass."
76561198146522541,Recommended,665090,33817571,Posted: 26 July,all,khermerker,"ok the game is fine ... but well is not a good game actually i mean.. if you are thinking on a great experience vs price then, its passable... still i recommend thinking that compared to others games that have more money do it not so great... well i will start the good things. Btw i have so few hours cause this type of game, usually have a bad start and is fine.. if they keep working maybe will be a good company in a future... that is the thing i want help. (I bought late ... cause fate game come soon.. dont know how much money i could have.. but i could bought too)the hack and slash is well done, evade and block is good made and evade is a must on game. The enemies Ai is fine in terms of how they move and attack, that is they will attack you and move in a way that will make you a hard time. the speed on combat is fine and the design is good too..Controls.. well i use xbox and is good really good ... so if you have xbox controller then you will have a good place to play a low budget game.gameplay is fine but well lack story.. that is... well just play for enjoy game.. if want better story... go somewhere else... (bayoneta for example).Bad things... well camera is not so good... actually have to turn off camera follow to play well... also speed on walk is just .. too slow... you can run easy.. still i dont want press run buttom when im fighting ....cause a turtle is more faster...The desing is not so good either, well is not bad but lacks more ""live"" just know looks like a robots...."
,Recommended,665090,33925581,Posted: 31 July,all,ForestDragon,This game is beautiful! An instant classic!
76561197973948838,Recommended,665090,33896166,Posted: 29 July,all,Xoxile,"I must have this soundtrack. Now. Please.Oh yeah, and it's a really fun game."
76561198039864956,Recommended,665090,33676948,Posted: 20 July,all,Radical Catfish,"Pretty fun if you are into hack and slash games, looks pretty good aswell.Price is very fair and I definitely think its worth the money."
,Recommended,665090,34132186,Posted: 9 August,all,Jambatti,"Game about cute grils fighting eachother, and no combat voiceover, not even clothing destruction like in Senran Kagura or in Megadimension? I disapprove. Overall - a good slasher with cute girs. Yea, thats pretty much all this game can offer.However, i will not give this game negative review for the sole purpose of not discouraging Japanese devs to bring their games to the west. There is a lot of intersting titles that was released Japan-exclusively, but i hope this will change now."
,Recommended,665090,33627192,Posted: 18 July,all,SyrFlova,amazing for an indie game...just try this and turn out fine...Hack n slash fast pace... a bit hard to play without controller...and the main heroine voiced by a well known VA Rie Kugimiya
76561198027863771,Not Recommended,665090,33758072,Posted: 23 July,all,Concerned Black Father,"The controls feel really stiff, the combos are really boring and it doesn't feel very good.These three factors combined made my only half hour play session with this game feel like it was an eternity.It might get better later but I dont think that it was worth playing to even find out.Im convinced the best thing you will get out of this game are the pantyshots and considering all the games in this genre those are also pretty so-so.I get that it is only 10 dollars but I think you would be better off buying just about anything else."
,Recommended,665090,35148981,Posted: 23 September,all,Asami Lilith,Best Game!!!
,Recommended,665090,33754549,Posted: 23 July,all,A2,Hack and slash beat-em-up mixed with pretty schoolgirls f*ck yeahAlso panty shots
76561198209760825,Not Recommended,665090,35070863,Posted: 19 September,all,yuyuhellscythe,"9.19.17 - No mouse support.The game is working well. I haven't had any problems installing or getting the game running (for the few short minutes I played it). I do not recommend this game because of the lack of mouse support. It does support the use of a keyboard. I feel less like I'm playing an action game and more like I'm playing the piano. The default layout for the keyboard doesn't really allow for good camera control. Left hand you're controlling movement. Right hand you're controlling attacks. Unless I grow another arm controlling the camera this way is out of the question. Controller support is also available and recommended by most. However I feel more immersed playing with the keyboard and mouse combo.- No online co-op (being able to play with friends would be amazing as well)9.24.17 - Completed easy and normal difficulty.- Content is lacking. I would prefer more freedom. There is nearly nothing in existance and enemys spawn in waves as you enter the next area. Objects, obstacles, health and energy items would be a nice addition maybe breakable objects with rewards inside. The world seems very flat with nothing to be found. The money you earn to buy skills (very few skills) once complete there is no use for it.- Jumping gaps feels very limited. While jumping straight up gives you quite a bit of height you lack horizonal movemnt. Sprint + Jump doesn't seem to increase the horizontal distance you can leap. To get maximum distance horizontally you have to jump, jump, block (air dash).- Auto targeting. While this is a nice feature because I can't aim with the camera it takes away from my control and I'm left feeling like the computer is playing for me.- Unique skill. This is over powered one shot kill everything thats not a boss. Also I'm not doing anything computer is doing all the work.- Execution. Strong attack while an enemy has red sparks coming off of them. This also feels lacking I have no control over the execution or which animation it does.- Enemy grab. No way to break free unless you use unique skill.- Overall Conclusion at this point in time is the game is very short and fun to play. I like the fast paced hack and slash. This is not something most people will spend more than few hours playing if they can live with the controls and camera."
,Recommended,665090,33770281,Posted: 24 July,all,KerriGan,游戏发售初期大量差评。一段时间没有什么更新居然就特别好评了？可能早期评价的都是早早拿到key的高端玩家眼光略高吧。或许我们可以给国产游戏一个机会而不是因为国产就天生嘲讽脸。然后说游戏本身。普通难度通关，本人手残就不同什么困难了。作为一款很正统的动作游戏，基于连招和即时闪避格挡，和其他此类游戏一样，搓招击打还是颇为爽快。BGM还是可以但有些单调。招式平衡有点儿问题，最后boss站在原地无限格挡就过了。剧情就是没有剧情。。钉宫老师的台词有点儿少诶。打完第一章以为要过一段剧情，然而总共两句话，我当时真是一脸懵逼。再有，前俩boss是帅哥就放一条生路，第三个boss是妹子就手起刀落？？？？好气啊，难道这是要表达女人的嫉妒心咯？？？游戏整体中规中矩，不过鉴于这个价格以及考虑到游戏开发团队，当然还是推荐了。
76561198040379908,Not Recommended,665090,33888547,Posted: 29 July,all,battledragon1959,This game looked fun and cute... But it was totaly unplayable with keyboard or my xbox controller...
,Not Recommended,665090,35126940,Posted: 22 September,all,Blubby,"you know when I heard of this game I got pretty excited, as a fan of character action games (like DMC, MGR, Bayo etc) I was really craving a new game to sink my teeth in, but I may never know if this game is that.while the combat is somewhat enjoyable IT'S REALLY HARD TO TELL SO. what I mean by that is, THE CONTROLLER SUPPORT FOR THIS GAME IS COMPLETE♥♥♥♥♥using either an Xbox controller or a DS4 is like ripping teeth, dead buttons, or button that do three different things that you are practically forced to use a keyboard and for me that's unwieldy as ♥♥♥♥. and you can't map things to the mouse which at least would have made it bareable (like in the DMC reboot, which is sad that a game is less bearable the DMC reboot)I've hardly played this game (18 mintues atm) and I don't think I will anymore unless they fix the game."
76561198155639568,Recommended,665090,33695985,Posted: 21 July,all,kanna kamui,need more skill and story
,Not Recommended,665090,33845692,Posted: 27 July,all,Topo,Boring and repetitive.
76561198000574093,Not Recommended,665090,33663689,Posted: 19 July,all,Trippingghost,"eh i would avoid this, it looks alright but the menu and combat look and feel kinda bad. there is better games that do this type of thing way better. also they need a better translater and they need to proofread all the text. if u think my grammer is bad this game is worse."
,Recommended,665090,33876882,Posted: 29 July,all,Dysoth,.
,Not Recommended,665090,33761225,Posted: 24 July,all,`MetsuEviL,"The game is great and everything but the support of the ds4 controllers doesnt really work well, the buttons configuration of the game is bad.  when i change inputs for the controller it doubles the (X) button for light attack.  so basically there isnt an (A) button.  And when i use (RT) the game itself consider it as a (START) button ... and the jump button is the (SELECT) button... weird..  the buttons for the controller is all **** up.  they have every button besides (A) button."
,Recommended,665090,33622200,Posted: 17 July,all,-NightRaid-,After playing NieR: Automata (and still playing it) it's hard to find a hack and slash game that pick my interest but this game is great and also with a hot MC (Yeeeiii) the hard difficulty is great. The price is right. Hot chicks everywhere! Congrats developers you did a great job.HOT MC with sword killing others hot chicks spilling blood while showing her panties = SOLD.
76561198345924963,Not Recommended,665090,35171583,Posted: 23 September,all,TaurielZ,I have to say that this game is suck. I came for the voice actors but I'm totally discussed by this game. This camera is just a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the keyboard too. I thought this game might not be a good option for pc gamers.
76561198032073131,Not Recommended,665090,35066897,Posted: 19 September,all,☣Kekskuchen☣,game only has 5 levelsstory: 2/10gameplay: 3/10animation: 1/10graphics: 6/10
76561198217407783,Recommended,665090,33623028,Posted: 17 July,all,Abyss Watcher,Man Tnis game is really.. awesome. its like nier automata little bit. Btw i make video about the game gameplay on youtubehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArIzWSl4X1A&feature=youtu.be
,Recommended,665090,33622178,Posted: 17 July,all,GODFΛLL,"Much harder than Dark Souls, extremely fast paced, graphics are nice and sharp and animations are fluid and stylish"
,Not Recommended,665090,33623050,Posted: 17 July,all,Endangered Cerecopter,"The first time I gave anime a chance and oh god was this the wrong one to start with, it lured me in cause I liked ICEY looked similar but ICEY is way better than this. First off there are barely and sound effects in the game at all, second the hitreg is not present any where in this game. By the time I noticed I been hit by enemies they already took off a lot of my health bar. That leads into the third point the enemies can stunlock you, there are NO I Frames, meaning if they all attack at once you take full damage and no chance of recovery. There's a reason most fighting games have I Frames. I'm sorry, but the is just terrible NOT RECOMMENDED."
76561198142433450,Not Recommended,665090,33735460,Posted: 22 July,all,BM10X,"This game is bad, plain and simple.The hack and slash concept is cool but it feels super clunky and the only real redeeming value of this game for some would be the panty shots BUT even that cannot save this crap game.Uh hello, garbage can, can I join you?Garbage can: No, even I don't want you around, The Initial.Story was Okay but nothing else about this game even stands out.  Just another waste of money to get lost in the clutter."
,Not Recommended,665090,33641312,Posted: 18 July,all,Pastor,They stole marie rose.
,Recommended,665090,33619407,Posted: 17 July,all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Recommended,665090,33747128,Posted: 23 July,all,Zooism,"I love this game!! The combat is really fun, movset reminds me of a flashier Ninja Gaiden.  If you like to pickup a title with swift combat and not worry about platforming, or puzzle solving this is a great way to spend some time.  The only issue that I had was that the manual camera was a tad slow, but the Devs patched it Day 1.  They have also incorporated a lot of thoughts from the community through patches.   I really do enjoy this game for what it is, and wanted to give props to the Devs for ""The Initial""."
,Recommended,665090,33665416,Posted: 19 July,all,Caboose,"Now that my controller is actually working, the game has been incredibly fun."
76561198091344276,Recommended,665090,35112572,Posted: 21 September,all,BruteForceEquilibrium,"The story is short and not very interesting. Level design is walking/flying from one room to the next, but they did a great job with changing the atmosphere between places. I like the combat and feedback I get when I smash my enemies to pieces. The attack-combos keep the game interesting even after finishing the campaign. Playing with controller. Music is good."
,Recommended,665090,35080541,Posted: 20 September,all,Usui,NICE GAME.MUST HAVE CONTROLLER. NO CONTROLLER DONT BUY
,Recommended,665090,35321892,Posted: 29 September,all,jadejupiter29,"So i just got this game for 8$, so i saved 2$ because it was on sale and i have to say ITS SOO GOOOD!!!!If you love anime and hack and slash games THEN GET IT!!the only down side is that you REALLY need a xbox/ps4 controller to play it, tho a keyboard is ok but not great."
76561198326997257,Recommended,665090,35353819,Posted: 30 September,all,ShowyEnd,Very good game a dlc will be awesome
,Not Recommended,665090,35426135,Posted: 2 October,all,nakkinyan,"I can't recommend this game due to the lack of support.  I had a problem with the controller, it can be dealt with, but the issue ws the devs never responding to my request to have them assist in fixing the issue so it wouldn't require an ugly hack making the computer think the controller was a keyboard.  I gave them a week to respond and then returned the game when they didn't."
76561198141074732,Not Recommended,665090,35439390,Posted: 3 October,all,天野秋~,单调无味
,Recommended,665090,35432636,Posted: 2 October,all,Xaffire,This hack N' slash game is very remeniscent of Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae which I own. However this game is much more than that each level is unique and well made. The execution kills look amazing and had me on edge of my seat for the short time playing. Although Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae was a good game this game is even better its MKH on steroids.Pros:Good QualitySet DifficultyCan See PantiesCons:Needs More Blood.
