user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,668210,35088631,Posted: 20 September,all,kylesnooze,"I remember when Brad was working on the first FPM game and discussing it in the Albino Black Sheep IRC and on AIM (throwback), it blew my mind away and really defined how good flash games could be at the time. Anyway, happy to purchase, and from what I've played so far, it's definitely worth the price gameplaywise and considering all the free editions of the series he's made in the past.In short, if you want to relive your childhood/teenage years growing up on the internet, just go ahead and buy it. It's cheap enough that you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,668210,35128696,Posted: 22 September,all,ScaryHoggin,"A delightfully nostalgic adventure that left me wanting more.As someone who played the original 3 FancyPants Adventures on Newgrounds, seeing this filled my inner 13 year old with glee.The control is spot in, the physics are fun, and a lot of the new additions are welcome. The level designs are all very free flowing and encourage your parkour sensibilities to a high degree, especially when it comes to seeking out Challenge rooms with new hats and pants are all a fun little addition, even if they are purely cosmetic.I was a little disappointed with the length of the game after blasting through it for 2 hours straight, as well as noticing the enemy variety drop halfway through, but for what I experience, it was a pleasant little ride back through simpler times of old flash game fun."
,Recommended,668210,35088846,Posted: 20 September,all,[L7] aswanson,"Super Fancy Pants Adventure is such a great game: crisp controls, smooth gameplay, and such a joy to play. Inkboarding is just the coolest thing ever! The extra polish and shine really shows; thanks, Brad!"
,Recommended,668210,35200929,Posted: 25 September,all,Spookdles,"Everyone seems  to be complaining about the simplistic graphics, but they don't realise the game is supposed to look simplistic because it's supposed to be on a notebook.good game"
,Recommended,668210,35165514,Posted: 23 September,all,Karma is Edgy,"I remember a long time ago my dad and I were looking at different games online to play. We were playing i believe shopping cart hero when this game called Fancy Pants was reccomended to us. We clicked on it and played and had so much fun, then we played the second one, and we quickly became overjoyed at this game. Then a few years later Fancy Pants 3 came out and we had so much fun (and game rage) playing together. I remember we were stuck on the second to last level for about 2-3 weeks until we finally did it. Now I am happy to see a new Fancy Pants game out with great, new mechanics and wonderful visuals for a 2D game. I definately would  reccomend this to anyone looking for whole hearted fun. I hope you enjoy this spin on a classic! And as always, thanks Brad!-Karma"
76561198259988601,Recommended,668210,35172591,Posted: 23 September,all,MechanicCave,"Super fancy pants Adventure is a platform game which has really smooth movement and parkour. It's the fourth entry in a series of Flash games on the internet called The Fancy Pants Adventures.TLDR; I really loved the game but it felt to me more like an early access title than a full-fledged title.Pros:- Extremely smooth platforming! I mean it.- The combat system is pretty good, with Fancy Pants man being able to stomp and slide through enemies with his own platforming abilities before finishing them off with a selection of his pencil attacks.- The customisation is great, with the player being able to choose a multitude of pants and hats to wear- Throughout the game the player recieves upgrades to his pencil, first upgrading it to a fountain pen, then to the ability to use new attacks like dashing, spinning around like a buzz saw, and shooting ink from it like a machine gun among others.- The art style is very unique. It may looks bland, but it fits in with the whole theme of the game being set in a cartoon world.- The bosses require thinking in order to defeat them, unlike just running around slicing at their faces.- There are a ton of challenges in the game that start out relatively simple, but near the end get HARD. Not just from the amount of enemies, but in the changes in direction and speed you need to make, sometimes in mid air, and the reflexes you need. They are also pretty hard to find and get to, meaning you need to explore every part of the world and leave no stone unturned!- Great music that never gets boring! I especially liked the music in Squiggleville Plains.Cons:- Short. Like really, really short. The game is about 1-2 hours long, and some of the levels are about an entire screen long. Plus, at the end of the final boss fight, (SPOILER ALERT), you're given a ""To be continued..."" with not even anything to answer why you've been fighting those ink blob thingos the whole time. I'm hoping that the developer Brad Borne is going to add the rest of the story in a future update and not post it as another game.- The enemy design cuts back to ink blobs about 30 minutes into the game and that's how it stays. There's no explanation on what happened to the spiders and ninjas you've been fighting for the past few levels, and the ink blobs can't be stomped on or slided into, which turns the mid-air parkour fighting style you've been doing into a simple game of spam the attack button.- The game doesn't tell you what to do at the start of the game (In case your wondering the controls are arrow keys and A and S to jump and attack respectively.) I only knew that because I played the original games on the developer's website.- There isn't a menu. Every time you start the game it launches straight in. It's not really a con but I was a tad bit annoyed that you can't select level from a menu or choose to restart the level like in earlier games. About 3/4 in you get a map to go through earlier worlds, but it's not the same since you can't choose the exact place and find the challenge rooms you missed easily, although the map does tell you in which world you missed them.- When you change colour/pattern of your pants, the colour and pattern of the health bar will change too. I noticed that after you upgrade your health, if you're wearing certain styles of pants the patterns will stop at certain points of your health, leaving just a white portion of your health bar against how much damage you've taken.Overall though, I enjoyed the game but I think that it feels like an early access game since there's no ending to it, and things like a menu and a tutorial are missing from it. Hopefully these will be changed in future updates but for now, I'd give this game about 8/10.If no updates come and a few years from now Ultra Fancy Pants Adventure comes out I'm going to be mad though..."
,Recommended,668210,35094345,Posted: 20 September,all,Headphones ♫ ♩d(-_-)b♪♬,"Amazing platformer that gives you absolute freedom of movement.Loved this game series ever since world 1 (especially that sick♥♥♥♥♥theme to The Fancy Pants Adventures), and I am glad to see this game finally come to steam in an all new installment.Pros:Freedom of movementFun ChallengesCollectiblesCons:Occasional/minor bugs, like when you disconnect your controller on accident the game crashesThis may not be that much of a con but the lack of local co-op is sort of deppressing. It was really fun to play co-op and challenges with online and local co-op on The Fancy Pants Adventures, it would be great to see that again, maybe in an update :DIf you are into platformers that add atwistand make movementexcitingto play around with alone, then I highly recommend this game. Heck! I highly recommend this game to everyone!"
76561198134904752,Recommended,668210,35170018,Posted: 23 September,all,Contiello,"This was a great flash game years ago, and its been refined even further for the Steam release all the years later. It's a great platformer, and if you liked the origionals, you'll like this one."
,Recommended,668210,35095786,Posted: 20 September,all,Mr.Tape,My childhood has come to steam!Very creative and very fun! I want to see more!
76561198316177766,Not Recommended,668210,35204730,Posted: 25 September,all,Dastanovich,"Well, this is a pretty big dissapointment.I first played ""Fancy Pants"" back in 2009 with ""World 1"" on""armorgames.com"". It was my first ever flash game and I thought the game was perfect back in the day. Great controls, great music and great level design. Then ""World 2"" came out and it was a huge improvement over the original. Even better controls, more levels, and an actual story (well kinda). After that ""World 3"" came out and it was even bigger and better than ""World 2"". A real storyline, better level aesthetics, a brand new weapon (pencil), new challenge rooms. Overall the original trilogy was perfect and if you want to know what's the best way to experience it, go buy ""Fancy Pants Adventure"", it has Remixed ""World 1"", ""World 2"" and ""World 3"", more levels, over 130+ customizations and more modes. So why am I saying all this? Because after 5 year long hiatus we finally got ""World 4"" and sadly, ""World 4"" or ""Super Fancy Pants Adventure"" is just ok. It's not great, it's not bad, it's just okay...Pro's:- The controls are better than ever. they're much smoother and much more refined than in the previous games.- New gimmicks like ink riding, grinding, ink shooting are actually really fun.- New challenges are great. They're fast, they test your reflexes and most importantly - they're not boring.Con's:- The game is really really short. Like I beated it in 1.2 hours, how is it even possible that ""World 4"" is shorter than ""World 3""? What did Brad say in the description of the game -- ""So many levels! - 56 brand new levels of parkour platforming"". More like 6 levels of platforming and 56 screen transitions. I think that is what he meant.- Do you remember all the old enemies like spiders, mices and bats? Well say goodbye to them because they only appear for one level, after that we're introduced to the new enemies - ""Ink monsters"". You can no longer slide or jump at them since you'll get hurt now. Instead the only way you can kill them is with the new weapon - the pen (which permanently replaces the old pencil). Which means you have to always stop just to destroy them and clear the path which is slow and tedious.- Where are the level themes? Back in previous games you had underground lair, islands, forests, pirate ship. In ""World 4"", you have only 2 level themes, and it's pirate forest and a volcano. Everything else is just a bunch of colorful platforms and blocks, like in some places it looks even more bland than ""World 1"". Brad also added the new layer mechanic in which you'll be jumping from one layer to another using springs and portals which sounds cool and it is. BUT sometimes (and sometimes means 90% of the time) the layers are either poorly rendered, created in a really low resolution, or have intense artifacting which makes them look really ugly.- The soundtrack is ok. In some moments it sounded good while in other cases it sounded like something you would hear in college ads. Also, no returning music except the pirate ship theme, but really who cares?- Where's the content, no really where is it? ""20+ items""? ""Fancy Pants Adventure"" had 130+ items. Only hats and pants, but where are all the patterns for pants from ""World 1 Remix""? Where is the weapon customization? Where's the skateboard gimmick? Where's the day/night mechanic? Where's is the remixed ""World 1"", ""World 2"" and ""World 3""? Where's the multiplayer, ""Fancy Box"", the level editor, the hub-world like every single ""Fancy Pants"" game, the racing mini-game, the ""Smash Bros"" - like mode? Where is it?!In the end, ""Super Fancy Pants Adventure"" is a good platformer, but not a good ""Fancy Pants"" game. I suggest you either wait for a pricedrop, or wait until Brad will add more content to it, and I sure hope he will, because this game has a lot of potential."
76561198121010367,Recommended,668210,35218771,Posted: 26 September,all,Raider,I used to play this series on Newgrounds back in the day. Great platformer with fun mechanics.
,Not Recommended,668210,35092358,Posted: 20 September,all,ZDanielHallG,"I just beat the game in 1.1 hours. also i just want to say i'm a huge fan of the previous games and especially the one on xbox. Let's talk about the things the game advertises on the store page.-So many levels! - 56 brand new levels of parkour platformingthere is a total of about 8 ""worlds"" and each of them is divided up into like 6 rooms. none of the art really changes throughout the worlds and they are super short. to me it felt like there was 8 levels. its like they took every single time you got a checkpoint and called it a level. some of the ""levels"" literally fit on one screen.-Collections! - Over 20 pants and hats to collect in brand new challenge stagesthe last game let you collect Hat's, Pants, and swords. and there were 141 total items iirc. ""Over 20!"" wow that is really underwhelming. I didn't really feel incentivised to even collect them. I did a few challenge stages and then just avoided them the rest of the game.-Incredible Hand-drawn Style - Frame-by-frame animated worlds, enemies, and friendsthe animations for fancy pants man were pretty good however the general enviorment art was inceridbly lazy. Every level is just one or two colors (watch the trailer again) with plenty of reused assets over and over again. the main enemy was a blob which i feel was only picked because its so damn easy to animate. and also they stripped down some of fancy pants moves which i feel could have just been to do less animating. it's sad that ""hand drawn"" is becoming an excuse for just not doing that much.-Hack-and-slash - Wield your mighty ink pen to take down new threats!not much to say here. the combat was really bland you just tap attack over and over. even the boss fights were super bland you just press attack at a different time then usual. however i will say the xbox game also had this issue. it tends to just be easier to skip enimes throughout the whole game since you can literally jump over anyone.-New Moves! - Take control of Fancy Pants man with brand new combos and movesso yeah there is this upgrade shop and you can buy 3 different sword moves one of which was just a default in the last game. they are completley uneccacary and i actually beat the game before i was able to afford any of them. they don't help they are just to give a false sense of progression it feels.Secret Challenge Stages - Scattered throughout the world are secret doors to incredibly challenging bonus stages, awarding awesome prizeslike i mentioned earlier these just have pants in them. i started avoidnig them pretty quickly they weren't fun.-60fps gameplay - Perfectly smooth running for a perfectly smooth platformerniceOther miscallaneous issues-overall just bad platforming. sometimes the camera couldnt keep up very well causing you to jump off a cliff. lots of poorly telegraphed jumps or platforms that would move unexpectedly. the same color platform could move up or left and it cause a lot of dumb deaths. there is one room where you are going bottom to top and if you mess up you just fall lto the bottom instead of dying really annoying. lots of stuff like that plus a few bad hitboxes on walls causing you to miss easy jumps.-they completley ruined walljumping. you no longer choose what direction you jump off the wall. the tutorial says they did it because it is ""easier"" but it just gives you less control over the character and makes cheap deaths. how is it easier to not let me control where i go. this game doesnt let a good player be good.-no multiplayer ;/Literally the game is just worse then the old one that you can play for free online except for this one is 10 dollars. if we are comparing them this one has 60 fps and controller support. the online one has actual levels with actual art, 141 items, more then 10 lines of dialouge, and a ton more.i mean where is all the charm?? the old games had all those little jokes in the background and tons of things to do in every level. the old house has the litrtle animated celine fan and fish and pictures and stuff. this new house is literally empty. NOTHING. white walls.-Where swimming???-awkward soundtrack with really awkward transitionsanyway the best way to play would be on an xbox 360 but 2nd best goes to playing the free online one. this game was underwhelming an not worth 1 dollar."
76561198203291094,Recommended,668210,35152084,Posted: 23 September,all,СCCB 🌈🌦️♥,"This game is too fancy to be true.I kinda miss the wallclimb and swimming, though. (Fingers crossed for a  free update)10€ for this? Is it worth it? Definitely.Edit 1:I hope somehow Brad can include other Fancy Pants games in this title.I'm speaking about 5 games:FPA1FPA2FPA3FPA1: Remix (hopefully extended)Fancy Pants SnowboardingAnd tutorial levels!!!"
,Recommended,668210,35312423,Posted: 29 September,all,NefariousDrH,"A bit short, but this is Fancy Pants Man's most ambitious (and challenging) adventure yet!"
,Recommended,668210,35223640,Posted: 26 September,all,Raxo,Still holds up
,Recommended,668210,35097385,Posted: 20 September,all,Hex Flareheart,"Ooooh man. This was a complete and total surprise, and I didn't even know this game existed until literally the day it released. But boy am I not disappointed that I found out.First of all, an admission- I am probably biased, because I played some of the older Flash-based Fancy Pants games. That out of the way......this game is awesome. The Fancy Pants games have always been about smooth, and incredibly intuitive platforming. And some defying of the laws of physics, but that's par for the course in platformers. You don't get a double jump, but rolling, sliding, wall jumps, and all sorts of other things are available, and are very easy to grasp... although I'd strongly recommend playing with a controller rather than a keyboard unless you change the controls a bit. The default keyboard controls are a bit awkward.New to this game (I think) is, well, a weapon. Starts as a pencil, then you replace it with a pen to let you essentially 'inkboard' around on giant panels, which is not only a lot of fun but also massively increases the possibilities when it comes to platforming, and it's later upgraded to shoot (a little wonky but it works fine for the situations it's required for), and then to let you perform ink dashes. Altogether, it's a pretty simple-to-use weapon, but there's not many things as satisfying as performing a home run with a spider.It IS worth noting, it'll probably take you about 2-3 hours to complete the main story, so it's a touch short, but there's a lot of challenges to complete, and all sorts of hidden stuff to find- and you can go back for it pretty easily. The boss battles are a touch basic, but the final boss is actually quite fun. Not to mention, the platforming itself is also really fun in general. Ultimately, although the game overall is a bit short, I'd still say it's worth your ten bucks.Especially with the music and incredible art. Seriously, I wish I could see how this looks in 4K. There's a LOT of work put into this game, and it shows."
76561198261038549,Recommended,668210,35137961,Posted: 22 September,all,Art3mis,"This game is wonderful. Maybe it is a little bit driven by nostalgia of the old flash game, but it is undeniable that this game's art and movement is very satisfying, and that it is just a joy to play"
,Recommended,668210,35205630,Posted: 25 September,all,MetriK,"Never write reviews for games but this game is amazing.  Saw a speedrun for it and remembered all of the fun I had playing the flash version in school.  This game has all of the fast paced, fluid movement that I remember from back in the day with the addition of weapon upgrades, additional movement options, and an enjoyable (although short) storyline.  Overall the game was quite easy, but that is what I wanted out of a Super Fancy Pants game.  This isn't meant to be any sort of overused ""dark souls"" type of game where you die 48 times trying to figure out one jump.  Every section of the game challenges you slightly differently and you have the option of the health/weapon upgrades as a way to either increase or decrease the difficulty to your liking.  100% reccommend and I look forward to speedrunning this game in the near future!"
,Recommended,668210,35166164,Posted: 23 September,all,ZenmanDesigner,"I'm going to outright list a few things here before I review unless you're THAT guy who wants to scroll to the bottom for a TL;DR, I'll put one at the bottom, you lazy person you. First off:1. I am a huge fan of the Fancy Pants Series2. I finished the game all the way to completion3. I hadn't played the game in a long timeSuper Fancy Pants Adventires is a fun and exciting game to play, and it is something I think anyone from all ages can enjoy. The best way I can some it up is that it's a momentum platformer game, with Hack and Slash elements that build off of what was experienced at the end of Fancy Pants 3. Yes I said Fancy Pants 3, there are a lot of games out there already, and I recommend checking them out. The game isn't that long once you get the mechanics down, it's a very simple combo system, but the game adds new things throughout your playthrough that make it more interesting. There are hidden easter eggs, and challenges that allow you to collect fancy hats and pants. The challenges are designed to teach you about certain tricks when platforming, or attacking, which I think is pretty cool.I also want to say, from what I've seen of my playthrough, I don't think this is an entire game, as some parts of the map seem incomplete, or some things look like they are designed to be interacted with, but were never made to, mechanics wise, I think it's really worth it, as people can have fun for hours on end, even in a smaller area that the maps provide, as running through again, isn't boring, as once you have all the abillites, you can find new ways to make your way around the map, and sometimes find challenges you couldn't see before.TL;DRIt's a fun platformer, if albeit a bit short, I do think more content is going to be added at a later date though, which has got me excited for what's in store for the rest of the game. If you want to wait for more, then that's fine I totally understand that, but I do want to say that the gameplay is really worth it, even if the game isn't that long."
,Recommended,668210,35095930,Posted: 20 September,all,The goddamn gameman,"Fancy Pants Man has come a long way since his humble beginnings on Newgrounds and now he's stepping into the big leagues.  If you're a fan of platformers you'll definitely enjoy this one and the way it controls, letting you perform stylish platforming moves that flow together so well!"
76561198060213004,Recommended,668210,35092765,Posted: 20 September,all,Buszeg,"The game is really good, I'm just finishing it, but I really think it's too short for 10$.Super Fancy Pants Adventure is super simple and pretty short. Each level includes the main path and a bonus challenge for an item. They are sometimes special ways to get to some challenges and they are really nice, but that's all. Remember what the previous worlds were. I personally loved the idea of putting the snail in a specific area and getting the pants colour as a reward. And don't forget about super secret location, barely visible areas, like holes in the walls etc. etc. Maybe there is something like that in the game, I don't know, maybe it's hidden too well, but I've been looking for details like that, so I dunno.I can see a lot of effort put into this game, and I really like it, but it feels empty. I'm ready to give it a positive opinion, but there's so much more potential to expand that concept."
,Recommended,668210,35092033,Posted: 20 September,all,Sebb01,"Wow, the new Splatoon game looks kinda weird and flat....Okay jokes aside, I've known Fancy Pants since I was a little child and seeing this warms my heart.This game keeps the charm of the old games while adding a bunch of new fun stuff. The momentum physics are really fun, the new Inkboarding is a fantastic feature and the Ink gun is also a great addition. As I'm writing this I'm only roughly one and a half hours into the game and I'm already having a lot of fun.The Soundtrack is no exception, really nice to listen to.Overall, I can recommend this game to everybody that wants a fun platformer. If you're already a fan of Fancy Pants, this is a must-have and it's worth it's money.(Edit 25/09/17) [D/M/Y Format]The bug i was adressing in my old review version was fixed, so I removed that passage. Nice going Brad!"
,Recommended,668210,35119578,Posted: 21 September,all,NilkadNaquada,"This game has a lot of pros, and one con. I'm gonna start with that one con: It's short. Like, really short. I blew through it in a couple hours. Granted, there are quite a few optional challenge rooms, many of which I missed, but still, I can't imagine it taking more than 3 or 4 hours to fully exhaust the content on offer if you know what you're doing.BUT, having said that, it's an incredibly fun game that I'm most certainly going to be revisiting over the years. It's got an excellent sense of inertia and momentum to the movement, it's not so much platforming as it is 2D parkour. The game isn't about landing pixel-perfect jumps, it's about managing and directing your momentum in order to get where you need to go. Additionally, the game is beautifully hand-animated; some of the assets don't scale exceptionally to higher resolutions, but the cozy yet polished art direction more than makes up for some technically lacking textures.When you combine the movement physics, the lovely, rolling level design, and the beatiful animation, the result is a game which flows beautifully and just feels incredibly smooth and fun to play, and this is only helped by the fact that it runs at a silky 60fps.That's without even getting into some of the special mechanics that are unlocked over the course of the game, all of which are pretty well-realized and complement the core moveset. In particular, I like the pen-riding sections, which are sort of a microcosm of the swooshing, looping, momentum-heavy gameplay.This is just an excellent game, the mechanics more than make up for the somewhat lacking length, and I think that your moveset lends it quite a lot of replayability due to just how sheerly, viscerally GOOD everything feels on a fundamental level.Granted, a good chunk of enjoyment for me also came from nostalgia for the expreiences of playing the early FPA games on various flash portals, but this is definitely a game which lives up to the nostalgia rather than being carried by it.I highly recommend buying this game. It's definitely worth the ten dollars."
76561198032820849,Recommended,668210,35172987,Posted: 24 September,all,TimtheBigDaddy=VX9=,It's awesome. It brings back all of the great memories of playing the orignal Fancy Pants Flash games when I was younger.
76561198375724057,Recommended,668210,35162966,Posted: 23 September,all,Swank3st,I LOVED THE GAME. I'm a little diaspointed though about the end. I waited like 2-3 years for world 4 and it was only like a 3 hour game with a T.B.C ending. I'm hoping it won't be that long of a wait for the next part.
,Recommended,668210,35090893,Posted: 20 September,all,noided,"I've had so much fun playing versions of this game the past 10 years in browsers, feels pretty good to actually have a copy of it in my steam library.The controls are super tight.Movement feels exactly how it should.I finally feel like I can master these mechanics and be able to make the Fancy man do whatever I want him to.Drawing my own path on a canvas with the pen or using it to spray down enemies is extremely satisfying too!The levels might lack some polish here and there, had to restart once cause the level became invisible, but it didn't bother me and I'm sure these issues will be resolved.I was mega hyped about this game and it didn't dissapoint at all.Edit: oh yeah, and it feels great on controller too!!Thanks for the 10+ years of fun, Brad.Looking forward to 10 more!"
,Recommended,668210,35116281,Posted: 21 September,all,NekOz,"Good game, but a bit too short. Finished this in about 2 hrs and 40 minutes.Pros and Cons+ Buttery smooth 60 FPS.+ New mechanics like pen surfing.+ Well designed levels and challenges.+ Controls are fast and responsive as always.- Way too short, expected more of a paid game.Nothing much to say about this game tbh..."
76561198020228459,Recommended,668210,35138599,Posted: 22 September,all,Gold Kool-Aid Dogan,"Absolutely worth the price. Controls are wonderful, the soundtrack is relaxing and the levels are all pretty well designed and are well designed enough to allow for players to run though as fast as they want, while still having a secret in nearly every room.Although I'm sure playing with keyboard is fine, I definitely recommend a controller. Platformers really are just good with controllers.Haven't encountered too many bugs, besides one that crashed the game and another where a room's graphics didn't load, but they really did seem like 'freak' occurances."
76561198307816360,Recommended,668210,35093700,Posted: 20 September,all,『Døffy』,This game is amazing. Brings back many memories. The animation is amazing and the platforming is top notch. It's worth the 10 bucks.
76561198038934558,Recommended,668210,35118529,Posted: 21 September,all,hipstagram,"It is an amazing game that is able to use speed as a mechanic better than sonic ever did (o_0 controversial whoa), however after about 30 min into the game they screw it up a bit by making it so you can no longer slide into enemies. The game is still amazing because you still run around feeling like a badass but you have to play a bit more hesitantly. The challenge areas are very common and by far the best part of the game with complex and fast parkour with a rewarding character customization at the end. The music is amazing and doesn't get old, however the jump sound could probably annoy some people (basically if sonic's jump annoys you this one sill). Nostalgia aside this is a great game and worth checking out."
,Recommended,668210,35092002,Posted: 20 September,all,Beeto,"It runs a whole lot smoother than the original Flash games. Controls and movement are as fluid as possible, nothing the game threw at me so far felt cheap. If you've played the originals, you can really get a sense of how much the gameplay has been refined over the decade. Pen surfing is a very nice and welcome addition, I imagine I'll see quite a few images floating around the internet from people who actually drew something in-game."
76561198034325912,Recommended,668210,35231158,Posted: 26 September,all,Frodo Swaggins,"If you love platformers and don't mind it being on the short side, I would definitely recommend this game.I remember way back playing the first world on amor games. I saw a new full fledged game entry on steam I knew I had to play it.Pros:-Smooth: This game feels really good to play. The 60 fps mixed with the tight controls.-Not too similair: This game takes what works from the originals and mixes it up with new combat and game machanics that make it feel fresh and new.-Beautiful: I love the hand drawn look of this game, the worlds are also very distinct.Cons:-Short: I don't personaly think this is a big deal I would rather have less that is polished and fun, but I 100% completed this game in 3 hours so keep that in mind before buying.-Not enough bosses: This kind of ties into the length, but with the new combat the only boss that you really fight is the last boss and I really enjoyed it. Would have loved to see more bosses that had the same style of fight.-Too easy: If you want a more forgiving game than this is it, getting 100% in the game is still a challenge. It doesn't punish you much for getting hurt or falling off the level. I had upwards of 22 lives when I ended the game and only died a handful of times."
,Recommended,668210,35399814,Posted: 1 October,all,Succinct And Punchy,"The movement is really fun and the mechanics are pretty cool and I had an overall good time playing it so I think it's worth it. It has excellent flow, fairly unique and intuitive mechanics, very tight and elegant design for a platformer and the music's pretty good even though it's all short and repeats a lot which fits the length of the game. It is ridiculously short and not in a good way, it feels like it ends before it really gets going. And the ""56 levels"" thing is one of the boldest lies I've ever seen in my life, it has like 5 levels spread over 56 /screens/ each of which are pretty short.I don't get that, why lie so boldly? It's a fun game anyway, that's not even necessary.The main sticking point is price point, it's expensive for how short it is. If you crave a game with some sick movement and don't really care that price/value ratio is a bit skew-whiff then go for it. If you're more frugal, maybe wait for a sale. I still think it's worth playing, but it's going to come down to frugality."
,Recommended,668210,35434498,Posted: 2 October,all,Anura,"Oh the nostalgia!Fancy Pants was that game I could always rely on when I was bored as a child. I was delighted to find out there was a new one coming to steam, purchased right away. I must say I was NOT let down. I thoroughly enjoyed this game, it's simple, it's fun.I jumped right back into it after all these years doing perfect flips and wall jumps. For a game about a stick figure it's super fluid. Such simple controls flow so beautifully, it honestly amazes me.Beautiful scenecry, catchy music. Just an allround great game to relax and complete in one sitting. Later on going back to find all those unlockables.Thank you Borne."
,Recommended,668210,35139391,Posted: 22 September,all,Kalux,Reminds me of my childhood playing tons of flash games.A must buy if you've ever played Fancy Pants  :)
,Recommended,668210,35099635,Posted: 21 September,all,Cpt. David,"Fancy Pants couldn't get better than this. It's been a long time since I played such a solid and straightforward platformer and nothing from the original Flash games were omitted; all of the same enemies, mechanics, and even some new stuff. This is the Super Mario World of Fancy Pants Adventure basically.It also really brought me back to playing the original games on a school computer in 6th grade when the teacher wasn't paying attention :3"
,Not Recommended,668210,35204406,Posted: 25 September,all,Leffles the Magnificent,"I loved playing the Fancy Pants games all those years ago. It was such a fun sonic-esque game, with very fluid gameplay and smooth, fully-functioning mechanics. Once Super Fancy Pants Adventure on Steam, I was pretty hyped for a while. I picked it up several days ago, and it was just as I had remembered it being. It was fun, fast, and challenging when it needed to be. Now that I've finished it, I have a bunch of stuff to talk about, so let's get right into it.THE GOOD:- Smooth gameplay - Everything is smooth as butter. The combat is responsive and very fun to do. The platforming/parkour is even better, being able to run and jump with little to no quirks, any mistakes that happen are on you and you alone, not the game, nor the physics.- Level Design - Every single level in here is beautifully crafted to emphasize speed and fluidity. Most levels consist solely on platforms and curved pathways, which synergizes incredibly with the fluid movement system. The scenery itself, however, is only okay at best (in my opinion)- Boss Fights - Honestly, I was having a hard time finding out if I should keep this as a positive, all because one specific boss seemed so out of place and not very entertaining. However, I had a ton of fun with the other bosses, the final one in particular was my favorite. So, I'll keep this as a good, rather than a meh. At least the boss I don't like can be beat quickly...The Bad:- The Length - Unfortunately, this is the biggest reason why I'm not recommending this game. I wasn't expecting something too long, especially considering the flash games could easily be beaten in under an hour. However, for the $10 price point that they're asking for, I'm having a hard time justifying the fact that it only takes 2 hours to beat the game. Maybe 2 and a half if you're getting every single collectible.- The Price - Yeah, I'm kind've complaining about the price twice now, and I can already hear people saying ""$10 isn't that bad, it could have been $20"", and yeah, they'd be right, but I'm still having a hard time believing that $10 for 2 hours of gameplay is justifiable.- Mechanic Introduction - So before I go into this, I should probably tack on that I haven't really played any Fancy Pants games past 2, but I have seen some gameplay on the third addition, and I can see some of the mechanics that have been brought over to this game (i.e. the actual combat instead of just jumping on things and kicking them). Top it off with all the new mechanics that were added, everything kind've fits in well. You'll get most of what you're able to do within the first or second lands, but aside from the basic stuff from the tutorials in the beginning of the game, you're not really told what you CAN do. It's only until they're arbitrarily forcing you to do a certain action to progress (and then never use that mechanic again) that they remind you that you had X ability all along.CONCLUSION:I wanted to like this game, and in some aspects, I definitely do. It's a really fun game to run and jump around in, and I can kick some♥♥♥♥♥here and there too. However, the game's too short. There's only such a small amount of time to get used to everything, and by the time you've done that, it's over. You don't get too much of a chance to play around with some mechanics, and there's a few that are only really used once or twice (sometimes more if you count some challenge rooms, but most of them rely on the basic movements). If there were more content, or at LEAST a level editor, I would be able to recommend this game. But where it's sitting now, it's fun, yeah, but it's not worth the money.TL;DR:If you don't mind the dissapointingly short 2 hour playtime, then consider this review a recommendation. If you want more bang for your buck, just get Sonic Mania or something"
,Recommended,668210,35106553,Posted: 21 September,all,Matchesia,This game is great i've been waiting for this to come out for a year now; and its finally out and i'm not dissapointedI recommend this game to anyone that likes fast platformers.
,Recommended,668210,35191943,Posted: 24 September,all,EmFer,"Oh boy, time for the review. This game is SUPER fancy and SUPER inky, besides of some glitches and bugs that will momentaniasly be fixed, the game is purely designed to be what it was supose to be on the 1st world. Super smooth gameplay and super fun to play. Gonna give a solid 6.5/10 (gonna keep that up while the developer release the rest of the levels)"
76561198090955897,Recommended,668210,35109104,Posted: 21 September,all,v_j1109,"This is certainly the definitive version of the Fancy Pants games. It's the same formula as the last games (and there's absolutely no problem with that) with a shiny coat of paint and a bunch of new abilities you can utilize to make traversing the well-designed levels even more satisfying. There's nothing quite like the feeling of chaining pole sliding and inkboarding perfectly to speed through a level.The pencil (or should I say ink pen) is utilized much more fluidly, and attacking enemies feels amazing. You can even upgrade the pen with new capabilites, such as the ability to dash through enemies or even fire it like a machine gun! The bonus levels are a blast, and the hats and pants colors you receive at the end of each just serve to sweeten the deal. The only gripe I had with this game is that it was too short! 9/10 - I need more!!!"
,Recommended,668210,35113560,Posted: 21 September,all,Beta-Ultra,"Having a non-Nintendo game bring back so many good memories has never felt like this before. The art style, the fulid controls, the fancy pants make this nostalgia trip so good. I mulled over buying this for about a second before jumping into  the uber fun, albeit fairly short, blast to the past.I simply cannot hate this game, it is beautiful, fun, and cheap. SO BUY IT. (or don't... I'm not the boss of anyone...)*Note to get the most out of this game, a controller is recommended. Pen surfing is built for full 360 joystick motion, not WASD.*"
,Recommended,668210,35193255,Posted: 24 September,all,Pretzel,"Super Fancy Pants adventure is a short, fun 2d platformer.It's focused on speed, so you'll feel right at home if you love the momentum mechanics of Sonic the Hedgehog. There's collectibles focused around challenge rooms that exist to push you to your limit. I do have a few problems though.Combat isn't very fun. There are upgrades to make attacking not so bad, but it's mostly just mash the attack button.The game is VERY short. I 100%'d the game in a little more than 3 1/2 hours.While it is short, that may be an advantage, because all the levels feel fun and the controls work well with the speed. The $10 asking price may be too much, I would recommend it if only so we can see a more feature filled sequel. It's a great game in a long running flash-game series."
76561198025418924,Recommended,668210,35195554,Posted: 24 September,all,NeonBaron,I love the fancy pants games and this one really kicks the gameplay up another notch. i see a lot of people complaining about length where the 360 ps3 game was just as short if you did not play it to 100%I also wish we had more customization options like the ability to change our weapon like the ps3/360 one.of course most of these things are negligible from the overall experience and seriously you guys came through for me.The platforming in this series is the smoothest and the most satisfying of any game i know even mario and classic sonic have nothing on the level of responsiveness and fluidness you get from a fancy pants game.pros:the most enjoyable platformer i have played in yearscombat was revamped and more fun nowupgradesnew abilities that keep with the feel of fancy pantshopefully the first of manycan still rock by spamming down buttoncons:(note i am biased deal with it)multiplayer is no longer a thing(honestly won't really miss it unless it launches on console)less customization than previous game (still a lot)game is shortish (you do move super fast)more linear (the ps3/360 version had much more replayable levels that were a bit more open such as the pirate cove level that was basically a large open room you had to explore etc.)cannot dash attack ink enemies (dash attacks are one of my favorites) maybe bring them back in the next one via some ink resistant pants or something like that?)
,Recommended,668210,35093043,Posted: 20 September,all,Bboy9451,"Certainly worth the wait.SFPA expands on what made the previous games great, while polishing up everything else (Especially the combat)If you're looking for a solid platformer with great controls, then you'll find it here.EDIT: Ok so I finished it, and as much as I enjoyed it, I am kinda dissapointed that the ending isn't conclusive (It ends with a ""To be Continued"" screen) I won't actually spoil anything though, it's still definitely worth playing for yourself.I'll be going back and getting all the collectables for the fun of it, and I can definitely see this being the kinda game I'll replay every now-and-then when I'm bored. I think the short length is justified though by the low price, as well as the fact that everything is polished to an absolute shine.Overall it's fantastic, everything's been improved, and the new abilities and mechanics are solid and a lot of fun to use. My main problem with it is that it feels more like a stepping stone towards something bigger rather than a full stand-alone game. Still can't recommend it enough though, and I'm excited to see what comes next - 4/5"
,Recommended,668210,35115455,Posted: 21 September,all,Zxo Pink,I LOVE IT+great animations+great story+hard enemys+easy enemys+fun enemys+minigun that looks like a pen+sliding+dash+pen that can do way more than write+so much cool and good levels-no multiplayer (but the developer/s said that they might add one so you know... i might change my review when this will happend)
76561198124845440,Recommended,668210,35092605,Posted: 20 September,all,RIPHostile,Amazing game. That is all that needs to be said.10/10
76561198161916068,Recommended,668210,35091793,Posted: 20 September,all,Bancon,"I love this game, so much. As well as all the other games of it. But a few bugs here and there. Other then that, awesome game."
76561198265121201,Recommended,668210,35095194,Posted: 20 September,all,LokiEatsDoritos,"This game is amazing, although, it looks simple, the gameplay is incredible. I really loved how they added new stuff to do, like shooting ink, dashing through enemies etc. I bought this game because of my amazing experience with fancy pants adventures 1,2, and 3. I really hope there are more games like these in the years to come."
,Recommended,668210,35120133,Posted: 21 September,all,eagerm25,Good game but only 2 hours long :(
,Recommended,668210,35179062,Posted: 24 September,all,Spoopy ALPHA,The game is amazing and my childhood is now on steam. But the developer's need to do updates to the game for it to longer i played only 3.1 hrs and i completed the game.
,Recommended,668210,35096130,Posted: 20 September,all,Radiance,"The controls are SO GOOD.So far it adds some pretty cool stuff, parkour is better than the flash version from ng, looks damn smooth too."
,Recommended,668210,35143740,Posted: 22 September,all,CapnRedNose,"Absolutely phenomenal in every possible way! Worth the spending, Brad and his team worked very ahrd on this! The result is astoundingly great! Thank you so much Brad and to your team as well!"
,Recommended,668210,35435208,Posted: 2 October,all,ZeroThePikmin,"I've been playing these games since I was in early elementary school, now I'm in late high school and I've loved every moment of every game. Before I played this, I remembered all of the fun times I had in the past with each game and thought to myself, ""If this game is like any of the ones from the past, this is going to be absolutely fantastic!""... but then I played it. I found out this game wasn't fantastic, it is perfection given stick form."
,Recommended,668210,35163532,Posted: 23 September,all,NoBop2000,I love this game it's fast fun and fluid. Every jump feels satisfying. Even more than the original Fancy Pants or the mobile game which were amazing. There is already an interesting mystery behind the enemys of the game and the entirety of whats going on (not that fancy pants needed a good story but having this sort of mostly show dont tell narritive to the game is actually pretty awesome). But i assume they are going to add free updates for the rest of the game as it is currently very incomplete (content wise as currently its about 10 bucks for 2 hours of game seriously its just the 1st world right now and the fact that they dont have it labled as early access worries me). I say it's fine for now but if the rest of the game comes in a paid DLC format i will change the review to negative. But if they add the rest of the game for free its fine. Even if they have to up the price of the game itself along the way i dont care. Just as long as they dont make me pay again for a game i already paid for
76561198111033745,Recommended,668210,35182511,Posted: 24 September,all,B4BFN00B,"Like most people, the only let down I have found is how short the main campaign is. Hoping to see a content update for the game soon."
,Recommended,668210,35215818,Posted: 25 September,all,2rad4rio,"Good game,you kill ink with a pen.Edit:If you spam duck you kinda head band,I don't like how the dash is the same button as sprint because now when I want to sprint I have to dash.Edit:Realized you don't sprint..."
76561198186338557,Recommended,668210,35270015,Posted: 28 September,all,Lou,Bribgibg my childhood back to life amazin game really love it jist bbought and ive already got cowboy jat
76561198135106916,Recommended,668210,35341550,Posted: 30 September,all,Multipedpit8877,The game was extremely fun to play. Its Fancy Pants made better. Only problem I had is that my pc wasn't able to run the game at 60fps (Coz its not that great). So to improve it I would add more settings for graphics.If your pc can't play it at 60fps it will be like your playing in slow motion. So try to cap the frames to 30fps to expreince the speed of the game. Using recording software can help as they can reduce frames to 30. (I was experiencing 40fps)Overall I would give this game a 8/10.
,Recommended,668210,35392375,Posted: 1 October,all,Linkyu,"Well, it definitely was fun, but... I've finished it already in 2 hours; I reckon it'd take me merely 1 extra hour to finish getting the items. This is pretty much a glorified flash game."
76561198128370147,Recommended,668210,35402084,Posted: 1 October,all,Jazari,really dumb how you cant cange the bad key bindings but besides that great game
,Recommended,668210,35491631,Posted: 5 October,all,DaxterSpeed,"Highly recommended for fans of the flash games and for people who love fluid 2d platformers.As it stands right now the game has a small list of issues, most of which do not impact a normal playthrough. The developer has also announced a couple updates, so it will only get better."
,Recommended,668210,35110340,Posted: 21 September,all,jasperarmstrong,"As someone who grew up with the older Fancy Pants games, this game is great. The movement was smooth and satisfying as always, and the game is overall just a lot of fun. I really enjoyed the new inkboarding thing. So if you've played Fancy Pants before, this one is bigger and better, and if you've never played Fancy Pants before, you should play 1-3 online and this one for some good times."
76561198273687872,Recommended,668210,35136332,Posted: 22 September,all,MrGuyDude,"WOW this game is great. I've been with Brad and his games since World 1, and this is no doubt the best the game in the series. The level designs are great, the gimmicks are creative and fun, the challenges (and therefore the customizable clothes) are great, and the graphics and music are superb."
,Recommended,668210,35162594,Posted: 23 September,all,JediSpaniel,Is nice game
76561198415530724,Recommended,668210,35192166,Posted: 24 September,all,ethantobias2001,"This was an amazing game. New moves, new weapon, new levels and new bosses. I would definitely want you to check it out"
,Recommended,668210,35230985,Posted: 26 September,all,Jetsworld,So good.
76561198085162095,Recommended,668210,35318822,Posted: 29 September,all,Spooky Fresh,This game is so awesome! I love how smooth the jumping and sliding is! I cant wait to play this!
,Recommended,668210,35229266,Posted: 26 September,all,SPACEMAN OCTOPUS,"This game is pretty great. Game physics and mechanics are really good and smooth. The levels are fun and challenging, although some of the actual challenges I think are a bit too hard. The art is as great as it was when I found the first games on Kongregate. The only minus I have about this game is the scheit ending."
76561198151238283,Recommended,668210,35362779,Posted: 30 September,all,TinTin Fan,"Okay, it's been YEARS since last time I've seen anyone play a Fancy Pants game (possibly even Over a DECADE) but I recently tried this game out and it's Awesome!The Controls feel Smooth, The Areas and Challegnes are Well Designed, The Music is Catchy, I like the Art Style, The Collectibles are Rewarding, Beating Up Enemies with Writing Utensils is EXTREMELY Satisfying, and ""Inkboarding"" is some of the Most fun I've EVER HAD in a Video Game!That Being Said, There are a few problems I encountered that REALLY need to be fixed:-When going to the Map, there's no option to cancel. I tried ""B"" I tried all the buttons, the only thing I can do is Spawn Myself back at the beginning of the Area (and while I CAN see that as a useful option in some areas, Most of the time, I'd rather return to the area in which I brought up the map. It's one of those BASIC THINGS that Every Video Game MUST HAVE)-The other thing that should probably get patched is there's this one area where the perspective is Screwed Up! Fancy Pants Man is Standing ABOVE the Platforms and TO THE SIDE of sliding poles. This happened to me on the Road to the Ink Volcano area, and it was quite a ways into the Section where you're going through Portals that take you into the backgrounds and into the foregrounds, and it's in this one small part where you're close to the screen, and you're like inches above the bottomless pits and THAT'S Where it Happens (and then you move on to the next level after that)So if Those can get patched in the near future, I think we'd be good.Other than that though, this game is Awesome, Albeit short... (I'd say it's about the length of Sonic Mania, give or take)This is DEFINITELY Worth your money, and I'm hoping to see more of these in the Future!"
76561198071815655,Recommended,668210,35108152,Posted: 21 September,all,Fex,"If you enjoy momentum based platformers, hell if you like platformers in general, this game is for you. Almost every jump, slide, grind, and strike feels like it has your entire character's weight behind it and the levels are set up in ways that reward you for figuring out how to use your momentum to fling yourself to greater heights. The only two issues I had were that sometimes the game is a bit unclear with its platform 'rules', several times I have been hopping across platforms only for the last to suddenly boost upward or forward with no indication that it would before I touched it, and that it is kind of short for my tastes and the cost. I was able to casually fly through this game in less than two hours, still getting a good chunk of secrets along the way. Despite its short length, what has been presented is polished to almost perfection.TL;DRGreat platformer, a bit short, get it during a sale."
,Recommended,668210,35185159,Posted: 24 September,all,ChillyDucks,"I am going to make my review short and simple: I like the game, the controls were amazing, the story was decent, and the collectables were fun to get. The only things to complain about is that the game is kinda short and the overall game isn't that hard, but not all games have to be hard to be fun, so I like the game for it, but others might not. Anyways cool game, would recommend if you wanted a nice game to sit back and relax to play, and beat in about 2-5 hours."
76561198063843408,Recommended,668210,35195666,Posted: 24 September,all,Dudimus777,"Super Fancy Pants Adventure is a great experience for gamers who love clean and rewarding platforming that doesn't take itself too seriously. Challenges that reward you with cosmetics to make your pants as fancy as ever populate almost every level with challenges that will test your platforming skills. The story is a little lacking, but Mario has never been critiqued on his stories in games so it can be overlooked here. If you ever played the earlier iterations of The Fancy Pants games, or are new to the series, I would definitely recommend picking this game up!"
,Recommended,668210,35255174,Posted: 27 September,all,CoinsR4Eatin,"TL;DR - 9/10 - Most fun 2D platformer I've played in a long time. Buy now.My pro list is shorter than my con list by a long shot, but only because I'm hard from loving this game. My pros make up 95% of what I experienced in all of my playtime, so most of my cons are just silly gripes.Pros:-Movement and platforming is incredibly fast, smooth and fun.-Combat is satisfying and fluid.-Soundtrack and graphics blend very well together to create a very nice aesthetic.-There's a good sense of challenge, nothing cheap that I noticed.-No noticable bugs or preformance issues on Intel HD 630. This game is modern but a breeze to run on lower end hardware.Cons:-As soon as the ink pen's shooting is introduced and the enemy variation changes, combat and shooting based puzzles halt the sense of speed and momentum that came with the fast paced platforming beforehand.-Checkpoint system is invisible and occasionally it didn't seem like I deserved to go back to the beginning of the room.-Environment and music varation is lacking. Every challenge room has the same visual style and the same song, same goes for almost every other area in the game.-Some features are absent in some levels: Hooks appear in the first and last levels only, the shell only appeared in the first level, and you find no NPCs in the Basement (Besides your sister), Ascent, or Volcano. I found with only a few in the Plains, and couldn't interact with any in the area with the tents just outside the Bathtub.-The ink enemy type selection is extremely small.-This installment is missing features from previous ones (swimming, snail golf, green squiggles that were worth 5, etc). You won't notice this if this is your first game in the series.-Grinding in a platformer (more on this later).-Beating the final boss reset my lives counter from 11 to 3 :(-The bosses are the weakest point IMO. They were short and sweet, but I can't help but noticed the missed opportunity with the new gimmicks (red/yellow rails, pen surfing). They were platformer based, but didn't incorporate momentum or physics, just combat.-Didn't care for the story at all. The only time I felt anything was talking to an NPC in the Plains who was having a rough time.Compared to the previous games in the series, this is the game to play if you want the best controls. However, it's very clear that this game will either see a massive update, or an ""Episode 2"" DLC. This game is short. At the time of writing, I'm 3 hours in and I've completed all the hidden challenge levels that unlock cosmetics, but I'm still working my way through all the upgrades. I'm replaying levels to max out the upgrades. I'm grinding in a platformer. It isn't THAT bad since this game is so fun, but I feel it still should not be there.Another huge reason why this will get a huge update or DLC is that the Bathtub floors are void of features. There's a floor with 3 arcade cabinets. This is the 4th game in the series and the first on Steam, so it makes sense that there would be plans to port the first 3 games over in the new engine and have them playable there. But since I haven't technically beat the game 100%, I may not have unlocked everything yet.Not to mention the cliffhanger ending. The ""dark version of the protagonist"" trope is one I can ALWAYS get down with.Yeah, I know, it sounds bad when I focus on the negatives, but again. The bad is only 10% of what I experienced.9/10. Both as a sequel and a standalone game, it's a blast to play and is worth the price tag. It's not perfect by any means, and I am waiting eagerly for any next installment. But as much as I love the series nostalgically, I can't get lost in this game and its world for its length and minor design issues (AKA me being picky).P.S.: Anyone know when the health and combat upgrades cap out?"
,Recommended,668210,35286220,Posted: 29 September,all,재수생,Thank you for publishing on Steam! I am willing to wait for more updating! :-)
76561198151184576,Recommended,668210,35221346,Posted: 26 September,all,Happenstance,"This is a fantastic breath of fresh air and worth every bit of the price!I don't think I've ever played a platformer possessing with as much fluid and responsive movement that Fancy Pants has in droves.  The effortless joy of performing virtual parkour is sublime, while the zany hand-drawn (?) environments and hilarious spiders, ninjas (yes ninjas!) and other creepy crawlies make for an overall wonderful experience.I've read elsewhere that game length is a little on the short side, but reading elsewhere on the forums it seems the developer intends to push out some new content to pad things out (multiplayer, arcade levels).  Even if he doesn't, I'm more than happy."
76561198147134386,Recommended,668210,35275308,Posted: 28 September,all,unrik76,"This game is really good. Art style, grafiks and soundtruck are amazing."
,Recommended,668210,35313946,Posted: 29 September,all,BABA GANOUSH,I would like more enemys that you can kill with jumping on them so you keep the momentum but other than that.So good. Please more <3 :)
76561198423976932,Recommended,668210,35211708,Posted: 25 September,all,ViatProsucktions,Super addictive and really fun :D
,Recommended,668210,35231297,Posted: 26 September,all,Artorias,"Hell of a good game!The platforming is smooth, the style is neat (though I almost wish most of the levels were styled like the challenge levels) and the little jokes are funny so far. I love the way the character *feels* to play, and the neat little touches like the flowy animations and rushing sound when you're going fast enough really sells it.Also, the fact that your character throws up the horns when you crouch repeatedly made me laugh harder than I'd care to admit."
,Recommended,668210,35125116,Posted: 22 September,all,54Assik,"It was a surprise when I found out that this ancient classic had come into Steam.The beginning was a bit dull so I had low expectations, but in the end it turned out to be pretty enjoyable. The physics are impressive for a 2D platformer, and the game runs well aside from some heavy graphical glitches occuring from time to time, but nothing game-breaking. It could use a bit more of actual challenge though. The ""challenge"" doors which were easily the only fun part about the game were often really short or just boringly easy.All in all it was just a small disappointment, I won't refund it, if it gets the free updates as promised and they add more levels, fix bugs etc. then it has potential to be worth the full price. But for now it should cost only third or half the current price max."
,Recommended,668210,35147437,Posted: 23 September,all,milatarycow,"What a great, but short, game. The movement and combat mechanics are great, and the levels are well desigined. Sadly, I reached the (excellent) final boss only 2 hours in, and it left me wanting more, other than a to be continued screen. There is a lot of side content, and lots of hats and pants to collect. The combat never really gets a time to shine, apart from the bosses, all you can really do is mash attack. 8/10 would give 10/10 were it not for all the liberal propaganda splattered everwhere."
,Not Recommended,668210,35231177,Posted: 26 September,all,Sieztrzewitowski,"As much as I love this game I can not recommend it to people unless they're absolutely willing to pay for a game currently lacking much needed content.Pros- Gameplay feels smooth as butter, momentum is rarely stopped entirely in the game and the pen feels like a much needed improvement over the pencil from the first FPA for consoles.- Upgrades are worth the squiggles and are super cool to boot.- LOADS OF SECRETS!- Final Boss is a blast to fight- Longer than FPA on consoles (ish?)Mixed- Customization could definitely be improvedCons- Lack of many things that FPA on consoles had- No Arcade- No local multiplayer- None of the older worlds are anywhere to be found- Lack of enemy types (half way into the game and all other enemies are gone except for the bird blob andlarger/smaller blobs)- NO WATER!?- Will likely need to pay money to see beyond that ""to be continued"" at the end. (Not 100% sure)The game itself is great, but for $10 (canadian money) it's very, very short. However, many of the features are going to be added, with local multiplayer coming first. Until this happens my review will stay as is."
,Recommended,668210,35120108,Posted: 21 September,all,Smushie Sammich,Good way to relive the past
,Recommended,668210,35197881,Posted: 25 September,all,xxx,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this games was my life i remember playing this on web browser. as soon as i saw it i had to have it.
76561198028618459,Recommended,668210,35137399,Posted: 22 September,all,SIR PRI. GENERAL MAJOR BOOBYGRIN,to be continued... WHATCHU U TALKIN ABOUT BRAD? *concerned look* seriously though good game with the smooth control scheme. but its really short. (beat it in 2h) its best that the buyers buy this on sale considering its short content.
,Recommended,668210,35099042,Posted: 21 September,all,Largahblarga,"It's the flash games, but with more polish and mechanics. It's only a little bit longer though, so paying full price was more about the entire series than just this one game for me. If you're new, play the flash games and you'll figure out if you want to put money down pretty quickly."
,Recommended,668210,35125897,Posted: 22 September,all,KHAOZ,"Back in my day (actually four years ago), Super Fancy Pants was an addicting game to play! If you wanna bring back the nostalgia, grab your pants (xD) and get ready for an awesome adventure. Also, I've been waiting to play this game ever since it came out, but didn't get around to buying it and I actually didn't think it would be on steam, but it is. :D"
76561198039871131,Not Recommended,668210,35129488,Posted: 22 September,all,LiquidRNA,"I've been a fan of Brad's games since the very first FancyPants game came out, and I have to say I was very disappointed in this interation. As it stands right now, the content is only a fraction of what his older games are, and unless he plans on releasing content packs for free, I wouldn't recommend anyone pick this up. The levels are short, customization is a quarter of what it was in previous games, and the level design is miles behind what I'm used to. I'll always support Borne Games, but this was a major disappointment in its current state.If you do plan on picking this up, expect the same fluid gameplay however. The parkour is, as always, fluid and dynamic. You won't be disappointed in that. I will re-review if any new content comes out, but for now, I'd hold off and see what his plans are."
,Recommended,668210,35096678,Posted: 20 September,all,Scout In A HotDog,"The Controls Are Great, The Levels Are funYour A Stickman With A pair of Sexy Orange PantsWhat Else Could You Want In Life?"
76561198034589391,Recommended,668210,35158419,Posted: 23 September,all,Jarne,I knew it was a good game at the moment i saw the trailer.Really it's a good and full of action
,Recommended,668210,35250635,Posted: 27 September,all,Hopeless with retarded,i have i really fun time playing this gameit still make me mad with the jump part since i was a little boyi like to surf the the pennot worth the money tho (just saying because im running low on money xDDDD)
,Recommended,668210,35098184,Posted: 20 September,all,toast,"Best platformer physics I've ever handled, insanely smooth and responsive. Super fun mechanics all around.The game could've been improved by having less repetive art.Gameplay: 10/10Art: 6/10Story: 1/10 <3"
,Recommended,668210,35111378,Posted: 21 September,all,DanieleN,"I was not hyped over this game, because I didnt know it was in the makings! The first one was insane fun! This one delivered with some sweet new mechanics! Great fun, recommended!"
,Recommended,668210,35150354,Posted: 23 September,all,✰DanielSd✰ welp,"It was a plesure to re-visit such a nostalgic game at this point.although short, it was a very fun experience!i will be looking forward for more gameplay as the ""to be continue.."" suggests, and obviously play again!"
,Recommended,668210,35089454,Posted: 20 September,all,Fake Coffee,This game is huge nostalgia trip and thats the reason i buy it since i mostly pirate games.PROS:-runs smoothly-has loads of new features and levels-IT HAS HATS!!!!!!!!CONS: no tutorial for basic stuff which newer players might not know how to use
76561198188243403,Recommended,668210,35173930,Posted: 24 September,all,Phanthomas,"This is an amazing game! It has lots of new features, and my life is officially complete. My childhood brought to steam. My only complaint is that it is only about a 2-3 hour game. I also wish there was a multiplayer feature, which would be awesome.*cough* DEVS *cough*"
,Recommended,668210,35119753,Posted: 21 September,all,Etellex,"I would definitely recommend this game if you're a fan of previous Fancy Pants Adventure games, and to those new to the series. It's a solid momentum-based platformer and if you've played any of the previous games you'll be happy to see that the game runs at a smooth 60 FPS. Great new engine, I'd like to see world 2 ported to it."
,Recommended,668210,35120931,Posted: 21 September,all,serverhiccups,"This game is so great, it fixes almost all of the issues from the previous engine. The game is a bit short but makes up for it in challenge levels which are good for a beginner though experienced players. Adding Fancy Box and more levels in the future might be nice but right now this game is still a great purchase. (Source - I played the game as well as 1,2+3)"
76561198126455740,Recommended,668210,35188983,Posted: 24 September,all,Koaves,"Fantastic Game! Highly recommend, wish you could reset progress or there was a title screen or something, Like the older one."
76561198146096849,Recommended,668210,35360787,Posted: 30 September,all,Ethanpro Gamer,can u plz add an ability to fly and maybe others also can u make health and power ice cream unlimited
,Recommended,668210,35182258,Posted: 24 September,all,DUDE,great awesome game
76561198246290236,Recommended,668210,35107757,Posted: 21 September,all,Stopeex,"I used to play this game in minigame web pages when I was 7 years old. Now I'm playing it and it I can clearly remember how did those times use to be. Great pencil art, interesting new story, new attack system in which you use a pencil/pen, and amazing movement system and animation. It also incluides mini-games where you get hats and new pant colors.Good game, good times.Recommended."
,Not Recommended,668210,35234221,Posted: 26 September,all,Slitharg,"I enjoyed Fancy Pants as a kid but this game lacks content, and overall does not have enough to do in it to justify buying it."
,Recommended,668210,35125977,Posted: 22 September,all,Electric,BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!10/10
,Recommended,668210,35139961,Posted: 22 September,all,Spook McToot,"Yeah, its alright. BE WARNED! this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AWFUL to play without a gamepad so make sure you have one before you buy. Its great otherwise though"
76561198129065023,Not Recommended,668210,35183424,Posted: 24 September,all,Wallynator23,I really wanna like this game i really do. But i cant help but notice the high price for a 2 hr content game that isnt really exciting. I like fancy pants but this is just a horrible experience. The whole story and upgrades is cool i like how you have to collect and the different hats and pants but the bosses are super lame the final boss is so damn easy all you do is slash him shoot him then continue that because the creators were too lazy to make a good boss fight. Also YOU DONT GET A ACHIEVMENT FOR BEATING THE GAME  LIKE WHAT?I just cant even thing on a pro  for this game 9 dollars for 2 hr content that isnt even really content this game is a waste of your time i dont reccomend it to anyone
,Recommended,668210,35096000,Posted: 20 September,all,🎃,"It cuck'd everyone with the ending, but the gameplay is good6/10, wait for an extreme price drop"
,Not Recommended,668210,35089955,Posted: 20 September,all,Sean6258,"As much as I want to love this game, it feels like it has a lot of core issues. I'll just list the positives and negatives to save you guys some time.Positives:Movement feels thebestit's ever been! All the new level mechanics feel great to use. I personally love swinging around poles.Combat has been polished up a bit since the release of Fancy Pants Adventure, which is great!Layer mechanics are funChallenges are a great addition!Negatives:Other layers are eitherpoorly rendered, created in a really low resolution, or have intense artifactingOverabundance of enemies as soon as what I believe is the second levelNo easing into game mechanics.No listing of controls anywhereoutside of the new pensliding mechanic.Pretty buggy. I softlocked more than a few times by accidentally grabbing corners of breakable blocks that couldn't be broken.Overall oddlack of polishin levelsLevels all feel thesame. As far as I have played, there are no real individual level mechanics or landmarks. I suppose those 56 new levels came with a price.Mysterious lack of sounds for text boxes. Maybe it's just me, but it feels weird for it to be completely silent when you advance text.Music all feels the same so far. When I saw the trailer a few days ago, I got a bit worried. I hoped that the song may just be an ""epic final level song"" or something, but the entire OST is in the same style. Thisnew style of music feels completely different from the other Fancy Pants gamesand (in my opinion) not to its advantage. The story and text is still just as ""random"", so this new ""epic music"" style just doesn't mesh, in my opinion.Placement that's not very well thought out. Around 10 minutes into the game, there's a challenge door that's surrounded by breakable blocks. Unfortunately, it seems that whoever designed the levels didn't consider that when exiting the challenge, the player might want to hit up...if you do, you go right back in. Also the softlock issue. It feels like the game hasn't been playtested at all outside of the main mechanics.As much as I respect Brad, this game might be a step down from FPA in terms of level design, even if there are more levels. There are a lot of great new touches (challenge doors, penriding, etc), but it's not worth the hit in level design. It's unlikely this will ever be fixed since it's a core issue, so I'd recommend this game only if this all sounds ok to you.Edit: There's no way to tell which platforms are ""jump through"" or not. Got stuck in a small area for about a minute before I found that the ceiling was jump through."
,Not Recommended,668210,35090632,Posted: 20 September,all,thebatzel,"while the game is fun and the movement was smooth(with a controller at least, keyboard wasnt tried out)i was disappointed that for 9bucks i only had running and jumping just for 2 hours and the only thing i could do was finding the last half of the cosmetics. While a big fan of this series and a game i played back when i was a little child i cannot recommend this if you aren't a fan of this series except the prices drops allot or it gets a chunk of good updates."
,Not Recommended,668210,35211302,Posted: 25 September,all,Gruntle,"Heaps of screen transitions with pretty average platforming. Not really the many new levels promised (the aesthetics are pretty bland for the most part). I didn't finish the game, so maybe it gets better, but why would you put over half an hour of bland levels into the start of the game... Just makes it boring! Sure, the story requires it, but it's not very fun.Quite buggy for a full release (getting teleported to under a level when I enter it which makes me respawn halfway through the level; hitting a bat and flying slowly upwards with no control over the character; etc)."
76561198264580853,Not Recommended,668210,35183132,Posted: 24 September,all,Deugerauch,"When you can somehow bug the game out by timing your jumps where your last jump overshoots the platform's edge on the last level before the boss to avoid watching a cutscene, or bug the camera pan at that same spot soyou watch a disembodied arm push you off.The game is fun, though. Just doesn't live up to your expectations for a game priced at $8.99 USD."
76561198150961496,Recommended,668210,35099557,Posted: 21 September,all,daddy i did a stinky,jesus why is this only 10 bucks?
76561198096808194,Not Recommended,668210,35099369,Posted: 21 September,all,⋠Ĝ๏ą✞⋡'ƦэŁĨq.,"Having played the original game on ps3 for countless hours i can honestly say that this one dissapointed me alot.-No Multiplayer-50 levels? Well, 50 screens maybe. It will take u between 1-2 hrs.-Less weapons/hats/pants than the original.-Challenge levels are VERY small and weren't fun or original.-Level design is very very very poor. So were the textures the level was made out of.-Less funny dialogues and just overall fun stuff.-They changed the name of the cat from Kaboodle to Kaboottle. God knows why.-Combat is severely lacking.-No way to rebind controls in the game.-Platforming was dull and non-satisfying. Unlike the originalOverall i give this game a 2/10. A very poor attempt at a sequal and im utterly dissapointed. I would give the original a 9/10. I refunded it, and will consider re-purchasing it when it gets a heap more content and multiplayer."
76561198086294055,Not Recommended,668210,35141719,Posted: 22 September,all,"AterSol, The Caustic Corruptor","I have played the flash game ever since I was in elementary and loved it, but this game is just disappointing. The start seems so bland, and seems to be no real goal. The only interesting thing that got me was when you rescue the cat and it tears into the real world... But all the levels are just the same, just with some new yellow and red lines."
,Not Recommended,668210,35169091,Posted: 23 September,all,StencilOST,Game does not have an ending
,Recommended,668210,35088542,Posted: 20 September,all,PastaRasta,First review?
,Recommended,668210,35093409,Posted: 20 September,all,Metalpizza123,"It's slick, stylish and has the right feel and momentum to make it enjoyable to get into and a pleasure to nail perfect runs Music is ok, not great but serviceable. I like the customisation and I hope more stuff is being made down the line to expand (read:complete) the experience. multiplayer would be nice, especially local."
76561198089004647,Recommended,668210,35091870,Posted: 20 September,all,Broey,"Well that wasn't as long as i was expecting...But Anyway, The controls feel as tight as ever in this version of the fancy man ;) The new added abilities take some time to get used to but are really fun once you get the hang of it. I notice also that this game is like an open world adventure. A very short one mind you. You progress through the levels or the world all at once. The art is fantastic. About as good as the console game if not better at points :D But...I do have a few gripes...The music isn't as good as the previous entries, infact only one song really stuck in my head that i really liked and that was the squiggleville one, that one was awesome. I was also expecting a saving file system instead of it being all in one file...It makes it suck that you cant make a new file to start the whole adventure all over again, but i guess it might be a little unnessecary. The game also throws you in straight away. There isnt really a menu like the other games. where you enter other doors to go to different options. It feels...off. Also the ending...That ending man...I won't spoil it, but it felt very abrupt, it leaves me hanging with wanting more. But it feels like it came out of nowhere honestly :\ Oh well, If you do want a short really tight and original looking platformer. Then i would reccomend this especially if your a fan of the series :D But i would reccomend playing through the whole series first however! Mabye even get the Console game while your at it! That one is also free for your android devices and im pretty sure iphone and ipod :D But please brad, We need that game on here. I would love to play co op on that with friends :D"
76561198319760590,Recommended,668210,35353005,Posted: 30 September,all,A Rather Grumpy Old Troll,"its a fun game, but it seems kind of short for $10.00"
,Not Recommended,668210,35503227,Posted: 5 October,all,CraftKitty,"Very fun and fluid running and climbing controls, combat is a bit meh, the final boss was the only challenging fight. Disapointingly short. Wait for a sale."
76561198268791614,Recommended,668210,35504539,Posted: 5 October,all,TheFlyer20,"Extremely great game with smooth controls, unique level design, and fluid movements. In all honesty, this game isn't worth the $10 I spent (this is more like a $5 game), but I was still satisfied with the content inside the game."
,Recommended,668210,35091884,Posted: 20 September,all,Ian,"The movement feels amazing. If you like games like Rayman Origins/Legends, I'd definetly say SFPA feels better in this aspect than those game. Level design is cool as always too.If you are not sure about buying the game, you can try one of the previous from the series.http://www.bornegames.com/games/fpa-world-1/remix/"
