user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198063878961,Not Recommended,672860,34355528,Posted: 19 August,all,ExactChaos,"I have only played a few hours, but must say the game is quite dissapointing. If you want to have a look at some gameplay:https://youtu.be/tcXXyWT2I4II really expected more from it, it seems like there could be a lot of depth but ultimately is quite linear just build everything and put someone in each job and thats it, keep adding buildings and people to jobs.There seems to be a few bugs hanging around the game, which just adds to the frustration of doing the same thing over and over. There are a number of things I find very strange in the game mechanics, such as you can only build a solar power module on certain tiles wouldn't the sun be available pretty much everywhere?? The english in the text is also quite poor, I especially enjoy the 'Morality' stat for indicating level of morale.All in all doesn't seem well thought through or polished. I cannot recomend this."
76561198054965936,Not Recommended,672860,34473220,Posted: 24 August,all,paradoxbound,"Pretty broken.Poor Begley gets a massive injury, dead, bleeds out before he makes it to the med-bay.Power down two beam lasers to save power can not power one of them back up again pirates attack the side of the base that isn't protected.Medic spends entire shift sitting at a terminal at the med bay with sick people waiting for treatment. Medic gets tired goes to bed. Patients get critical medic gets up, has his brekkie, finally, goes to the med-bay and sits back down at the terminal and starts typing again. Assign another person as a medic, no hunger symbol but as soon they are assigned, off they go for elevenses. I will wait I think but no they then go for a stroll around the base muttering about the stars. Meanwhile, I have one critical patient. After visiting the science labs and power modules they finally stroll into the med-bay and SIT DOWN AT A TERMINAL!!! Patient promptly dies of medical malpractice. Eventually, everyone got sick.I turned off the O2 in the end, it was for the best."
,Recommended,672860,34314593,Posted: 17 August,all,[F|H]Stronkie,"IntroductionI have seen preview youtube streams of this game. Added it to my wishlist. As soon when it got out today. I got it. I started playing it and what can I say about it , Well A lotDo I like it... yesDo I recommend it ... yesDo I enjoy the gameplay ... yesWhat is it all about?StellarHub is a nice simple relaxing managenment spacestation game. It features a lot of cool features :Room building with tons of different rooms to built , you need to plan where you want to have what.A Science tree , what you can discover by researching it. Many things give you benifits and also some are not that obious how to use them.Funny graphics , for a simple game , they have managed to make the game look great. It is not that heavy on the PC . Basicly you can play this with not a top-end computer.The Dev's are listening to the public and release update after update and are adding many requested features.The sound effect are funny but a bit limited.but am I missing things ... yesWhat do I miss you may ask , well I miss a report of all people that live on my base with an easy sort out button and their skills listed. I want to see who is doing what and if he or she is good at it.. I do not feel like scrolling the right button all the time until I have seen all my people on the station.Also it is hard to see if a desaster is being worked on. I cannot tell if a person is repairing my section , or fixing the problem. Also I have an hard time making out the little icons ontop of the people.But what I miss the most.. TOOLTIPS on every word / symbol on your main menu/screen.Top Game.. Good Price ... and very funny.** Update :Not even a week after release , have they already release bugfixes and additions. Mostly addition I suggested. Well I have to say , they really listen to the community and they really dive into all the problems we have with the game. Mostly what I requested above has been added or has been noted.Great Job Guys. Keep on the good work !!!"
76561197961991882,Not Recommended,672860,34323170,Posted: 18 August,all,Alexio,"At the moment, this game is buggy as hell. AI of your crewmembers is frustrating and the game is far from the point of development where you can enjoy. If you're into station simulators, either buy something else or buy this after a half a year of bugfixes.At this point it feels like something between an alpha and a beta."
,Not Recommended,672860,34317031,Posted: 17 August,all,tacsquid,"very buggy. Crashes to desk top on change of resolution. Fix is uninstall and reinstall and play with defaults. Lots more bugs buying and selling items. Things get ""clogged up"" between a full supply point and the various places you buy and sell things. Very frustrating. Low on oxygen? quick buy it! haha just kidding they'll all die while it and the stuff to build your o2 plant sits there.  Tutorials lock out a ton of stuff on the display and commands so when you ""learn the game"" it's more like look at this slide and don't ask questions. Very micromanagy as far as managing production facility go too. I shouldn't use the same icon to assign people to production when there are 3 seperate jobs requring me to que 3 seperate outputs. Basically you need to build 3 factories and then assign someone who can do metalurgy, chemistry, and plastics. Why? How is that fun? There also seems to be no end or win to the scenario. I returned it before i ran out of resources."
,Recommended,672860,34702220,Posted: 2 September,all,MGC_Snowmech,"This is turning out to be a fun game. It is not easy, with a combination of some straight forward elements and a harsh overall  environment. The game is doing it's best to simulate a space station, while also trying to be a game. Meaning, in the real world certain issues would rarely arise, but in the end, things could get rather boring. On the other side, certain issues could arise in the real world that a real space station could not survive.Pros:I can spend a little bit of time or I can spend hours and either way I can feel like I made progress.The visuals are very appealing.The chalenge is there, as is the replayability.Issue resolution: In the time I started playing I have witnessed the devs tackling bugs left and right.Communication: Along with taking care of bug the devs listen to the players, respond, and have giuven every indication that they really, Really care. Care about the game, the players, and the overall community. They are putting in some work.Cons:Still has a few bugs, yet those bugs are being worked on fast. The best thing is to tell them.Depression: This can get in the way and is usually caused by crew asking for raises that are rediculous.Crew greed: The crew seem to be able to ask for any amount of money as a raise, and some of them just get it in their heads that they are worth it. This is very annoying and I would rather have a system where I can evaluate their worth and give out raises and/or one time bonus.Neutral:The personalities are random and can generate some very wierd combinations.The game utilizes the wasd keys to move the screen, not the mouse, so it takes some getting used to.Overall, I am goign to recommend this game. If anything, I feel like the devs really want to make a game that gamers enjoy. Their active communication alone causes me to overlook any negatives. So yeah, it has some growing to do, but in the end, this is goign to be an awesome game."
76561197993757780,Not Recommended,672860,34511125,Posted: 26 August,all,sresk,"I'd like to leave this a thumbs up but I just can't. This feels like it needs more time before it was released. As the game stands right now there just is no end game and nothing to do after about an hour or two. I seriously concidered returning it before 2 hours played but decided to give it a little more time... I regret that.The thing is, there is not much wrong with the game for its price, the graphics and sound are fine, the only bug I ran into got patched immediatly, there is nothing to complain about. But there is also nothing to reccomend. This is a lighter version of planet base with less depth and less to do."
76561198052951596,Not Recommended,672860,34354047,Posted: 19 August,all,Bucktooth,"After the first couple of hours I was annoyed at the game. After the tutorial Every game I played kept crashing.I've tried a new game on a different level and today things seem to be much better. There are still a few issues to be worked out but this game now shows good potential. Some of the English translation could be better. The game needs some balencing. Particularly during the first hour of gameplay. EG having just 1 technician who wanders around not building anything as their morale has dropped too low. Items are delivered to building sites metal first then plastic instead of which module you built first. Or distance from the storage. There doesn't seem to be any pattern.I've seen a couple of updated even in 1 day which seem to have improved the game stability.Here are a couple of points I would like to see:I would like to be able to control my technicians to instruct them which module to build first.If i have a worker who is diseased, why do they finish their current task before going for treatment? The ""go to Med-bay"" or stop work button should immediately interrupt the task.Health following an injury drops too quickly often killing the worker.When pausing the game, even though the people stop moving, the timer keeps going.When hiring staff from the trade ship, you cannot see all of the skills as you hover over each worker. The text needs to be smaller or reformatted so that the pop up window actually fits on the screen.My initial review was a bit hasty, so I'm giving this game another shot. Yes there are some problems but it shows good potential. In a month or two once the bugs have been ironed out this will be worth buying."
,Not Recommended,672860,34427156,Posted: 22 August,all,hamzahullah,"I actually like this game a lot. Its quite fun, and although a bit repetitive, its great to strategize which move to make next to optimize each run you do to make enough money to self sustain yourself. As many said, the only way to play this game is with the new infinite oxygen mod they added. Other than that, there ends up being a finite ending and not a progressive game. Perhaps create an add on that allows you to create and attack other stations, where you can upgrade your ship and weapons to branch out further than the base.But unfortunately its all a dream because you can't even get to making money 90% of the time because it crashes all the time. Zoom out? No no, dont do that, CRASH. Switch manufaturing item? Wait 300 metal isnt enough! CRASH! Want to come back to your saved game after calming down? No no start over because replayability is a must! CRASH!I never really reviewed a game before to be honest, not even No Mans Sky. But I couldn't even play the game :(, not because my computer sucks, or I'm too dumb to figure it out. It just doesnt work.Like I said, its really fun, but you cant play it."
,Recommended,672860,34313718,Posted: 17 August,all,KyleKidd,"A base building and resource managment game.You need to juggle things like oxygen, power, food, healthcare, etc.The graphics are nice, but I would have liked to have an additional zoom level.Audio is average for this kind of game.There are two tutorials which teach you pretty much everything you need to know on how to play.You can tell the text has been translated, but it's not that bad actually.The character traits and job abilities of the NPC's are actualy quite deep.There are a ton of attributes and skills which you can inprove and select the best man for the job.Base building is fairly extensive, with a large amount of new things to research and stuff to do.A downside is that placement is a bit basic, relying on a large grid placement system.Random events do occasionally happen: asteriods, pirates, traders, base degradation, power failures, etc.Overall, the game is actually quite solid.  Fans of base-managment and resource-balancing games will probably like this one.  Recommended, but perhaps the game wuold be more competitive at a slightly lower price point.First Impression Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlCzUym7mSY"
76561198010295227,Not Recommended,672860,34318958,Posted: 17 August,all,arthureloi,"Unfortunately, as cool as the concept of this game is, there are a lot of bugs and very questionable design decisions that render it unplayable. The save scumming, crashes to desktop and bugs galore make this unpolished game unplayable."
,Recommended,672860,34383834,Posted: 20 August,all,wwsean08,"It doesn't seem ready for prime time, and seems like it could use some work.  That being said it ahas potential to be a great game if you can keep oxygen in your station.  If you're looking for a polished bugless game, this isn't for you, if you're looking for a strange and frustrating game, then you may like it."
76561198058506808,Recommended,672860,34401910,Posted: 21 August,all,Trtl,Decent little simulator especially for the price a couple of little bugs in it but devs are still actively squashing them.. could do with a little more content but it's still promising..
,Recommended,672860,34381725,Posted: 20 August,all,SharxX8,"Its a fun little colony sim with a space station coating.Pick proper workers for the right jobs,take care of their needs, build the right structures, trade and fight the occasional ""disasters""That said the mechanics are rather shallow and most possibilites are exhausted quite quickly.This also means that some aspects like worker management might be too lackluster for a longer period of time.Nonetheless the lack of depth also makes for a more relaxing experience and and a less steep learning curve as other titles.The tutorial is well put together and most functions are intuitive.Overall a great little timekiller, and worth the purchase if one prefers a more arcade like simulation."
,Not Recommended,672860,35181763,Posted: 24 September,all,a Toaster,"Just get Planetbase. Almost the same game, but Planetbase has more to it."
,Not Recommended,672860,35093059,Posted: 20 September,all,DS,"I have only one word for this game: Planetbase. Both games are about same (managing space colonies), but Planetside works better than StellarHub. So, if you are looking for space colony management sim - go for Planetside.And now for a little more expanded explanation - why I like Planetbase better:1. Mechanics - while both games operate on more or less same mechanics, some of StellatHub mechanics make little sense - the whole grid-based construction makes me feel a bit weird along with weird cimilarity of modules, when it comes to their look, but the main weirdness is, of course, solar power points and gas clouds. For comparison - in Planetbase you have freeform placement of modules and furniture in them, the only limit is number of connections your module can have. Solar power plants can be built anywhere and work based on day-night cycle. And, of course, you don't have to pay for a right to build a new module - all you need to supply the needed materials.2. Immerrsion. I hope that it would be improved in future, but right now Stellarhub does its best to break immersion in the game. Game does everything to show that it's just a flat map with sprites on top of it with little regard of what is there. Everyone walks over crates in the hub. Cargocrew digs into middle of the module and pulls crates from the floor. Sleeping outside of bedroom character rolls all over machinery in the room. Characters sitting in cantina sit above the table. As soon as you start to build something - everyone rushes there, because... because they love hanging in half-built zones instead of hanging in the lounge or bar or somewhere, where it would make sense. There are lots of sprites for sleeping, but there is only one for work for most crewmembers, so technican repairing something just kneels somewhere in the module (not even close to the problem point) and problem goes away. Things like oxygen leak don't seem to affect crew even slightest and they casually stroll into module with problem, etc, etc, etc.There are some good points in the game - like ability to reassign your crew to do any task (In Planetbase - you can have a colony of food-producing botanists, who would happily die, because none of them would lift a finger to patch that broken oxygen generator) - but still it feels pretty unfinished at current state, bringing too little of its own mechanics and interesting points and a lot of weirdness like sun shining only over a special spot in space and so on."
76561198053610061,Recommended,672860,34319744,Posted: 17 August,all,hippielettuce,"Very fun management/sim of a space base. You have to manage resources, workers...etc...The tutorial throws a lot at you but you figure it all out fairly quick. As others have mentioned there are some grammer mistakes but whatever. Fun gameplay, nice visuals, and a great game for multiple plays. 9/10*EDIT*After roughly 4 more hours of gameplay I am still enjoying the hell outta this game! There are a couple balance issues I have experienced, but every playthrough has been different from the previous, so it is kinda hard to judge(which may be a good thing?). They definiately need a streamlined/better way to look at all of your crew members at the same time, and what they are doing/skills/traits etc. But other than those minor issues its still shaping up to be a great game!10/10"
76561198003426977,Not Recommended,672860,35396512,Posted: 1 October,all,zin_type,"I've tried to like it and even suggested some poss fixes in the discussion boards.  Devs general response is that its too much work.  The game is made using resources from a seperate prior failed kickstarter campaign for a different game and the execution of THIS game is lacking.tl;dr  I get what they were going for, but dont expect much entertainment after you pass the learning curve as the flaws become all to obvious.Pros:You're in space building a station... so if that's your thing... rock on.Gui works well for the most part.Devs initially tried to fix some of the bugs reported.Cons:Getting your people to actually BUILD or WORK can be a hassle and you'll reset often until you figure out the depression/apathy/rngesus of characters deciding not to work.Don't expect much in the way of bug fixes/new features/ fixes to flawed game play mechanics.The devs are more interested in getting translations from the community so others can buy/play the game than interested in polishing the mechanics of the game."
,Recommended,672860,34348079,Posted: 19 August,all,Jachymor,"In short: A game in spirit of Startopia in terms of mechanics, but less in style. A competent space station manager with just enough complexity, but a too sterile setting. The grid is too obvious and it lacks a bit of charme. However, you can choose how to earn money and be self-sufficient, a trader genius or a simple tourist trap. However, it lacks options like Startopia had: You have one quality level and no questionable choices, like recycling corpses for food.Good for: Startopia-Fans seeking a serious tone or new splash of colour alltogetherBad for: The other Startopia-Fans"
76561197992304857,Recommended,672860,34352799,Posted: 19 August,all,P-Rexx,The games a little buggy right now but the developers seem very committed to making this a great game. There have been some great recommendations from users that if implemented will make this a great game but it's still worth the $8.99 in it's current state.
,Recommended,672860,34360874,Posted: 19 August,all,Colonel Cadaver,"A good builder game at an attractive price. There is enough gameplay here to keep you happy for around five to six hours, more if you like to challenge yourself to create the most efficient layouts and like to complete all the achievements. There is enough micromanagement to keep you busy and challenged. It won't keep you busy for 100s of hours but then again it is only £5.99 and it is worth that money.Graphics and art style is excellent, sound and music enjoyable. Translation to English was noticeably unnatural in places but has been fixed in recent updates. I'd recommend it for people who like builder games, like space games and don't have the time or patience for more complex Rim World like games."
,Recommended,672860,34356792,Posted: 19 August,all,SMB,"Good game, entertaining and quite challenging - not quite ftl in a space station setting but close.If you like your games bug free and complete I wouldn't buy just yet, but the devs are engaged and seem to be addressing all the smaller issues very quickly, and have more updates in the future."
76561197970470792,Recommended,672860,34345316,Posted: 19 August,all,Big Poppa,If you like planet base this is a must buy really enjoying it
,Recommended,672860,34335413,Posted: 18 August,all,morts_21,"Good Game, Need some more work on the bug fixes but fun to play and competitive"
,Recommended,672860,34331544,Posted: 18 August,all,Trien,"Fun game, just needs more content."
76561197978606536,Not Recommended,672860,35082200,Posted: 20 September,all,MAD,"I was looking for something a little more seriouse.Harvesting sun icons, gas clouds and rocks floating in space is a little to arcady for me.Also the modules are awefully similar in appearance"
76561198087267003,Not Recommended,672860,34380796,Posted: 20 August,all,howiethe2nd,"This game is unplayable. It crashes whenever you zom out. Rubbish, don't buy it."
76561197963280493,Not Recommended,672860,34320020,Posted: 17 August,all,Crashs,"no ai, this is basicly a death simulator"
