user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,674520,35079695,Posted: 20 September,all,Gamma Lyrae,"This is everything the store page claims and more. The influences are evident - Street fighter, Streets of Rage, Golden Axe, Battletoads, Final Fight - the sole programmer seemingly combed through every game you could conceivably call a ""beat em up"" from the 90s, and cherry picked some of the best elements from each. Better yet, he managed to wrangle a surprising amount of depth out of it without having to resort to a ""lane"" system, or requiring you to press a button to toggle which direction you're looking, like some other games in the genre have leaned on in order to shoehorn more fighting-game-style inputs in.The presentation is top notch. From the moment you launch it, the CRT filter and arcade cabinet overlay make it clear exactly what kind of game you're getting in to. The musician that was hired gets his own intro, and it's off to the games title screen proper, and you're greeted by the games logo as a tune practically plucked straight out of Guilty Gear blares in the background. Pressing start brings up a neat menu, making it immediately obvious that this game has plenty of secrets to unearth.My first foray into the game was by myself, and the pre-game tutorial (which is very arcade appropriate, by the way) tells you just enough to get you going. In the path that I decided to take, new enemy types were slowly introduced, usually by themselves or in pairs, to give you time to figure out how to defeat them. Once you've had some time to practice against them, they start coming in greater numbers, or combined with other enemy types, to create a mental challenge that demands you keep track of all of them. They all telegraph their attacks, but it's up to you to make sure that you can either get out of the way, or throw something into them before they connect with you.The game is quite challenging, even on Normal. I found myself falling into button-mashing habits very early on, and got a game over on stage 2. Determined not to credit feed this game, I let the timer run out and gave it another go from stage 1. Everything I'd learned up to that gameover point, and a new-found level of caution got me up to the 6th stage before running out of Steam again. It wasn't until I parked my wife next to me and we played together that we were able to defeat the final boss, using a single continue. After seeing one ending, the game unlocks a new menu item that shows you exactly how much ""progress"" you've made. I won't spoil it for you here, but suffice to say, the game has plenty of replayability.Since this game is rooted deeply in the days of old, where you buy a game and you own it, and extras are something you unlock and not just fork money over for, there's plenty for you to unlock. Alternate costumes, new colors for any costumes you already have, new playable characters, new modes, and more. Scoring points in Arcade mode and beating the game or getting a game over converts those points into coins, a currency used to unlock things in the extras shop. With the rate that you earn coins, and the number of branching paths available to you, there's plenty of incentive to play the game again and again, including higher difficulty modes that present more of a challenge as you gradually figure out the combo system and how to deal with the enemies.If I have any major gripes, it's the absence of online play, and lack of a manual. Only being able to share this experience with local friends is not entirely out of place for the 90s arcade atmosphere the game is promoting very thoroughly, but as a modern title, it's moderately disappointing that I can't share it with my online friends too. I'd also have liked to have some sort of documentation that explains how to pull off the extra moves and combos that, occasionally, I'd pull off entirely by accident. Perhaps this is revealed to you later with the ""tips"" system available in the Extras shop? Still, after having played through once and having familiarized myself with the controls and how to effectively use the one ""combo"" they teach you, I wanted to know more, and was prepared to read for it. Perhaps they're taught to you in the training mode, which is something else you can buy in the Extras shop...but I'm not yet certain, as I haven't bought that extra yet.The controls are tight, the overall presentation package is superb, and the length of the game is just about right to casually whip this game out in front of a friend, sibling, or partner and force them to play it with you. Some may protest the price tag, but I think it's a silly notion to expect a game with this much content on offer to be any cheaper than it is. Do yourself a favor and pick this one up!"
76561198170205317,Recommended,674520,35073423,Posted: 19 September,all,jgencs98,"To start off:As a fan of old-school beat em' ups like Streets of Rage and Final Fight, I have to say that anyone who enjoyed those games in any capacity will enjoy this game.The graphics look fantastic, the soundtrack is superb, the game is fun to play but tricky to master, (as any good beat em' up should be) and has a variety of customization options both for things like the visual display as well as various costumes and modes to play through. All in all, a fantastically well made product.Congratulations to all of the staff that worked on this game, you did a fantastic job"
,Recommended,674520,35072740,Posted: 19 September,all,TotalTortilla,"Pros:- Super stylish presentation with gorgeous art and a killer soundtrack- Fluid combat, rarely ever feel out of control of the situation- Branching paths for added replayability- Characters all feel unique and fun- Unlock/play as enemies in Battle Mode and Score AttackCons:- Advanced tutorials locked at the start- Certain enemies don't play fair (looking at you, Doberman)Overall:If you're a die-hard fan of beat-em-ups who yearns for their golden age, you've got no reason not to check this out. If you're on the fence, I wouldn't fault you for waiting until a sale of perhaps $15 or under. Fight'N Rage is an easy recomendation from me."
,Recommended,674520,35179547,Posted: 24 September,all,YagamiBrando,"This is hands down the best beat'em up on steam. Great graphics and animations, cool presentation, awesome guitar soundtrack, gameplay depth with juggle combos/parrys/throw escapes, unlockable content, references to other classic beat'em up and fighting games, multiple endings and much more!So if you like beat'em ups this is a must.10 out of 10, no less %)"
76561198002050721,Recommended,674520,35171352,Posted: 23 September,all,HexCaster,"This game and it's lone developer really need to be getting more attention then they are getting.Fight'N Rage is a very solid sendup to the beat-em-up genre with a pumpin soundtrack, styalish and detailed pixle art graphics, and lot of content and replayablity."
,Recommended,674520,35231810,Posted: 26 September,all,Real Soviet Bear,"As someone who has played a lot of Cadillacs & Dinosaurs, Golden Axe, Streets of Rage and Final Fight, I can vouch that Fight'N Rage is a remarkable example of beat-em-up craftsmanship. The game offers 56 possible endings based on routes and character combinations, a crapton of unlockables and a very deep fighting system. Enemies can be juggled into insane combos and if you have a friend with you, you can even kill certain bosses in one well-coordinated combo.Beating the game several times doesn't just net you different endings, but you get to unlock new costumes and even regular enemies as characters to play with. Oh yeah, and if you are worried about not having friends to play with to get all the endings, the game lets you unlock a CPU partner mode to help you with that!What's even more impressive is that it was made by just two developers, one of which only did the music."
76561198016745432,Recommended,674520,35199878,Posted: 25 September,all,kuna777,"I`m a long time fan of the beat `em up genre. I`m seriously collecting arcade hardware/PCB`s and spend some big money on it, many of those are Beat` em ups! I keep revisiting the classics and still enjoy them a lot!Now, this game blew me away...not instantly but shortly after! What an amaizing game! It captures the spirit of the greats from the 90ies and builds upon them massively! It doesn`t copy anything but it also doesn`t want to be too far away from its ispirations! It`s like the perfect brawler from the 90ties which never got released!Out of 10:Graphics: 9/10Sound: 8/10Gameplay:single player: 8/10two/three player: 10/10Creating the perfect oldschool Beat `em Up: 11/10MUST BUY!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,674520,35085127,Posted: 20 September,all,metal_spider,"Initial impressions:-overblown CRT/Chromatic Abberation effects on by default, thankfully it's possible to dial this down-the core mechanics are very fleshed out in this 2d beat em up on a traditional 3 button layout (attack, jump, special)-closer to Final Fight than Streets of Rage i.e. target combos into back throw/forward throw-does still feature the walk up grapple system from Streets of Rage-backgrounds vary in quality (some are really barebones, some are very well drawn)-branching paths in  stages akin to Dungeons and Dragons (Capcom) / Dragon's Crown, seems to lead to distinctly different playthroughs-Tons of homages to 2d brawlers/fighters (M. Bison's c.HK, Guy's Bushin chain into throw, the Ultimate Warrior from Streets of Rage, E. Honda's sumo buttslam, etc)-Streets of Rage 3 power gauge system where you get a free use of a panicked, invincible clearing move on a cooldown; if used during cooldown, docks a significant chunk of your own HP-Just Frame/Parry System from Street Fighter 3/Garou in which you can tap any horizontal direction at the precise point of getting hit to go invulnerable and negate hitstun/blockstun, allowing you to squeeze in attacks-Very satisfying grab tech/throw escape mechanic - tap jump on reaction to getting grabbed to avoid being thrown, leaves enemy in a throw whiff state for you to counterattack-Flying enemies are still a pain, much more so when it comes to flying bosses.-Decent unlock system akin to Streets of Rage Remake, earn coins in main campaign (purchasable modes, costumes, difficulty levels (easy mode), playable enemy characters (only in Duelling Arena VS. mode))-darn flying enemies-training mode where you... whoa... this is combat depth closer to the likes of a fighting game. Combos challenges to be done (i.e.jump in down+attack and land into 3-hit target combo into run cancel into running attack into 4hit chain cancel into flash kick cancel into air special)-there are also air movement options available in the form of walljumps and launching yourself off successful jump-in attacks (Smash Bros style)-you can air recover by pressing the jump button to avoid getting juggled-yo, flying enemies, why?-must be the path I chose through the story, but I had tons of difficulty with the flying boss on the raft."
,Recommended,674520,35094472,Posted: 20 September,all,Worstcat MK. II,Loaded It up.Played for about 5 minutes.????.Profit.Hint: the ???? is retroboobs. I like to call them... Roobs.Seriously though this brings back the fun of nostalgia with a really good tight control system and old school difficulty.
,Recommended,674520,35070499,Posted: 19 September,all,RowdyLestat,As a huge fan of Beat em ups this game rocks. The design has that nostalgic feeling and the different display setting further that feeling. The gameplay is hard and the enemies can be unforgiving if you get cornered. The combo system is simple but flexible and lets you come up with cool combos. Also its clear the developers are fans of the SF series which is not bad. There's parries and tiger uppercuts and even bisons slide and i love it. There's also plenty to unlock and a bunch of endings for replayability. If youre a fan of the genre then check it out.
76561197996797986,Recommended,674520,35088098,Posted: 20 September,all,wohtra,"First off, this game has a fantastic soundtrack, if you're a long time fan of the Guilty Gear series you'll feel right at home from the first note.A quick note before delving into the visuals, if you don't like the CRT mode you can turn it off in the settings, though I loved it, it can be a little distracting at times.The visual design of this game from what I've seen of it so far is superb. The stage tiles are given life by a healthy mix of colors with good shading techniques, detailed background and foregrounds (The foregrounds are just on screen enough to give detail, but not enough to block the screen. I love it.) with animated effects such as raging fires, or down pouring rain with ripple effects, that all come together without making it difficult to navigate the screen.Enemy and character design follows suit, I've yet to ever lose myself or the enemy on the screen, even when there's a ton of stuff going on. On that note, lets talk about gameplay.The game will give you a short, brief little tutorial on the controls at your disposal, how to walk, inputting a directional button twice for a dash or a dodge, and your jump, attack, and super button. As you progress through the stages you'll beat up some dudes and earn points that'll turn into coins you can spend on new characters, costumes, and other cool stuffs.Real quick note, first thing I strongly advise anyone gets it's the training mode. There's some hidden depth behind all of the characters movesets and this will take you through them all (as far as I know thusfar)The game is challenging without feeling entirely unfair (though it looks like Ricardo has a tougher time on his own given that he doesn't have a dash/dodge) by yourself, and is a blast with a friend or two.Getting through to the end will take practice, this isn't just a smash attack to win styled beat 'em up.  learning how the various enemies and their AI's function, and most importantly who to prioritize when, and how you can string your combo's together in combination with dashes/dodges, jumps and kicks to avoid damage. (You can jump again when ever your character is above an enemy sprite! There is no limit far as I can tell on how many times you can do this.)Big thing to note, you have a decent amount of delay time you can make use of between each attack, sometimes hitting one guy as fast and hard as possible isn't the best play at your disposal, but rather drawing a hit string out so that you can get the really dangerous guys into the combo, worst comes to worst, dodge, or super out of it if things look iffy.The various different paths are a nice touch I feel, some good examples that come to mind, in one of the stages (on a diversion from the standard path already) you have the choice to either escape upwards down a path, or to continue on facing a seemingly endless horde of enemies. Or, in the first stage, you can flee the burning town to the left just like the rest of the townsfolk are doing. And the final example, for saving a hostages life, before the boss can do them in.Now, real quickly. I'd like to go over some stuff that would be nice quality of life improvements. If you could map a button to be a context action for dash/dodge, so for example, I use a playstation controller. X is super, O is jump, Triangle is attack, I'd love it if I could map it so that I could press, or hold square, and tap any directional button to trigger it's respective dash or dodge. Just something that would take some pain off my left hand and make the gameplay feel a little less frantic.Second thing that would be nice, and might already be in the game, I don't know. (as of yet, I have not beaten the game on normal, just so you know.) It'd be awesome if there was a way to see a roadmap of the stages you've seen, and the possible exits within them, and how many of them you've seen.Again, these aren't stuff that are needed, just feel like it would improve the game a little.All in all, I put this right up there with Double Dragon Neon for one of my favorite beat 'em up games and hope to see more from SebaGames! Please keep up the fantastic work!Edit: Stage 8 is made of nightmares and hopelessness. my hands know only pain. But I won't let this beat me. may want to throw in just one more food drop at some point in that stage, also might want to include a save at level start/check point feature for those of us with hand issues, so we can take a break and come back later when the pain has died down.A boss with super armor, in a tiny room, surrounded by mooks, that he wont hit, might not be the best idea.of the main three cast, Gal feels to be the weakest of the three with few ways to deal with enemies with super armor, she can't throw the larger enemies (which, is fair. she's the smallest, least muscular of the three.) but she I can't help but feel she needs something that'll let her break through armored enemies. Still love playing as her, just an idea for putting back on similar footing as the others."
,Recommended,674520,35106606,Posted: 21 September,all,Ole Baba,"hurry up n buy, especially if you love those old classic  beat em ups.warning tho...this one is hard as fk"
,Recommended,674520,35102762,Posted: 21 September,all,AkaTheSkay,"One of if not the best beatemup to come out in the last decade. 3 players (and possibly higher?!) multiple branching paths, unlockable characters and features like training mode, street fighter 3 style parrying and did I mention... 56 endings?!Every fight has weight, every enemy is a threat,  just like every Godlke beatemup should be. You would think that would be an obvious thing but so many games don't understand the importance of that. Oh yeah! And it was all made by 1 person except the sounds and music.If you love and understand beatemups you need this game. It'll kick your♥♥♥♥♥and make you like it. The only things I could possibly fault this game on is the lack of an online component and the difficulty will make you millenial kids cry."
76561197995566346,Recommended,674520,35118837,Posted: 21 September,all,Cuppasoop,"A great homage to the arcade beat-em-ups of old. It doesn't do much new, as far as I've seen, but what it does do, it does very well."
76561198071429626,Recommended,674520,35364407,Posted: 30 September,all,Angel,"A beautiful game with great 2d graphics, spot-on gameplay and a killer soundtrack. Don't wait for a sale, it deserves full price."
76561198040837514,Recommended,674520,35114045,Posted: 21 September,all,Brudda,"I highly recommend purchasing this game.  This game nails every aspect of a good beat-em-up game.  If you're a fan or a newcomer to the genre, this game is a must buy.The combat mechanics are perfect, even though there are only 3 buttons to press, there is surprisingly a good amount of combos that you can pull off.  Also the combat feels very satisfying, every attack has a lot of weight behind it which in turns makes it very satisfying to punch enemies.The stage design is fairly simple with multiple branching paths that you can take.Music is excellent.  I'm don't really care for music in video games, but the soundtrack in this game sticks out a lot to me in a good way.  It has the ""pumped up"" feeling which makes you want to go berserk and destroy everything in the game.There are many unlockables in the game, such as skins, which gives it a very high replay value.Overall I am very satisfied with the game, this is definitely one of the best beat-em-ups I have played in a very long time.  The price is a little high, but you will definitely get your moneys worth and much more.  Definitely do put it at the top of your wishlist and wait for a sale, you really do not want to miss out on this game."
,Recommended,674520,35075687,Posted: 19 September,all,Alex Roca,"Best beat 'em up in decades and top 10 GOTY candidate for my personal taste. The only one I can remember in the recent years that can be compared is Vanillaware's Dragon's Crown, but it isn't a pure beat'em up as Fight'N Rage is.Great gameplay, awesome OST, amazing visuals, lots of references from classic beat 'em ups and Street Fighter/Darkstalkers/KOF/etc, and a ton of unlockables as many characters (mostly the enemies), costumes and way more. If you like beat 'em up games, Fight'N Rage is a must for you."
,Recommended,674520,35072641,Posted: 19 September,all,Mint,"If you like Final Fight, Street of rage or any beat them up game. Just buy it!It's 2017 and the game like this  type is rare so we must treasure it,Not to mention this is a good gamePro:Many Play mod(even Arena mod that support all Enemy with AI)Nice dot GraphicNice combo style with easy control(but deep to master,you can play like Final Fight 1 or doing 30 hits combo)Good hitting feelCon:Many content are hard to unlock (Like beat 12 Stage 6 Boss,so You need to play 72 stage repeatly)No online coop"
,Recommended,674520,35089183,Posted: 20 September,all,rokku,"Fight N' Rage is a classic style beat 'em up game.The game has fun gameplay and responsive controls, great pixel art visuals, and the story has several paths and endings, so there's replay value. You'll collect coins and unlock all kinds of stuff. Music is all right too, personally I didn't find it to be that memorable, but maybe that's just because I don't listen that much metal. Most of the time the game has a great ""game feel"", you really feel the power of those attacks. As far as I understand, the entire game was made by one person (not counting the music), so the work is very impressive and clearly a lot of effort went into making this game.There's just one thing that I don't agree with. The game goes for that arcade experience and you can't save the game between levels. You have to beat the entire game in one sitting, and I am not a huge fan of that. The game is quite short, but I could imagine it can still be too long for some people to finish in one session. The game is very much fast non-stop action and it may get a little exhausting to play it all at once. And I haven't even mentioned that the game throws huge amounts of enemies at you as you make progress, and it won't be easy for those playing in single player mode (in normal mode, at least). I haven't played in multiplayer, but at least I'd think this problem isn't that bad when playing with a friend or two.I can understand that this is how it was in other retro arcade games back in the day, but I don't see how having the option to save would hurt the game. After all, the game already has infinite continues, so it's not like saving would make finishing the game any easier. The only problem might be that save scumming could be used to cheat and get more coins than you should, but even that could be easily fixed by having it so that saving always resets your score to zero. Naturally this save feature would be completely optional and purists could disable it. Well, this all is just a suggestion. I'm just saying that the lack of saving effectively prevents Fight N' Rage from being a pick up and play -kinda game for shorter sessions. (if you don't wanna play the first levels again, that is)That aside, there's a pretty good training mode that will help you to learn the moves and combos. Every character plays differently and it's fun to learn them. Weirdly enough, you start with normal and hard difficulty modes, but easy mode is something you have to unlock by collectiong coins (maybe this was done to encourage people to not play on easy so that their skills would improve more?). I very much recommend all new players to unlock the easy mode as soon as possible and then finish the game once with it, and then try the other difficulty modes after you get better.Still, very much recommended for all fans of the genre, I've had a lot of fun with this game.+ Fun gameplay and ""game feel""+ Responsive controls+ Three main characters play differently+ Great pixel art visuals+ Different routes and endings that give it more replay value+ Generally it's a well polished game- No saving between levels, requires you to finish it in one session- Some unlocks require you to finish the game in harder difficulties, that may be really hard for some players- I would have liked to see just a few more special moves per character, or even more playable story characters (to be honest this may be unreasonable, as this game must have already been a lot of work for one developer)"
,Recommended,674520,35099280,Posted: 21 September,all,Zooism,"The game is awesome and worth every cent.  This creative dev brought all of the goodies of yesteryear and translated them into a modern package.  The gameplay is outstanding, art is picturesque, and replayability is cranked to the max.Just to touch on an example of thinking outside of the box when merging old with new, Fight'N Rage has a very unique take on how specials are performed.  When performing specials you have a special meter that builds up and allows you to do them with out an impact on your health bar, but if you can't wait for your special to build then your health meter will take a hit.  Your character can parry, jump attack, and flatout pulverize enemies.  The moves are flashy, plentiful, and sound great.Other reviews go more in depth of the highlights of this 2017 take on beat'em ups of my childhood, I'm just here to co-sign on what the other positive reviewers have already said.  This is a game well worth the asking price and shouldn't be missed!!  Now back to the FIGHT!!This beat'em up is undisputed.25 out of .25 would try to insert quarter into flatscreen again....Of course you can change direction mid-combo,  I told you this game was undisputed!!"
,Recommended,674520,35411423,Posted: 2 October,all,Jim,This might be the pinnacle of beat em ups.
,Recommended,674520,35142872,Posted: 22 September,all,Sanguine Sword,"This game is a very pleasant surprise!  I decided to try it on a whim since I have not really played a good beat em' up since Castle Crashers and Dungeon Fighter.This feels very good to play, hits have impact, there are zoom-in and explosion effects during big combos, and backgrounds and characters are quite colorful with smooth animation throughout.  To think this was made by only two people is really impressive.Fighting has depth, with an excellent combo and parry system that is reminiscent of a 2D fighting game like Street Fighter (Which is referenced a few times throughout the game).  Good crowd control and use of your entire arsenal is needed, as the game is quite challenging.  I beat it on Normal but it took some effort.  There are many unlockables, branching paths, and endings, enough to keep you busy for quite a long time.Originally, I was offput by 20 dollars for a beat em' up, but after playing it feel the cost is justified.  Highly recommended to all beat em' up fans.  Tip for the developer:  Advertise where you can and get the word out about this fantastic game!"
76561198028081528,Recommended,674520,35094316,Posted: 20 September,all,velvetrose,High quality beat'em'up with plenty of combo depth
76561198040314984,Recommended,674520,35115708,Posted: 21 September,all,Azuresquall,"This game scratched an itch I never knew I had.An absolutely fantastic modern version of coin operated arcade beat em up's, impressive visuals, precise controls, great music, great references to the games it pays homage to and beyond, and tons of replayability.An unfortunate lack of online multiplayer, but otherwise a surprise contender for my favorite indie game of the year, and possibly one of my favorite of 2017 in general."
,Recommended,674520,35355184,Posted: 30 September,all,Darkside_Hero,An awesome call back to Streets of Rage and Final Fight with a few 1v1 mechanics mixed in.Highly recommend foir beat'em up fans!
,Recommended,674520,35145147,Posted: 22 September,all,William Shakesman,"How good can your combat system be with just one button? For Fight n Rage, pretty dang good.One man put this game together, a classic arcade beat-em-up love letter to everything from Final Fight to Streets of Rage to TMNT and damn near everything in between, FnR is quite a ride. Let me repeat that, one man did the amazing sprite-work and the same man did the combat mechanics and balancing. It's obscene how much talent went into this. The only other guy on the project gave us the rocking soundtrack!But let's not grade on a scale. FnR stands on its own merits. It runs like a standard arcade brawler, you charge into a screen, and a whole army of angry roided up furries want to beat you to a bloody pulp. The end of your basic combo can be the usual power hit or a backwards or forwards quick throw, with iframes during the throw. This mechanic is your bread and butter and the decision you make at each combo is how most of your crowd control goes. Naturally, since this is a 2010s indie game, you can chain additional moves off of that. An uppercut, a few specials (Using the SoR3 system of a recharging special meter and costing health if you use beyond the meter) support your crowd control, your damage, and your combo creativity. A double tap dodge and the usual Final Fight/SoR touch grapple round out your moveset.The enemies are a villainous assortment of p*ssed off mutants and dominatrixes**. And there is a LOT of them. The numbers the game throws at you would be ridiculous in most other brawlers but the flow and power of your combos is just enough to manage them. Ranged attackers, fliers, dive bombers, chargers, each enemy has a different gimmick, ranging from weak mook up to footsies playing midboss. The entire classic beat-em-up menagerie is here and then some! I have two issues though, one being the preponderence of the gimmick ""Does a stupidly strong attack from just outside your strike range and does everything to stay outside that range*,"" which is aggravating, and the other is the number of enemies with wakeup attacks. Considering how chaotic the numbers are in play and how much you are moving with each combo, it is really tough to avoid accidentally knocking down a wakeup enemy in you combo only to eat the wakeup before you can move away from it, or even notice it. The bosses that wakeup attack just slow the game down.Speaking of bosses, they are as varied as the mooks. The early ones in your runs (With branching paths, you will not see all of them in one play) tend to be pretty lame souped up normal enemies, but as the game progresses you will see all kinds. SoR style is the name of the game; they play fair by standard brawler rules... usually. Nothing is as nasty as some of the worst of SoR's bosses, but so many resist throws or have hyper armor that some of your combo fun tends to fade at those bosses.The game runs about an hour, and for an arcade brawler it feels a little long. I have cleared it multiple times and almost every time I feel it ran about 15 minutes longer than it needed to. To bolster that replayability, you have three characters with unique movesets. You also have branching paths leading to different levels, almost all radically different, and different endings, almost all equally inconsequential. There is also a persistent unlock system, rewarding you costumes if you display incredible technical skill or an assortment of extra game modifiers (AI companions, turbo mode, more difficulties, score attack, an AI or 2P vs mode where you can play as any hero or villain in the game.). If you're willing to put the work in, there is a lot of stuff to unlock by becoming very good at this game and its combo system.My only issues are that the game runs quite long for something you must do in one sitting and that the final stretch of the game is grueling even by the standards of the genre. Even SoR1's monstrously long final hallway does not feel quite as drawn out and draining as FnR's finale. And no matter how you branch the story you're going to have the same final two levels that blur together into one incredibly long final gauntlet. And every time you get there, you will roll your eyes and briefly consider taking a dive, not continuing, and just collecting the unlock bux for the stuff you've done so far.In the end, though, those are not huge issues. The best compliment I can give is that Fight n Rage plays as good as it looks, and if you are hungry for another beat-em-up, and don't mind something that will put you through a ringer, give Fight n Rage a shot. I think the issues it has will impact the long-term playability of it***, but being ""Not quite as good as SoRR and Streets of Fury EX for replay"" still puts it in very good company.*Don't worry, they don't do RCRU level of endless backpedaling, but do expect a lot of really tedious games of footsies as you both move back and forth on the z-axis trying to jockey for position as they have a nasty habit of attacking you when you go for a dash attack.**There is not much explanation plot-wise for why the girl enemies are dominatrixes, so I figure the default ""Of COURSE a game about huge dudes beating the crap out of each other should have girls with big boobies and whips fighting in it too! What are you, stupid?"" is as good an explanation as any. I am not complaining.***In fact, I like the game, but I think I am done with it as of this review just because of how draining it ends up being to clear."
,Recommended,674520,35077253,Posted: 19 September,all,AureliaLeGuin,"I got to say this game is really hard for a guy like me who doesn't know the trick to go through a  2D side scroller beat'em up without dying so many times, but I really love this feelingI love this game. It brings me back to the time when I used simulators to play the Capcom classic beat'em up arcade games like Captain Commando, Punisher, Alien VS Predator, Battle Curcuit, etc. I love them, also I love Knight of Valors, Golden AXE 3.Is this game perfect? NoSome of the saving points are a little bit annoying like stage 5 the sewer part. If you die there, u gonna play that part again even though you meet the bossSometimes we got too many enemies to deal withWe could have more combination keys like 236a 46a, even 82a(a stands for normal attack button)But the action, system, music, art style of this game are great, not perfect, but they fit the game so wellI got to say, I am feeling so frustrated right now because I die so many times during the game using Gal.But I love this game.If you love the 2D side-scroller beat'em up, don't worry my friend. Click Add to Cart. I promise you will love it."
,Recommended,674520,35077783,Posted: 19 September,all,grant,"Surprising amount of depth to this little 2d fighter! In just a few hours of gameplay I have discovered how to parry, special input attacks, combo strings, mix-ups, and combo-string mixups that turn into juggles. Wall juggling is very entertaining, and if you build a super before you launch into one of these, you can pretty much one-shot any bad guy. Do enough overkill damage and they'll explode into blood and bones! This is the side-scroller you played in the 90s, but without the limitations from 90s hardware. Often times there are darn near 20 enemies on screen and the well optimized game handles it all like a champ.If you were a fan of Streets of Rage, Final Fight, or even Street Fighter you are in for a surprise. There are nods to these great games and probably more packed into every level. You see where bosses draw inspiration from your favorite characters when their movesets come out. One boss is based off of Zangief from Street Fighter, in a level that appears to be based off of Vega's level. But there's plenty of unique enemy types to the game as well. I particularly enjoyed the flies armed with boxing gloves.What else does this game have besides great combat and great level design? It has a fantastically scored musical track to carry you through your journey. Speaking of your journey, while you're on it you will be collecting in game currency to unlock TONS of extra goodies. It looks like you can unlock the entire roster of enemy fighters for the 1v1 battle mode. Want to use that Zangief-like character to smash your friend with command grabs? Unlock him and use him! This game has no micro-transactions, so all of your unlocks will come via rewards for playing.In an era of cookie-cutter triple A games that have stagnated our market, Fight'N Rage is both a breath of fresh air and a fantastic dopamine-induced Nostalgia trip. Grab one of the three unique story characters and dive in."
,Recommended,674520,35078391,Posted: 19 September,all,El Sato,"Ive been following the development for a while, and now thats out you can see the love put into this one! great graphics, great gameplay, tough but just enough so you still wanna keep trying, a very well put game overall, i love almost everything about it, my only complaint if i have one is that im not a big fan of the old crt effect but you can disable that, so is not really a problem... just a preference of mine, and i can see why the devs may preffer that as part of their vision of the game.Whatever, cant wait to get some friends to play this with me!"
76561198089847516,Recommended,674520,35116695,Posted: 21 September,all,Eli_ElitE,"This game is amazing it brings you back to games like teenage mutant ninja turtles and castle crashers. The art is amazing and the way the lighting and graphics work together so well just leave me speechless. the gameplay is fluid and almost seemless. The game is no holds bar tho and will kick your♥♥♥♥♥but the challenge is very much welcomed. there are moments where the difficulty spikes hard but its never immpossible and the checkpoints are pretty reasonable. There is so much to unlock and the multiple endings and pathways make it worth replaying over and over. i would totally recommend this game to anyone that is looking for a fun arcade beat'em up, its worth every penny and im totally looking forward to a sequel if there ever is one."
,Recommended,674520,35132807,Posted: 22 September,all,Nex Votum加油,This game feels like Streets of Rage and Final Fight had a baby.
76561198041099788,Recommended,674520,35500305,Posted: 5 October,all,Tathendal,"Only 1 hour down I will say this: WHAT A GREAT BEAT EM UP! I have played SoR Remake countless of hours so much that I have been craving a proper new beat' em up action, and this is IT! This game has a good, deep, PROPER combo systems, various enemy types and attack patterns etc, (unlike many joke beatemups there are on steam that I won't even mention). I am telling you this game is right there with SoR and Mother Russia Bleeds! Well worth the asking price! I will try to update when more hours."
76561197982612110,Recommended,674520,35113683,Posted: 21 September,all,Needlecrash Zero,"Game is awesome! Great soundtrack, lots of unblockables, old school feel, can't go wrong! Only downside is that the game doesn't have online multi-player. Get it! Scratches the Streets of Rage itch and it'll tie you over til Paprium comes out!"
76561198047846289,Recommended,674520,35100337,Posted: 21 September,all,advanches,"Amazing graphics and animations, great soundtrack, tight controls and a good difficulty. The developer's love and care while making this game really shows."
76561198043797286,Recommended,674520,35110272,Posted: 21 September,all,Rough Jazz,"This game has great punch feel and its music and colors will rile you up.Slick, slick presentation. From title screen on, it feels like you have started something made with love and style. The score/point system make you want to top your last arcade run. The devs use enemy design and AI to make each fight feel new, so you're constantly staying on your combos and re-learning when to dodge. What you get is a beat em up that doesn't feel repetitive.And the punch feel really is good."
76561198064621210,Recommended,674520,35117418,Posted: 21 September,all,Chuy5Pesos,It takes you back to the 90s. prety fun game
,Recommended,674520,35480112,Posted: 4 October,all,Archeus,"Great game. It's as though Streets of Rage, Metal Slug, and Anime had an orgy.Plenty of unlockables to keep it going and a lot of depth to the characters combos."
76561198093692624,Recommended,674520,35117916,Posted: 21 September,all,VH Rolers,good and hard
,Recommended,674520,35073993,Posted: 19 September,all,Gitank,"I'm clocked in at just over an hour, and all I can say is that this controls so responsively, sounds so good, and has so many unlockables and moves to play with. Along with legitimate challenge to the combat that can be overcome by learning the mechanics, which feels great, and the arcade gives you a good difficulty curve for it.If you like beat 'em ups, this is one of the best new ones I've played."
76561198044917795,Recommended,674520,35097043,Posted: 20 September,all,Pale Caesar,"I bought this game within minutes of it coming available, but I wanted to wait until I got a good gist of the game before I put out a review. Hopefully this will help you make the decision if this game is for you or not.First off, a little about me, because it's very important as to why I picked this game up after only becoming aware of it the day prior to it's release, and why I did so for the $20 price tag, which seemed to have generated a little negative buzz from people who thought $10 was a better price. I'm 31 years old. I was born the year Super Mario Bros. was released, and I grew up with classic 80s leftovers and early 90s 2D pixel hits. I remember playing Final Fight 2 and especially Final Fight 3 on my SNES, and playing Streets of Rage 2 on the Genesis that belonged to the kid across the street.Two days prior to my writing this review, I was randomly searching upcoming titles, just to see if there were any gems that weren't given much hype. This game popped up. I looked at the graphics, I looked at the gameplay and I watched a little video on it, and immediately placed it on my wishlist. Why? Because this game looked like it was an homage, or the torch bearer of these old pixelated beat em up classics. So when the game dropped for $20, I bought it - without hesitation - as soon as Steam sent me the alert. And you know what? I was exactly right about this game.From the introduction, I knew this would be a love letter to games I played in my youth. The game opens with the filter set to imitate a tube television already on (scanlines included), and you're treated to some ""technical text"" overlaying a black background. Anyone who waited for the local arcade to turn on the machines in the morning will recognize this instantly as the old arcade startup screen, specifically the one used in Capcom games.From that point on, you are treated to a game that has so many homage or inside joke references to older beat em up and fighting games of this era that you can't help but feel the nostalgia dripping off the screen - provided, of course, that you ARE nostalgic for that period of gaming. There are honestly so many ""old school references"" that I can't remember them all to put down. Firstly, the name of the game - ""Fight'N Rage."" While not confirmed, it wouldn't surprise me if the developer deliberately crunched the titles Streets of Rage and Final Fight together to come up with this one. The primary character, Gal, has a name that is deliberately a nod toward Guy from Final Fight. Gal's walk animation is nearly identical to the stiff walk that both Guy and SOR's Axel have. Your first boss is an enemy dressed like M. Bison from Street Fighter, who also happens to have the iconic slide move Bison has retained all these years, and his animation frame while doing it identically copies Bison's frame from Street Fighter II. The list goes on and on, and it's best not to spoil everything here. It's strongly recommended you save any other old school references for your playthrough of the game.So while this game IS in many ways a torch bearer for the old beat em ups, it does have it's own improvements over these older games. Obviously, controls are far superior, as are the animations of the characters. As with the old beat em ups, your character has a special move (multiple ones, actually), and like the older games of this genre, performing it will decrease some of your health. These moves have always been crowd clearers and escape effort attacks, and beings as they are stronger than standard attacks, the loss of health is justified, lest everyone just mash the attack through the whole game without penalty (Axel's ""Bare Knuckle"" in SOR2 is a good example of this). However, Fight'N Rage offers a decent balance - your character has an additional meter that fills up automatically over time. Once this meter is filled, your special attack is consequence-free. You will not lose health by performing it. Important to note, this meter is NOT a slow meter. It doesn't fill up exceptionally fast, nor is it a slow turtle. It's got a really good balance that means you'll see specials often in a level, but not so much that enemies can't touch you. This whole setup is great, as performing these specials not only help in garnering some breathing room or taking down enemies, but also in ""destroying"" an enemy, netting you additional points as their body explodes into bones. Points are crucial, as you gain a life for every X amount of points.That is not uncommon in beat em ups, but the points are more crucial with this game, as it does tend to be on the harder side, and lives do not come easily. The difficulty is something that has garnered criticism for this game. Yes, it is difficult, but when you consider just how closely this is linked to the old beat em ups of yesteryear, it shouldn't be much of a surprise. This game is built like an arcade game set to free play. It's not the easiest walk in the park, and the game doesn't hold your hand for long. Still, I don't think it's the hardest thing out there. In truthfulness, I have yet to beat the game, but I have reached the final boss, and simply lost because of a numbers game with near zero life. Thing is, I KNOW where my dilemma is - it lies with a certain fight right before the final room - and so I know that I have to learn how to counter this enemy in order to save health for the finale. I don't in any way feel stuck, and know it won't be long before I DO beat the final boss. (To give you an idea, my first playthrough only lasted through the first stage of the second level, and in my death, I barely racked up enough points to hit 70 coins [more on coins in a moment]. 3 playthroughs later and I can get to the final stage on the same ""quarter"" I started with)Despite the difficulty, this game is incredibly accessible. It has enough to it to learn the game and get the gist of it quickly without feeling overwhelmed. I will give an example: as much as I love River City Ransom, and the modernized sequel available on Steam, these games can be far less accessible. RCR has a number of RPG elements to it, and don't me wrong - that's fine; I love River City Ransom - but this means to start out, these games require more effort into getting acustom to everything. River City Ransom: Underground is even moreso like this. Again, that's not to say the game isn't good - it IS a lot of fun, from what I've played of it - but this is the reason why, despite have RCR:U for months now, I've already invested more time in Fight'N Rage. It's ease of gameplay is reminiscent to Streets of Rage, Final Fight, Double Dragon, etc., and it makes this game a classic ""pick up and play."" For someone like myself, sporting a 9 to 5 office job and a family to boot, I don't have as much time to play games, so I'm going to gravitate toward something I can get right into.The game features in-game currency, which you receive by automatically trading in your points every time you die or beat the game. There is a lot to unlock here, including enemies that can be used in a versus battle mode, and alternate costumes [primarily color designs] for the three main characters. I think this certainly increases the replayability of the title.There are 7 or 8 stages to this game, depending on the various paths you take (multiple paths, another plus), and I would say the length of a playthrough is about the same, maybe a little longer than the old school beat em ups. In other words, this is a game beatable in one sitting that won't make you feel like your entire day is gone afterward, which is important considering there's no sort of ""save now, play later"" feature.Final note, Gal and practically all the women in this game are nice eye candy, even if they are sprites, meaning this game gives you cheesecake to factor in as well, if that rocks your boat.Overall, if you like 90s nostalgia and a game that sits on the more challenging side, PICK THIS UP. NOW."
,Recommended,674520,35077868,Posted: 19 September,all,Robot Maid,"Welcome to the Robot Maid Review of Fight'N RageI always loved arcade games, sinking many quarters whenever I came across a cabinet. Beat 'em up games always held a place in my heart though as one of my favorite genres.It's a simple, yet solid arcade beat 'em with great pixel art and rocking music. If you ever enjoyed a beat 'em up like Streets of Rage, Final Fight, or Captain Commando, you'll feel right at home with this one. The story is simplistic, but has a surprising amount of depth to it, and won't interfere with the massive thrashing about.The spritework is amazing and fluid, with quite a bit of bounce (really, take a look at any of the girls) to the action. The game also has options to emulate old CRT TVs or monitors, in case you wanted that really old feel, but no matter which options you pick, the game looks fantastic.The game is simple, with three major buttons (attack, special attack, and jump). Like a lot of arcade games, it's got hidden commands to do some fancier moves, and it helps raise the excitement. Like many old school beat 'em ups, there's also multiple endings depending on which paths you take.Also, if you're like me, you get a strangely powerful feeling of catharsis when you kick a furry in the face so hard that they explode into bones. If you like beating up furries and looking at bouncy babes, then this game is for you.This has been a Robot Maid review.Thank you for reading, and I hope to see you again."
76561198195254186,Recommended,674520,35075050,Posted: 19 September,all,ptondo,"I didn't play it too long cuz wanted to put a review in. this game is great ,  old school for sure  streets of rage and final fight graphics are awsome, sounds are great , and lots of unlocks to unlock. If you like beat em ups this game is definitely right up your ally can't wait to play it some more ! Great job to the devs !  This is my first review also !"
,Recommended,674520,35138203,Posted: 22 September,all,Drop Rate Gregg,This game is INCREDIBLE!  If you are looking for classic arcade beat em up action that has super tight controls and great looking art this is it. Everything flows really well and the levels get progressively harder.  Absolutely loved it.Here is a gameplay video if you want to see the first few levels.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8s15BUWelk
76561198116874147,Recommended,674520,35092749,Posted: 20 September,all,Brigadeos,Awesome beat em up similar to battletoads. It has good art and is really fun and satisfactory so beat the crap out of the enemies. There is a lot of unlockables and good replayability and with friends is a lot of fun. If you like games like double dragon this game is for you.
76561198011352453,Recommended,674520,35138418,Posted: 22 September,all,Vodka Double-Shift,"If you like the beat em' up genre this is your wet dream. SO MUCH CONTENT! The game itself is very good and has excellent polish and mechanics. Speed run mode, a VS mode, 4 player couch co-op I mean DUDE for 20$ this is a ♥♥♥♥ing steal. The soundtrack ROCKS! So glad go give this ♥♥♥♥♥ the thumbs up. BUY IT!!!"
76561198013866358,Recommended,674520,35174636,Posted: 24 September,all,diggsatron,This is one of the most solid side scrolling beat'em'ups i have ever played
76561197989311846,Recommended,674520,35119605,Posted: 21 September,all,Taimanin Asagi,awsome game everything is top notch. except the last damn bossfight. they make u fight 3 dobbermans (freakin impossible until you learn to fight them perfectly) THEN they make you fight 2 boss leapords at once (ur not gonna beat them without losing health or atleast a life) THEN you have to fight the boss with a ton of enemies coming into the screen all the time to mess with you AND THATS ALL IN 3 GODDAMN LIVES!!!! (yes i actualy pulled my hair out and STILL havent been able to finnish it after 10 tries) good game tho
,Recommended,674520,35211255,Posted: 25 September,all,PK Blueberry,"Amazing spritework, great music, great replayability, and a good challenge!I usually don't buy too many indie games but this one looked professionally done, and by one person at that. If you are contemplating picking up this game, I would recommend it, it's also really fun with friends and getting the street fighter-ish inputs for a few hidden moves is also neat.8/10 spritework6/10 story (it's not a bad story, 6/10 isn't bad but if you want a story driven game I recommend something else.)9/10 gameplay and replayability"
,Recommended,674520,35237188,Posted: 27 September,all,twitch.tv/holyonline,"Ok, I just see my friend talking about this game, and I keep playing without any expectation about what was coming. Just get some difficult to beat the game, until I got more skills with Gal, so now it's really easy to beat the game. The first time I end the game, I was thinking about the ending, because have A LOT of endings (Chrono Trigger feellings?), and the game is really fun. I'll keep hours playing and don't see the time passing by.Buy it, it really worth. The best beat'n up I played since Fighting Force in N64, and yes, this game can be equal to Streets of Rage (I dont kiding)."
76561198016397464,Recommended,674520,35238480,Posted: 27 September,all,BigShaman,"So many indie developers have tried so hard to make a proper 2D side scrollin' beat'em up like Streets of Rage or Final Fight, but most of them didn't quite nail it. River City Underground is practical example of that: good core gameplay, but everything else just messed up. And that was a kickstarter project made by a group of developers. Now this guy from Uruguay gets everything DONE without all that goddamn publicity and advertising on webzines. And by DONE I mean pretty ♥♥♥♥ing excellent side scrollin' action with combos, enemy variety, great music (this Gonzalo Varela is an amazing composer!) and fantastic 2D sprites.Chapeau.Maybe kids won't like this one, but if like me you've grown up playing beat em ups on cabinets or on the old gen consoles, then you really have to get this. It's worth your money and it's fun, frantic, strategic great combat. The game has also branching paths and secret moves! C'mon, this is just awesome! By far Ricardo is my favorite, but I am trying to get used to F.Norris, even if it's a bit hard to master :)I really hope this guy gets all the support he deserves!Peace \m/ -_- \m/"
76561198023710145,Recommended,674520,35197237,Posted: 24 September,all,Dascuro,"This game its very legit when comes to the beat em up genre, it has a very good presentation, graphics that evoke the times when all you had was a genesis or super nintendo and a CRT TV, but this game is fast and brutal on its combat and its the no nonsense combat at that, so much so that you must earn the chance to get the easy mode, yet its a welcome challenge, so far I can tell this game might be a blast to play with friends since there are enough enemies to go arround and fun combos to be had.Fun, challenging, with good music and graphics this is a beat em up to play and enjoy either alone or with friends."
76561198038949970,Recommended,674520,35319120,Posted: 29 September,all,Goon O'Henchman,"A beautiful game with great 2d graphics, spot-on gameplay and a killer soundtrack. Don't wait for a sale, it deserves full price."
,Recommended,674520,35385052,Posted: 1 October,all,Kite Victory,"This is a really lovely brawler. I love the aesthethic, reminds me a lot of the Streets of Rage games. Love it so much. I can safely recommend it."
,Recommended,674520,35474179,Posted: 4 October,all,oraro,My manager at work recommended this game over some drinks and a plate of buffalo wings.It's a very good game.
76561198010423636,Recommended,674520,35222242,Posted: 26 September,all,blizzard5314,"A heartwarming tale about a young girl on a quest to find a sports bra. I won't give away the ending, but it's a pretty good brawler."
,Recommended,674520,35093991,Posted: 20 September,all,ctoefield,Finally a really good beatem up that made by someone who actually know what makes these types of game fun.
,Recommended,674520,35074415,Posted: 19 September,all,labtob,Any Final Fight fan should snag this.Bonus: You get to beat the crap out of furries.
76561198107385672,Recommended,674520,35086691,Posted: 20 September,all,TheBetterOffDeadGuy,"Visual design is enjoyable pixel. Quick test makes me think that I fell once again for the obvious trap of ""looks better than it tastes"" problem. I'm not saying it's a bad game but it's my first feeling for the moment. As a final fight and combatribe like maybe tastes good but for one who enjoys the musics of a street of rage also with the hidden mania mode of a street of rage 2... I don't know, I feel a lack of satisfaction without considering SOR games perfect neither the fun remakes that are possible to find around. Definitly has some cool mechanics and very good freedom of move with the run and up or down little dash jumps but the juggles and move panel feels a little limited and makes me think it could have been a bit more satisfying.From this point I'm changing my review after a longer time playing this game. It's not bad at all as a beat them up. I haven't beaten the most advanced training mode yet. The arcade playthrough is getting challenging in harder mode by more penalising checkpoints which forces the player to play real good without ever finding extra life items but only earning them by scoring every 50k. I enjoy this game more now that I know it better and there is a funny pacifier item to purchase with the game currency for those who won't get into max completion.Of course the storyline cannot be taken seriously but the fact some efforts have been made to make it funny and buttered with pretty rocking soundtrack is a good point. Also it interstingly adds the managing of parrying in two different ways which are simultaneous counter attack costing a bit of health and defensive parry SF3 like.Alternate pathes can be found by modifying the cutscenes using weapons throw.Without being extraordinary, it's quite a good cooking."
,Recommended,674520,35117328,Posted: 21 September,all,fxxk7692,Boobs'N Leg
76561198018978815,Recommended,674520,35219656,Posted: 26 September,all,highfiberoats,!!!
,Recommended,674520,35134222,Posted: 22 September,all,Nuwanda,Amazing game.Amazing music.Love the CRT-TV filter and general retro feel.Somewhat overpriced compared to other games.The oversexualized boobs are unnecessary and distracting.
,Recommended,674520,35070292,Posted: 19 September,all,GameGenCancer,"While $19.99 is a bit too steep, I must say that it feels great to wash the disgusting taste out of my mouth of AAA gaming and Marvel vs. Capcom Infinite. It is wonderful to play your standard reinnovated beat em up with very creative characters, bosses, stages and badass music. However, with all of these game modes/content, one must still feel as if something was still missing. For starters, I wish there was a more in depth story mode so we can all be introduced to who each character is. A montage if you will. I would definitely love to see a comic series and a link to the ost as well. There are a lack of beat em ups out there and I am always delighted to try one out. There is just tons and tons of hours of content to play around with but I would have loved to unlock new moves and have a simple punch/kick button where we can create our own combos. Please consider that when you decide to make a sequel or update this game. I was also baffled as to why there was no Xbox One, Nintendo Switch nor PS4 ports. I guess that will all come in due time. Anyway, despite following similar patterns to other beat em ups, I do see a lot of hard work/potential in this one. It offers challenge, it is a blast to play and further more, it has UNLOCKABLE content! Although I wish that the super move, did not drain your health, because it needs its own meter bar. So do I recommend this game? YES! Go out and buy it and wave your middle fingers at the cheapness of AAA gaming until they improve! BEST BIRTHDAY GIFT EVER! MVCI...♥♥♥♥ OFF! Oh right the score. I give this a 9.9/10.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poh3BrdU3eY"
,Not Recommended,674520,35459566,Posted: 3 October,all,fantasy jimmy john's,"I'd honestly like this game if they toned down the amount of enemies on the screen, got rid of the whole multiple paths system, had more health pick ups, made the designs more memorable, and just maybe make it feel good to hit things?"
,Not Recommended,674520,35433259,Posted: 2 October,all,Colin,"Welp...I can see WHY the dev decided to name this Fight'N Rage. You try your best to fight, but you'll wind up raging more than half the time. I'm someone that loves beat-em-ups, even though I'm hardly a pro at them, and I can handle myself well enough in most cases. ...This game, though. Oh, this game. It has a lot of polish, awesome mechanics, and beautiful graphics, but...the difficulty is TRASH. It starts out fine enough, but the difficulty ramps up so severely as you go along, it feels just like one of those quarter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, if not worse. There Are SO many enemies, it's just...it's incredibly overwhelming for someone who can only play alone, since my brother has no interest in beat-em-ups, not to mention the lack of online-play. On top of the overabundance of enemies, the mechanics are, well...a little TOO technical. You can pull off some awesome stuff if you know how, but, if you're like me, and all you really know how to do are the basics, well...good luck, Charlie. I don't think I've ever been so dissatisfied with a game that cost me $20, and it's seriously heart-breaking since I really, really wanted to love this game. It just feels like it's tossing the casual players aside, and catering to the more advanced, technical players, and on NORMAL. I'd rather not play on the ""Easy"" mode, since the dev had the guts to put the graphic of a baby's pacifier; not to mention, WHY is an easier option for the casual players an unlockable of all things? I mean...from a development perspective, I think Easy would be a good mode for players to mess around, and get used to how everything works, instead of being pushed out into the hellish Normal mode; as hard as it is, I dread to even dream what Hard and above even looks like. Do I recommend this game? Well...yes, but mostly if you're good at games that force you to adapt to a multitude of mechanics. Do I think it's good? Yes, but, it feels seriously one-sided eight times out of ten. Do I LIKE it? ...Hard to say right now. I want to like it, and even love it, but it feels like it's trying way too hard to be edgy, and challenging, and it isn't welcoming to new-comers at all, at least to me. I wouldn't buy this unless you have a way to try it out first, possibly from, or with a friend.I thought about it, and I feel I should give a bit of a better view as to why I feel the way I do about this game. It's obvious that a lot of love and care was put into it, but...was enough of that dispersed throughout the game as a whole?So, the overload of enemies. If you were playing with a couple of friends, I don't think this would have been too big a problem, but...by yourself, there's WAY too much to deal with. I mean, seriously, in one stage, at some point, I was surrounded by twelve enemies; twelve! I fought them off as best as I could, but even then, it didn't get me very far; I lost a whole life in no time, and it wasn't until my next that I could dispatch the bunch of jerks.Complicated mechanics. Not my best friend in video games, especially when you have to make use of them quickly, like in a game that constantly plays out like this one; from what I understand, each character has a bunch of abilities to make use of, but I never could make use of them; every now and again through flailing around, I could do something, but I never could figure out how to use them again. And the aerial attacks can only help so much, too, since you can't really do much once you've attacked; you can bounce off an enemy in front of you if you hold backwards when an aeriel kick lands, but this can hinder more than help, half the time, especially since the clock keeps on ticking."
76561198001521163,Not Recommended,674520,35169509,Posted: 23 September,all,Illegal Sheep Crimes,"unlimited continue, but no stage select. meaning you have to do the entire game in one go. It's not short either, and there is alot of sections no check points for no reason cept to I guess stop people from progressing.If you have hours to waste at a time, it's not a bad purchase, but if you are like me who don't get concentrade gaming time, don't bother with this game, you'll be stuck replaying the first few stages.gameplay wise, it's a simple beat them up, comes with the old perfect movement AI that can just float out of your attack range  until it feels like stop doing that. You may be able to catch some of them with dashes, but I find it easier to just wait till they decide to stop.Your character will perform auto grab if it's close enough to the enemy, you will learn to hate this, because it will get you killed, it will make you lose out on damage. It's going to be one of the main reason you take damage in this game. Mostly because going into a grab stops you from being able to hit multiple enemy, and the only way out of it basically throws the enemy away from you dealing practically no damage.  Of course there is also enemy that can't be grab, when your character auto grabs those enemey anyways, causing them to knock you away with a brief stun.beside those two gameplay problem, the game itself is pretty good. I just can't recommand it because it's specifically designed against people don't have concentraded gaming time."
,Recommended,674520,35226595,Posted: 26 September,all,Saki Yanase,"If you are a fan of the Beat em up genre, it's pretty much guaranteed that you will enjoy this game. It has some pretty cool options and give sa really authentic arcade experience/feel, while still being polished as a new game at a fairly low price point. It also has many modes and a lot of challenging aspects to the game to give it some replayability, not to mention multiple endings. So I' think that this game is pretty worth your time"
