user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,676820,34314863,Posted: 17 August,all,Lim-Dul,"Played through the game in a single sitting - which is just shy of 2 hours. I was just as entertained as going to the cinema, so consider that before judging the game on value.I found the story to be structured in a very interesting way - small pseudo-choices leading to a very big, difficult and subversive final choice.I won't spoil the ending, of course, but I have to say I have seen very few games that built up to a single, potentially quite emotional and philosophical player choice in such a way or to that degree.It's like a condensed ""Life is Strange"" where one and a half hours are all about world building and allowing you to understand the potential consequences of the choice to be made far before the choice is signaled in any way.The fact that the game gripped me till the end is proof enough that it's good since I'm very picky with finishing anything these days - even 2-hour propositions.One thing I may have liked is voice-over - after all it was one of the highlights of ""Thomas Was Alone"" but I guess it would have required a much bigger budget and a higher price for a game that could get its message across without it anyways.Looking forward to other shorts by Mike Bithell & Co. They seem to be just the right format for me to enjoy."
76561197996466138,Recommended,676820,34317734,Posted: 17 August,all,Richard M. Nixon,"As the description notes, this is designed to be finished in one-sitting, and I was able to finish the game in around 90 minutes.The Good:Story, Music, and Visuals.The Bad:Display settings did not auto detect, causing the inital game to look funny. You can fix this by setting the display resolution to be the right one.Conclusion:Despite the game being so short, I did feel good about the price I paid. Thank you."
,Recommended,676820,34316339,Posted: 17 August,all,Arkan01d,Dialogue Tree SimulatorYou are a detective robot that is programmed to sit on a train. You talk to passerby robots. You solve a mystery.Not a bad game. At first I was disapointed that I my character never moved around. They just kept sitting in the same place. Like you could just sit in one spot irl and solve a mystery. Then I realized I was doing the... exact ... same ... thing!Meta commentary turned up to 11 in a casual game? That's a thumbs up in my book!
76561198055762608,Recommended,676820,34319595,Posted: 17 August,all,Ortzz,"This game is a Visual Novel with an insane level of polish. I do think though that this game is so well executed that it will have appeal to people who are not normally interested in the genre.Subsurface Circular takes place entierly on a subway car for robots. You are a robot detective that is attempting to solve a mystery by questioning other robots in the car. Through questioning other robots, you unravel bits of the mystery as well as discover more about the personal lives of the robots and even attempt to solve some of their problems (aka: problem solving you can do with dialogue trees while sitting down).It's worth noting that the problem solving aspect of the game is the most, well, ""game like"" thing you do in Subsurface Circular. Solving problems will involve you quickly looking through maps for travel answers, looking through dialogue for hidden clues, as well as other puzzles that may require you to pull out the pencil and notepad. The problem solving is never too hard, but I enjoyed the process of doing it whenever possible anyways. It's a neat way to add a ""game like"" element to sitting down and talking to some robots on the subway.But this game excels in the parts where you are just talking to the robots, chipping away at the overarching mystery and learning more about their world. The robots range from amusing conversationalists to downright hilarious and then all the way to wise. The robots you meet on the subway lead to conversations that at a minimum are enjoyable and at their best made me reconsider some thoughts and belifs that I hold. I'm not saying that this game is life altering or anything, but it makes some decent points about some issues that I haven't thought about in a lot of detail.Finally, I want to mention that this games art direction is killer and the soundtrack is well written and presented in a way that suprised me.I recommend this game to those that want to experience a cool story in weird future. While the game will probably take you only around 2 hours, I think it is time that is very well spent, and very much worth the price tag. Even if story games aren't usually your thing, I think you should give it a shot. It is so well done that I think any person who likes games as a hobby will at least appreciate it for telling a good story and showing how conversations in games can be done very well.Also, I recommend playing this in one sitting, so get a drink and a snack and please, play this game."
76561198021551803,Recommended,676820,35220386,Posted: 26 September,all,Sir Faulty,"Bite-sized reviewIntelligence effectReview in 30 seconds""Subsurface Circular""is a well crafted little text adventure by Mike Bithell that touches on some interesting topics such the rise of artificial intelligence to how mankind is rapidly automating what it can, to the fear of where humankind will fit within this rapidly transforming landscape. Bithell uses these topics as a springboard into mystery about a robot detective investigating other missing robots on an underground rail transit system. It is a simple but engaging experience that is thankfully very well written with a central mystery that is worth your time spent trying to solve.One word to sum up the experienceIntriguingPerformance/Bug related incidentsNone. Being a text adventure the game doesn't really tax hardware and the limited (but appealing) graphics really only act as a skeleton upon which the text adventure is overlayed.Similar to games""Emily is Away;""Reigns"";""Stories Untold"";""Caravan""Suitable forSuitable for all ages but the core themes might be lost on children younger than 12. As for adults, it makes for an engaging and thought provoking experience.Position in my games of 2017 cleared list18th favoriteRatinghttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=869453510"
,Recommended,676820,34376720,Posted: 20 August,all,Athravan,"I hadn't heard anything about this game before I saw it on my front page on steam. I casually clicked it, reminding myself that I have an incredible backlog and can't possibly buy more games and then found myself somehow with it in my library five minutes later. I have selective amnesia about the whole situation but since I now owned it, I clearly had to immediately play it.""When the truth is buried, go underground.""Subsurface Circular is a short (approximately 90 minutes) visual novel from the maker of Thomas Was Alone and Volume. We play a detective Tek - a robot of the highest intelligence levels. In this universe, robots have been ""freed"" from ownership, yet still work for the human ""management"" and seem for all useful purposes, slaves, as they are assigned tasks which they must complete and reset when they're needed for a different purpose. In the beginning of the game we meet a Tek who talks about his missing friend, and we decide that despite not being given the case by management, we are going to work on the disappearance of Teks and solve this crime.Thought ProvokingIt's a neat sci-fi story that really makes you think about the rise of AI and robot sentience, about job replacement and how humanity would feel in this - potentially not that crazily distant - future. Whilst of course, we have no real reality of sentient AI, machinery causing human discontent by replacing certain jobs is certainly a relevant topic and only going to become more so. It was well written, thoughtful and logical with a few small puzzles to make it a little more than just reading. The atmosphere is perfect, from the music to the sound effects, from the graphics to the font and even the way the text pops up and you ask questions. The entire artistic aesthetic really felt authentic to me and allowed me to immerse myself and empathise completely with the robots I was talking - something that's really important to take any genuine emotional impact from the ending.There are no details I can give without being spoilery - and I would strongly recommend you don't try to get more information as with such a short game, even a small spoiler will detract from the enjoyment and surprise. You'll just have to trust me that the story develops in a satisfying way!Don't go expecting Gameplay. This is pure story.Gameplay wise there's not much as this is a visual novel - it is purely clicking the dialogue you want. There is an option at the ending, but this is the only relevant option in the game. The rest will be experienced the same by everyone. If you want to feel like you make an impact or have choices, this is not the game for you. But if you want to be engaged in a story that makes you think, set in a medium that really feels atmospheric then I highly recommend it. I did like the fact that you can set your reading speed as reading faster than the dialogue pops up is very frustrating for a speedy reader.And it's a short story.The game is short, there is no beating around the bush but if like me, you read the store description, then you'll know that going in. The developer makes it clear you can complete the game in under 2 hours and as he mentions, this technically means you can complete it and get a refund. If you're planning on completing it and then refunding it, just take a moment to think about how much work goes into making a good game like this - and how honest and upfront the developer was about the playtime. I do think that even at 90 minutes, this game offers excellent entertainment for $5, but I'm also an avid reader, and have no problem paying $5 every week for a new book.Hankering for moreThe game was almost flawless; but I did feel a bit disappointed about the ending. Not the way the game ended itself, but I felt the last sequence or two felt rushed and as if a chunk was missing from the story. We took a big leap at a critical point and then the ending was there. I would have loved if this game had different options and endings, or if there had been a few more sequences as it didn't quite feel perfect. Considering this is such a small indie development; perhaps budgetary constraints were at work. Maybe I'm just greedy, but I'd have happily paid double to experience more of this world.This game definitely won't be for everyone. I would recommend it especially to those who enjoy reading books or with a particular interest in the philosophy of future AI, especially if you've read any Asimov (who is quite heavily referenced in the game).Despite that, it is still an excellent game and one of the best visual novels I've played, so it gets a massive thumbs up from me.♥♥♥ If you're a weirdo who wants to follow my reviews, please clicky some links:My Curator PageandMy Twitter. Thanks! ♥♥♥"
,Recommended,676820,34356122,Posted: 19 August,all,Dune Tiger,"Even taking things slow and stepping away while the game idles, it clocked in just under 2 hours and I'm only missing 3 achievements.  YMMV on how you measure value vs. length, but that won't be covered below.That being said, Subsurface Circular is an interesting title whose simple play undersells the work that went into it.  First and foremost, it is not going to be a game for everyone.  When you strip away all the glam of the game, it is little more than a conversation simulator.  You do not move, you do not shoot, you don't do anything except select questions and responses.  However, it's the content of what is being said and asked that makes Subsurface Circular a fascinating journey that doesn't demand a lot of your time.  Shorter than any Peter Jackson movie and more entertaining than at least three of them, those looking for a more cerebral experience might want to take a ride on this subway for robots.Without spoiling anything, you are a robot detective riding a train underground and as you meet and speak with passengers that come and go, a mystery unfolds and, true to your designation, you try to start figuring it out.  That's it.  There's some gamey convenience here like the fact that despite the train car clearly having at least 18 seats, no more than 4 will ever ride it at the same time and they will always take a seat next to you.  This could very well be a clever nod to the fact that you, the player, never get out of your seat to solve this mystery, either, it's more likely the result of a singular focus - to have the player pull at a thread and unravel a ball of yarn.Even though this game could entirely be accomplished in text, some TLC went into the aesthetics of the game, from the train and its riders to the floaty dialogue boxes.  Everything seems purposefully laid out in the Subsurface Circular and I personally appreciate the artisticintentionthat permeates the whole thing.  Even from the very get-go, you can wiggle your mouse during the intro slideshow and for some reason, I thought that was a pretty neat touch.At the end of the day, however, I don't think the game will blow anyone's mind.  It's incredibly deliberate in its design goals and I think the fact that it nails what it's trying to do is what makes this something that will be endearing to several gamers.  On the other hand, a subset of the gaming populace will quite simply not care.  It's not so much that they wouldn't 'get' it, but rather it just won't speak to everyone, especially the crowd that revels in twitchier, competitive play.Subsurface Circular is like sitting down to play through a chess problem.  You have a goal, and you pay attention, observe, and act in accordance with reaching that goal.  It's a reflective process and I think by the time you reach the game's conclusion, you will understand that feeling of lone pursuit.  It's definitely something I think people should try out, even if it's not particularly your cuppa.  The most it demands of you is an afternoon."
76561197997150555,Recommended,676820,34320446,Posted: 17 August,all,Ho Lee Fuk,"Amazing! I felt immersed in the first 5 minutes.Game's like this, as I call them ""Playable Movie's"", are my favorite.I like that they have no voice for the characters because that allowed me to make them up in my own head.Changing my opinion of the character based on there words.The word puzzles, the back and forth between you and the other passengers and the pacing of the story was all excellent!The ambient sounds and music of the game felt very reminiscent of Blade Runner. Which I loved!At the end of the day, Definitely worth the price!"
,Recommended,676820,34313987,Posted: 17 August,all,threedotonefour,Short but interesting about robots and their place in human society.
,Recommended,676820,34390282,Posted: 21 August,all,Lord_Kristof,"Short and sweet, Subsurface Circular is a SF narrative game (almost like a visual novel with a little bit of puzzling) which reminded me a lot of the classics like Asimov. At this price point it's very easy to recommend, and you'll be supporting a pretty awesome developer, too."
,Recommended,676820,34422384,Posted: 22 August,all,M A R A 飯,"~Story~Subsurface Circular is a good game in what it desires to be. This is the phrase that I wish to start this review. It's very hard to present the plot without spoiling everything, mainly because it's simple, short and sweet like the game itself. Basically you are a Tek, a robot, more specifically humans finally realized that they are too busy or too lazy to do their own jobs and decided to create the Teks. Robots. Built to take over normal jobs like psychiatrics, athletes, librarians, nannies etc. leaving the scientists, presidents and other ""big fish in the sea"" to control the rest. What is indeed interesting about is that they have a consciousness, making them more emotional and thoughtful of what is happening around them. That's where you come in. You are a detective Tek, and after an encounter with another robot that approached you in the subway metro regarding the disappearance of his friend, you accept the case and start asking the passengers of the train about information. While you will progress in the game you realize that this whole case is much more deep and happening at a bigger scale.~Gameplay~While I was playing the game I felt like I was watching a theatrical play and I was making all the choices, possibly because everything happened in this train and no where else. The story unravels itself based on the dialogue which makes it more unique then the other choice games I am used to. Basically in some stations Teks come and go and you have to ask them questions regarding their life, profession and lastly the case. Basted on your encounters you will meet different personalities and gather more information. The story takes a dark turn when you, as a robot, start to question yourself if the humans have a hidden hatred for Teks and they are the ones guilty for the disappearances or the robots.The dialogue is very realistic. The robots make the whole conversations have taste by simply talking about their chores, problems and life. The subject involving life, to me, was indeed interesting and I think it will be for whoever decides to play this game. I say this mainly because the developers did a fantastic job describing life through the ""eyes"" of a robot.BUT not everything is perfect and I have to say that the plot becomes boring dragging down along with it the gameplay itself. It feels like the choices you make have no impact and the entire idea of  Teks ""come and go"" in a subway metro become quickly repetitive. This is the main flaw of the game, the fact that nothing interesting is happening and the end makes everything feel like it was for nothing, very unsatisfying and predictable. Hell, I half expected the game to turn up like that 1994 movie Speed with Sandra Bullock and the characters to realize there is a bomb in the train and there is no way of stopping but no, everything remained the same.~Graphics and Soundtrack~Not much to say. Beautiful visuals, no frame drops and I am firmly positive that it will work smoothly on any decent graphic card. The music was calming and had a happy-go-lucky feeling along with it.~Conclusion~The hidden meaning of this game it's what should motivate you to buy it, not to say that it has a perfect price. With all the questions and details about the disappearances I started to look at the bigger picture and see what this game wants me to understand. After finishing the game I went with my friends to McDonald's and while I was waiting for my friend to come with our orders I started looking around me and spotted an employee that was mopping the floor,the father who was laughing with his daughter while eating, the taxi guy who came to have a launch break and the angry man in the suit who was talking on the phone. Nothing wrong with that after all it is a busy place and a bunch of people come and go, but I saw them for the first time at a bigger scale. The idea of this game was to bring attention to the way society works at a more emotional level. How the mediocre class works almost like robots everyday to live their life, sustain their families and how the high society treats them like robots and their whole existence revolves around work, not seeing that they are talking and working with humans. As a human being, we have feelings, needs, problems and family. Everyday we pass each other on the street not knowing what happens around us, too filled up with stress, jobs and technology to see that we are not equal by money or importance but by respect and honor. Two things that this game wanted express through simple conversations by Teks and how humans feel like their only existence on this planet is to serve them, and they are wrong. Just because they are invisible to them that doesn't mean that they do not think about the actions that they make, actions that led to this amazing story. The game is truly touching once you observe and understand the true meaning of it.~Strong Points~Beautiful graphics. Interesting plot. Realistic dialogue. Good price.~Weak Points~The HUD was not so appealing and the choice interface I found it too basic for a SF game. The ending is disappointing. Nothing big happens to spice up the story leaving all to drown itself.Rating: 7/10Developer: Bithell GamesPublisher: Bithell GamesGenre: SF narrative gameRelease Date: 17 August 2017"
,Recommended,676820,34315750,Posted: 17 August,all,Andre,"It's a short, fun, game. It looks better than any text-based game has the right to look. The plot can feel a bit contrived at certain points, but it works well on this short-to-the-point format. Also, the soundtrack can be a bit repetitive after a while...I hope they'll release further episodes/little stories in the future. It's worth your $.It might be an interesting game to show to friends/family that don't usually play games. It doesn't require skills with kb+m or a controller, and can be easily played by anyone.Oh, last thing: I'd recommend the devs to release a pure text version of this game. I have blind friends that would love to play it, and being basically a text-based gameplay, it would be awesome to have it accessible to them!"
76561198098874002,Recommended,676820,34325481,Posted: 18 August,all,Minimal Results,"Overall this game was pretty good. I took me about 2 hours to beat and for $5 I'd say that's pretty worth it.Gameplay wise it comprises of some neat text based puzzles, talking to strangers, and hunting for clues.I feel like the story is a bit weak though. It's still decent but nothing's gonna blow your mind. Don't expect any Bioshock level plot."
,Recommended,676820,34328670,Posted: 18 August,all,A Cromagnon Holding a Baguette,Lovely to look at and - for those of us who don't have a lot of spare time - a satisfying narrative wrapped up in a package you can knock over in an evening. Recommended.
,Recommended,676820,34330560,Posted: 18 August,all,Riftrune,"Subsurface Circular is one of those experiences that knows just how long it needs to be to provide an entertaining experience, make the player think, and not overstay its welcome.10/10"
76561197992855409,Recommended,676820,34313885,Posted: 17 August,all,Aristotlol,"Subsurface Circular: great idea & looks great, too. just a shame the story requires such wildly & sustainedly fortuitous passenger seating.@memorating"
,Recommended,676820,34708703,Posted: 3 September,all,Munkhi,"This game presents and explores some of the societal elephants entering the room in the next few decades, as well as some long existing societal concepts. If you haven't thought about them, this game will give you ample opportunity to explore and come to more considered opinions (if you can be bothered). I think that's worth the price of a round down the pub.Absolutely worth sticking on your wishlist and waiting for an offer. Having played it, I'd recommend it at full price.This is the level that dull, one dimensional ""human condition"" walking simulators/storytellers act like they are on, but really aren't. It's not trying to force you to adopt anything, or make you conform to a way of thinking. It wants to sit you in a seat for a couple of hours, and let you contemplate on the subject matter. You can stay on the train as long as you need..."
,Recommended,676820,34419107,Posted: 22 August,all,Thallassa,"I'm a little late to the party when it comes to reviewing the game and you probably needn't read my review in order to finalize your purchasing decision. I'd just like to publicly contribute my thoughts.First of all, the game looks absolutely fantastic. A huge pleasure to play in 1440p, and although a lot is static, it is rare to see such accomplished, polished and to the point visuals and artwork. I am really looking forward to the inclusion of Trading Cards and the subsequent backgrounds of this game. Audio-wise it was a little minimalistic, but I'd rather have it this way than aurally choking on a floodwave of sounds.As a text adventure, it was alright. To be honest, I wouldn't have read or cared about the story if not for the audiovisual experience. The story is interesting enough to keep one going, the choices are often enough intriguing, in the sense that you want to read the answes to all the choices, but may only pick one.But, for future reference, I don't think I need any more of this. I'd honestly see what other games and visuals Mike Bithell (and his team) can come up with, as I feel that up to now, every game was unique, but distinguishably ""bithell"" nontheless. Volume remains my favorite of the three though, and I am very much looking forward to Bithell#4 in a few years.In conclusion: Well worth the money if you feel you're in for two hours of reading on a nice afternoon or evening.Thanks for the good times, until we play again!"
,Recommended,676820,34359935,Posted: 19 August,all,MaiorZero,I bought this game because I know the previous games of Mike Bithell and I knew it might be something worth paying attention to. I knew that this is a text-based game and there are robots in it. I did not think the story would be so well presented. The script and direction are top-notch.
,Recommended,676820,34473245,Posted: 24 August,all,phantom7748,"I wish I could tell you about how this game goes, in order to sell it. And it's a lead many good games demand of their reviewers, resulting in a closed group only the 'in' people can get. I think, perhaps, many of these (quite good) story based games are due to their stength in story, and rely more on the recommendation then a telling of what the synopsis is. In fact, if you're as much of an AI science fiction junkie as I, you might catch on pretty quick. But even if you do, the game will still surprise you. It will make you laugh and gasp and pause and think because there are questions you can't answer, decisions you can't make, silly or monumental. Bithell and his team are clever sons of ♥♥♥♥♥es and they've made something absolutely worth experiencing."
,Recommended,676820,34330012,Posted: 18 August,all,SleepySheep726,"Absolutely breathtaking storyline (although rather short.) And amazingly written characters are to be found in this ''Choose your own adventure'' suspense Sci-Fi text adventure.Amazing visuals and character designs with a pretty good soundtrack if you're into electronic music.Every puzzle is unique and doesn't feel too easy or difficult (some puzzles even give you the ability to ''Deduct'' the solution if you've been stuck on them for a little while.)Overall, a solid 9/10 for this game, it's not a perfect note since the game is rather short (Only 2 hours of total playtime.) And is a bit too overpriced for that length (but do buy it if it's under $3, you won't regret it.)"
,Recommended,676820,34411922,Posted: 22 August,all,hydrox1de_,"TLDR; this is a beautiful short story.As a Sci-Fi fan, my opinion might be slightly biased towards this game, but I think that it is one of the best short text-based games I've ever gotten my hands on. The storyline of this game is extremely captivating, from start to end.Towards the end, as all the plot points start to piece themselves together, it results in a story that keeps you hooked untill the last second as mysteries start to unravel themselves. The plot twists at the end are some of the best I've seen, and this game is most definitely a piece of art. The writing is absolutely fantastic, and the art style+graphics are to my liking--they have a nice futuristic, cyberpunk-like feel.Furthermore, the developers have obviously put in a lot of work into this game; from the art gallery to the developer commentary; it's obviously not a game that was pieced together in a couple hours. If you have the time, the music in this game is great as well. I'll probably be revisiting each stage again just to hear the music from the ""Listeners"".At <$10, this game is most definitely recommended. No DLC(at the time of writing), beautiful story, soundtrack and artwork. I especially recommend this game for short-story and Sci-Fi enthusiasts who want to kill some time.Peace out."
76561198012857031,Recommended,676820,34413262,Posted: 22 August,all,Wes,brillianty layout and designed game. roller coster of thoughts and emotions through the entirety of the game. i only wish for more!
,Recommended,676820,34396479,Posted: 21 August,all,Diabeetus Rex,"Playing through this was a pleasure. The story is delivered entirely through dialogue, which makes for a very simple, yet enjoyable experience. It is interesting and full of surprises, and the length of the game allows for a full playthrough in one sitting.This game is truly a great way to spend a couple of hours."
,Recommended,676820,34365984,Posted: 19 August,all,Cossix,"Really solid, well written. If you appreciate narrative in games, and some subtle meta constructs around the playing of games, this really works."
76561198030243530,Recommended,676820,34382928,Posted: 20 August,all,Capacete,"A well-written, (mostly) well-paced piece of text-based investigation that got me by surprise and left me staring at the computer screen, astonished, for some good 5 minutes after its ending.But left me slightly annoyed with the last 2 or so chapters, as its pacing, as mentioned above, fell short of expectations, having skipped from a seemingly ""just another station"" moment in storytelling to ""critical"" in a finger snap.A finger snap, mind you, that made it look like something was missing.Of course, the devs must have had their reasons, such as time and budget constraints or other issues I have no knowledge of.Still worth full price on Steam due to the sheer skill involved in making such an aesthetically and intellectually pleasing game, and I want more of it.9.5/10."
,Recommended,676820,34327748,Posted: 18 August,all,Sealwheeler9,"**Some gameplay spoilers. I won't spoil the context though**This game is amazing. I play very few of these narrative driven, little user input kind of games because the quality of them out there is little. This game however, is amazing. The visuals are very clean and polished and the detail that has been created is superb on the train itself, especially since it will be the only thing you are seeing in this game.Gameplay mechanics are very interesting. There is one point where you have to change a ""setting"" on a character to get different responses, a logic puzzle (which has the option of using auto complete to do for you, which I would have done but I didn't have anything with me to suitably write out the notes for. I won't spoil the other puzzles but those are some really great moments in the game. The dialogue is also fantastically written. Each robot has a different personality and they all feel genuine.There was also a reference to Thomas was alone which made me laugh and it was told in a really interesting manner.The ultimate plot was great. Most of the other kinds of games like these that I've played have had plots that become predictable and I can accurately guess what is probably going to happen, but this game has a story that is so well crafted that I am amazed.It is super short but it is one of those games that can have multiple different endings depending on actions that you perform even from the very start of the game. At just about 2 hours per run, this game is great and I highly recommend that people pick it up."
76561197968587121,Recommended,676820,34327116,Posted: 18 August,all,aw geez rick,"Detective Robot StoryRight off the bat, I want to say that this game is great. A fantastic little short experience that is a brilliant example of why games are an artform able to rival mediums such as film and television. ImagineWall-Ebut molded into something like aSherlock Holmesstory.I really would love to discuss the story but I don't want to spoil anything that isn't provided in the synopsis, buy this game, for its low price, its more than worth it.Pros:Fantastic storyImmersive atmosphereGreat characterization and dialogue, even more admirable without the use of voice acting.Cons:I want more.Endings could have been expanded upon a bit more.Overall, I can't wait for what Mike and the team have in store next. And if you're reading this Mike, I would really like for you to explore more of this fascinating world you have created, it deserves to be expanded more! Maybe a large open-world experience? That would be amazing."
,Recommended,676820,34544139,Posted: 27 August,all,Spacegirl Roxy,Completed in one sitting. Great story and atmosphere. The characters really felt alive (ironically).
,Recommended,676820,34696156,Posted: 2 September,all,McShaggin™,This game is probably one of the best games I've played all year and it was only 2 hours long
,Recommended,676820,34321846,Posted: 17 August,all,abatage,beep boop beep | brilliant
,Recommended,676820,34414776,Posted: 22 August,all,Jeremy,"A short, but enthralling, detective story with an interesting twist."
76561198046225980,Recommended,676820,34415978,Posted: 22 August,all,Cinereoargenteus,"Nice, short experience. I loved Thomas Was Alone, and this is also very good."
76561197995375695,Recommended,676820,34420369,Posted: 22 August,all,protean,"Short and sweet mystery with an absolutely spot on atmosphere.Think of this purchase a cheap for what you'd spend on a cinema ticket, for a similar amount of entertainment. Watch the promo vid above then make a decision: Are you in on the concept? If you are, read nothing else, I think it's a good buy. Try to go in with no expectations other than it's a text based adventure.Don't Expect:30 odd hours of gameplay - it's short.Do Expect:Great MusicGreat Artistic ChoicesGreat Plot"
76561197969949996,Recommended,676820,34421426,Posted: 22 August,all,j2_ sh33py,A fantastic concise experience! Easily worth the money!
,Recommended,676820,34421682,Posted: 22 August,all,HasturGaming,Great game!
,Recommended,676820,34361618,Posted: 19 August,all,Fahrengeit,"Quite nice text adventure and, most importantly, very short: completed it the same evening I bought it.You won't find anything especially new in this story about robots and how they are eventually taking over humans' jobs, still it's interesting to follow through well written dialogues, jokes and easy puzzles.Can't say anything about replayability — as I've noticed choices (if there are choices at all) are minor and don't influence the ending. Try to approach Subsurface Circular as a short linear story despite its variability.I cautiously recommend this game to someone who likes text adventures much, though you won't find any revelation not in story and especially not in gameplay."
,Recommended,676820,34343882,Posted: 18 August,all,Disorganic,"A short, quiet, interesting game. Thoughtful at every level, minimalist, narrative driven and well done. Priced just right : Ive tossed bad cheeseburgers that cost more than this and thought nothing of it, and this is a good cheeseburger.Hats off to BitHell. Some cdlever ideas wrapped up in a Pseudo-HardBoiled Detective plot. Nice work, guys!"
76561198031387258,Recommended,676820,34339659,Posted: 18 August,all,Wnir,"""The great thing about life, I always think, is the power of new, strange experiences to surprise you.""-Kappa Four OneI've been a fan of Bithell's work ever since Thomas Was Alone, so hearing about this game releasing yesterday was quite a shock. I bought it and played through it a bit ago, and I feel that the quote above from a Subsurface Circular character sums up my time with it. The narrative is short, but is well realized and proves intriguing from beginning to end. Each encounter with a new robot is memorable and the dialogue sparkles with the high quality wit and humor I've come to expect from Bithell's games. To anyone expecting a text-based adventure crafted with love and care, this game is for you."
,Recommended,676820,34376917,Posted: 20 August,all,Roshimitsuu,"Just finished this beautiful short from Bithell Games. This point focus story was a great read. If you're looking for a ""game"" then this probably won't be for you, the dialogue is interesting with no two characters feeling the same despite them all being robots.Completed with full achievemtns in 3 hours (I left it running whilst I ate, so YMMV).I don't have anything bad to say about this game other that having more going on in the background would be nice, but I understand that this was only ever meant to be a short game and the devs were more story driven (The commentary after beating the game is also really interesting if you like learning about design teams, I didnt know Idid until I read it, lol).I won't comment on the story itself for sake of spoilers, but I found it somewhat wanting in places..."
,Recommended,676820,34385890,Posted: 20 August,all,RepliCat,"Saw 5 seconds of the gameplay footage and knew I must get this game right away. Did not let me down.Stylish graphics, fitting music, intuitive UI, and one hell of an intriguing story. The length is about one full feature film, which is just about right. The pacing is great, and not much downtime between each segment.The only whining, as per usual for a text adventuring game, is the replayability. There is nothing left in this game after you have exhausted every possible dialogue and will probably never open this again. I feel so much more can be done with this story and am definitely looking forward for a sequel."
,Recommended,676820,34395754,Posted: 21 August,all,Robear,"This is one of those things that will suffer because of the playtimeThe story is interesting to hold you attention the whole way through but I felt the more 'puzzle-like' elements were relatively simple, aside from the one in act 4.A full runthrough took me less than two hours. Developer commentary is locked behind playthrough one, presumably to force people to break past the 2-hour return limit.At it's current price of £3.83 with a 20% discount, It's priced well enough that I don't feel like my time was wasted. Overall if you're a fan of VNs and want a shorter one with significantly more interaction, then I think this will suit you."
76561198063582058,Recommended,676820,34365964,Posted: 19 August,all,Dork,"This """"Visual Novel"""" provides roughly 2 hours of content and possibly more if you decide to replay it to achieve a different ending. I respect how the developer priced the game and that they priced the game around the same price as a DVD of sorts. They trusted users to purchase the game and to not return it and for that reason I will not be returning it. It provided a story that I personally found entertaining and I will perhaps revisit this game(?) to explore possibilities I may have missed. I also liked how this game was under nobodies radar until it actually came out. This allowed the developer to release the game without providing what is to be expected. It was a very risky, bold move but it is one that I respect and think will work out in the developers favor. The great story that will surely make you think about conscious and the developer's great ethic on handling the game ultimately leads me to believe that this is a purchase you won't regret (and shouldn't return)."
,Recommended,676820,34381301,Posted: 20 August,all,Supercalifragilistic,"Personally, I am a sucker for story rich games and Subsurface Circular nails it.Pros:Compelling story (I will not spoil anything, experience it for yourself)Amazing Art DirectionA Dev Team that puts their heart and soul into their gamesNeutral:Can be finished in one sitting, some will love that fact, some will hate it. I am part of the former, though.Scrolling up and down through the text was iffy with the mousewheel. It would often bump you back down all the way. Clicking and dragging the bar on the right did make scrolling behave normally.Cons:Game is too short, I would have loved to have more of this game. Maybe a sequel or a full fledged game?And if you are a huge fan of Thomas was Alone, then be prepared for a lot of references."
,Recommended,676820,34383465,Posted: 20 August,all,Schwifty Rick,"A two hour narrative game that is very interesting. You eyes are opened to the good and evils of the world, and it is your choices that will ultimately change the world. Defintely worth the money and an enjoyable 2 hours."
,Recommended,676820,34339739,Posted: 18 August,all,SeeJay,"A great little noire, sci-fi detective story. Strong writing, clean art style. More of this please!"
,Recommended,676820,34355056,Posted: 19 August,all,Goon2503,Thought provoking and a good length for the type of game it is.  Just long enough not to get stale and the style is great.
,Recommended,676820,34327766,Posted: 18 August,all,Grimeh,"Great short game that tells an interesting narrative and makes you question the role of robotics in the future of society.I do take minor issue with pacing, feels like a lot of the plot elements andmorally ambiguous decisionswere squeezed in towards the end.Easily worth the cheap price tag. Cheaper than a movie ticket, but better.Definitely check it out if you're a fan of Asimov, you'll probably dig it."
76561198021261198,Recommended,676820,34766927,Posted: 5 September,all,Nudist Squid,"This is pretty much a converstation simiulator, and I don't mean that as a bad thing. To me this title, along with Oxenfree demonstrates that with good writing and enough player involvement, you can make a compelling game out of just two people talking. Everyone you talk to on the train has a memorable personality, from a bot that speaks in flowery decelerations of love, to a corporate bot who tries to tie every convo to the product he's shilling.It lasts exactly as long as it needs to be, is priced appropriately and the ending leaves a massive impact. It genuiely made me think, and will stay with me for a good while. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a nice, short offbeat sci fi story."
,Recommended,676820,34334690,Posted: 18 August,all,N7Legion,"You talk to a worried robot and find out his case of his lil' robot disappearence by talking other robots, and that for 5€."
,Recommended,676820,34369298,Posted: 20 August,all,Zefiro,"Great little narrative experience, well written with a satisfying conclusion."
,Recommended,676820,34396338,Posted: 21 August,all,TRΞMΛN,"Fantastic... Absolutely loved it. Thank you to the developersWhen you finish it, check out the Dev Commentary, it's very uniqueWould love a small free-roam game in this universe... Point and Click to move around would be very fitting"
,Not Recommended,676820,34358869,Posted: 19 August,all,yandexx,"The intro is stylish as ♥♥♥♥, and the game has metro/TRAINS and that's what grabbed my eye immediately. Also it's Mike Bithell and it's an experimental and short game and all, and that's always my jam.However the story is plain, characters uninteresting, the ending unfulfilling. The puzzles are just daunting and hardly make any sense in the world or in the conversations. I wanted the talking to have some natural flow but here, still, you just go exhaust topics on characters one after another and can leave the conversation abruptly, and they don't care much.Well but it's two hours and costs little, so you might as well try it.Final note: the typesetting / font rendering isn't as good as I want."
,Not Recommended,676820,34375136,Posted: 20 August,all,Free-Kill,"Quite a contrived story wrapped up in unexciting gameplay.Let's get the good out of the way first: The presentation of this game is very cool and the worldbuilding is definitely intriguing. The style and setting are enough to lure you in, but that's all the game has.Subsurface Circular is basically a dialogue tree game. You are a robot and you have conversations with other robots who come on to your train, and you try to piece together enough clues to solve a crime. Apart from you don't actually put any clues together. Your character makes all the leaps without your intervention and there are no real narrative branches (that I can see). There is absolutely nothing to be found here from a ""Whodunnit"" standpoint.So what is the gameplay? I THINK it's supposed to be puzzles. That's certainly what I've seen in other reviews. However the puzzles in this game are //awful//. The vast majority are not at all puzzles, instead they are simply instructions to go and talk to somebody else first and then come back. You can't really get stuck and you don't really have to think.The only ""difficult"" puzzle in the whole game is a logic puzzle that has ZERO narrative explanation. You are talking to another Tek and they literally go to you ""I'll tell you what you want to know, but first solve this puzzle!"". It is incredibly arbitrary. Many of the ""puzzles"" also make no sense at all. A robot will tell you that they are looking for a certain other robot... That's sitting literally right next to them. To solve the puzzle you have to talk to two people sitting closer to each other than they are to you, and tell them both that the person they're looking for is right there. It's bizarre.So maybe the hook is the story. It's certainly interesting to start with and, like I say, the world really pulls you in. But as the game wears on, it becomes less and less compelling. Ultimately the finale of the game leans on some incredibly odd and unmotivated narrative leaps and you are presented with a rushed and nonsensical final decision to close out the game. It feels like the writers didn't have enough time in the game to fully explore the story, and so instead the events and climax come out of absolutely nowhere.So in all:- If you come to this game for the puzzles, there are no puzzles for you to find.- If you come to this game for story, the story is very uninteresting.- If you come to this game for gameplay, there are almost no meaningful choices to be made whatsoever.- If you come to this game for its aesthetic, you might just leave satisfied.For a few quid it's not like you're throwing away your pension fund, but there are definitely better places to spend your money."
,Not Recommended,676820,34428510,Posted: 22 August,all,PleasıngFungus,"This game is very pretty, in its own style. The music is fine, and the premise is interesting.The gameplay is simple, very well-trodden ground, covered better by other games. (For example, Kentucky Route Zero, or Oxenfree.) That would be fine if the plot was interesting; I'm perfectly happy to explore a well-developed story.Subsurface Circular's writing is heavy-handed and self-indulgent. It asks many interesting questions about the relationship between people and machines, but ultimately has nothing to say.I really wanted to like this game. But I can't."
,Recommended,676820,34405550,Posted: 21 August,all,Rodrigues,Better to be played in one sitting.
76561198136789464,Recommended,676820,34443547,Posted: 23 August,all,Cael Thavain #TF2SP,"First off, it's very worth the price.Subsurface Circular is a text adventure gai, based around a crime investigation. The plot is interesting, and the conversations feel believable and inuitive. It takes around 2 hours to complete. I don't want to say much else, because I don't want to spoil it, if you like good stories, and asking yourself difficult questions, this is a game worth playing."
,Recommended,676820,34462581,Posted: 24 August,all,SapphirE0N,"Such another great game. Funny and well-done. Also, the characters are well-done and the game has an amazing story. It's a little short, but it really worth."
,Recommended,676820,34464593,Posted: 24 August,all,avwarren,"This game is a delight.I never fell fully in love with ""thomas was alone"" but this is something else entirely. Short, beautiful to look at and smart as hell.What an amazing experiment in setting, gameplay and design for a text-based adventure.Also: I highly recommend replaying with the commentary!"
,Recommended,676820,34556993,Posted: 28 August,all,Pauleene,"Short and simple. It is a text-based game with a moving background to put it simply.You play as a robot detective on a train. You figure out the backstory of the game's world along the way (humans rely on AI), and it's a quaint little world to be part of even if you are limited to one space.It was like an interactive Black Mirror episode. Have some popcorn while at it :P"
,Recommended,676820,34328829,Posted: 18 August,all,Dr. Sanchez,Very cool game. Definitly worth the price if you consider a ticket to the movies is more expencive.
,Recommended,676820,34330514,Posted: 18 August,all,atomneely,"Great little game from a wonderful studio. A text based puzzle game with awesome music and a cool world. I have about 70 min in and it looks like I might have another 30 minutes left till its over based off the achivements, so go in expecting a short but engaging game. Graphics look nice, running at 1440 with all the checkboxes checked and haven't even seen the game think about dropping below 60fps. Highly reccomended that you buy yourself a copy, grab a nice drink, and enjoy a really nice game."
76561197994398666,Recommended,676820,34335981,Posted: 18 August,all,Cameraman,"Like the other reviews and the official word from the developers says, this is not a long game. It's more an interactive book than anything else, but it's a good interactive book.If you like stories that are packaged well, you'll enjoy this. It's not terribly long, I completed it and got all but the hidden achievement and one other in my first play through (god I was so close to the one that I missed. Like, one click away.) and it probably took about 2 hours or so. The story moved along at a good pace and never dragged. There's no filler. The puzzles are pretty simple save one near the end which is fairly unique and I really enjoyed.It's well worth the price. Not just because it's a quality story packaged and presented in an interesting format, but because you know these guys are going to come out with something even cooler if given the chance."
,Recommended,676820,34337026,Posted: 18 August,all,Wisplight,"Quite a wonderful and intriguing little experience. Took me around 2 hours to complete and considering it is a hell of a lot cheaper than a cinema ticket with some replay value (given the added developer commentary) I feel it provided excellent value for money. The branching conversations reminded me of the conversation system from Morrowind  - clicking key terms and receiving some rather interesting exposition. If you'd like an interesting narrative with some shades of grey branching then I'd recommend Subsurface Circular - the only thing I can say is that I'd love to see more of this world, which I feel provides a tantalising glimpse into a future of automation and artificial intelligence."
,Recommended,676820,34334011,Posted: 18 August,all,.::AI | Mechtroid,"This game has a more interesting world and thought out characters than all of Mass Effect 3.It's an interesting, engaging short story I'd put among the likes of Blade Runner, Niven, and Asimov himself."
76561198204227089,Recommended,676820,34743141,Posted: 4 September,all,nodupkey,"An incredible game! Rather than read articles about the future of AI and its role in society, I suggest you play this game and evaluate the possibilities yourself."
,Recommended,676820,34742598,Posted: 4 September,all,Loxis,Definitely worth the 7$Fun puzzles with intriguing story
,Recommended,676820,34721490,Posted: 3 September,all,[NOT SO]Devious,What a fun game! Who knew you could uncover so much as a robot detective. Spread your net and you won't believe what you end up catching in the end.
,Recommended,676820,34333579,Posted: 18 August,all,betty swollocks,Really well-written. This is the kind of game that sets off your imagination because it doesn't show you everything; it lets you interact with its world and visualise what lies outside of it.
,Recommended,676820,34349480,Posted: 19 August,all,Jaddari,"Interesting take on automating with a taste of modern politics in it.The price is fair for the, unfortunately, short experience.A slight criticism would be on the impossibility to skip some dialogues, which hinders replayability if one wanted to discover different ""branches"" the story can take.Still a really nice buy :)"
,Recommended,676820,34360496,Posted: 19 August,all,Carlton Banks,"Subsurface Circular is a great game with great visuals, sounds, and characters. It might be short, but it has tons of replay value and its better than its price would seem. 9/10"
,Recommended,676820,34852169,Posted: 9 September,all,100% Hippo,"Subsurface Circular is fundamentally a text-based story game where you play as a robot detective, and the graphics, dialog, and premise itself build an awesome environment for those text conversations to take place in. It is not a long game (~2 hours plus a bit more cleaning up achievements), but it is a good one. I had massive expectations for the game as it is from the same team as the gem Thomas Was Alone, perhaps unrealistically high, so while I was a little let down by the fact that I wasn't sucked into the game, I did really enjoy it in the end. There are 2 (I don't think there's any other than 2) puzzles in the game which are suprising difficult for being seemingly a very small part of the game, but there is a built-in aid to solve them which does help, and they should be solvable by pretty much any player.Gameplay takes place as text-based conversations with other robots on a train where your dialoge is choosen from a set of options you're given each time it is your turn to speak. You talk to a variety of robots from a variety of occupations, and the game does a great job painting a world and making each conversation seem unique. The game takes place as a 3D render of the robots as they sit on, enter, and exit the train which makes the game feel much more full than if it were simply the text. The rendering is nice and the intro scene is really neat. The music that plays is choosen well, but is mostly background. The story is interesting (as you would hope from a story-driven detective game), but not overwhelmingly so, and up until the end I would have had few qualms about getting up and taking a break if I had needed too, contrary to a game like OneShot that keeps you wanting to play more and more in the same sitting.In terms of achievements, most are tied to progression and will be awarded in a single playthrough, and the others can be gotten in a few minutes by going back and replaying specific parts of specific scenes (you can choose to replay specific portions of the game once you've beaten it). A few may not be immidiately obvious as to how they are earned, but there are discussions on the game's Steam forum to help you figure it out.I guess the purpose of reviews is to help you answer the question: Should I buy this game? And I think the answer in this case is, yes, you should play through this game. However if you aren't super intrigued by the game's style, perhaps you should wait for a sale as it is on the short side, so the price may be a tad steep in some people's eyes.A Note (Mild Spoiler): After playing through this game I played back through Thomas Was Alone, and I really like how this game made subtle references to it. I think that did improve my opinion of this game, as they reference it in a very clever way that makes a lot of sense, and if you haven't played Thomas Was Alone, give it a go. It is wonderful."
,Recommended,676820,34341171,Posted: 18 August,all,Aetos,A very good text adventure taking place all on a train. About 3 hours to complete. Provides an immersive and engaging story. Hope more games are released at this length & price. My only disapointment is that I wanted more out of the ending.
,Recommended,676820,34321437,Posted: 17 August,all,Jaysog,"Excellent game. Not terribly lengthy, but definitely worth the price. I was engrossed for the whole 2-3 hours or so. Visually, this game looks quite nice. The story and stuff is also really good. Exceptional value for only 6 USD.Please excuse my brief review, just putting my two cents in before this game's popularity explodes. I have a feeling it will. Excellent game."
,Recommended,676820,34320371,Posted: 17 August,all,GamerTek,"Wow. First of all, I didn't realize that I bought this game the day it was released. The game is amazing. The graphics are great, but my (old) computer can still handle it. The story is one of the best text based stories I've ever played. The game starts off at kind of an odd point, where you, a 'Detective Tek' meets a 'Fabricator Tek' who tells you about a friend of his that disappers (spelling mistake?). From that point on, you talk to other Teks to learn information about the more and more popular disapperance of Teks. From interacting with different people on the Subsurface Circular, which is like the London Underground, you learn about the world that the game takes place in, and the types of Teks that are made. Through story telling, the game paints a beautiful world with a rich backstory and rememorable characters through simple conversations.10/10, I would pay double, if not triple for this game."
,Recommended,676820,34675379,Posted: 1 September,all,Prvt. Donut,"A noir story on a trainSubsurface Circular puts you into the mind of a detective robot in a world you can only glean about by investigating robot passengers on a train.What sounds like an excellent concept for a game could turn out being very hard. For example, the game could be too linear, being more of a book because the developers didn't have the skill/time to implement a world but are so proud of it then over inform you or force you to do the old ""rub every noun against every source of information until the game is beat"" type gameplay. SC ignores both options and forges ahead, writing a tale worthy of Asimov but giving you characters you care about and a narrative filled with choices.That's a mouthful. If it's a game, how's it look and sound?While sound is minimal, it's well implemented. From the train calling out your stations to the ambient noise, there's plenty of sound going on. Graphically the game isn't anything you'll call home about. The simple meshes work well for the visuals provided, but the texture resolution and lighting won't have you pulling the game out as a benchmark. Nor should it, given the relatively low price point for entertainment value. The game runs about 2 hours per playthrough and as far as I can tell has three endings to get you to that amount of playtime.So it's good then?This game isexcellentin terms of narrative and one that I highly recommend for anyone even slightly interested. The mood and tone are set early on and survives the entire game. The story is so good, I'm going to be completing those as well, just to see the other endings. I recommend the game if you're even a little interested in story based games or if you're looking for something really good and really different."
,Recommended,676820,34341935,Posted: 18 August,all,Gravy,"I think $5 is an okay price for this. The story builds an interesting universe that I would like to see expanded, overall however I feel the story is only alright which is a bummer. SPOILER:I really don't understand why they felt a need to make such a twist ending where the plot suddenly expands past a simple but interesting investigation. It feels forced and as though they were scared writing it that things might not be ""big"" enough and I enjoyed it a lot more prior to the twist at the end. What's wrong with a simple investigation? Nothing! Why is there this need that everything has to be a huge world changing decision? Just keeping it as a simple interesting story where you solve a crime would have been fine with me. With a little more time put into the investigation aspect instead of the jarring twist at the end it could have been really good. As it stands it is only okay. Additionally the developer commentary is text only and doesn't flow well with how it is laid out, audio to go along with the text would have been great."
,Recommended,676820,34314478,Posted: 17 August,all,Vicsyyy,Love it. Short but very interesting and extremely beautiful.
,Recommended,676820,34314726,Posted: 17 August,all,MrDreKC,"I really enjoyed this game, the artwork is beautiful & the games invenotry style ""Focus Points"" were an interesting system to get into.Overall I would love to see them expand on a game like this, maybe even team up with Choice of Games I would love to see this style blendend into one their CYA games."
,Recommended,676820,34365752,Posted: 19 August,all,Yomangogo,"T H E  best game I have every played in my entire life. Leaves me thinking ""Where can I get more of this? I need more of this now."""
,Recommended,676820,34332316,Posted: 18 August,all,Versus ^-^,Short but very interesting storyline.Game is worth giving a try.Thanks for this nice textadventurewith a heartbreaking end.
,Recommended,676820,34335243,Posted: 18 August,all,Zelba,yes/10
,Recommended,676820,34337511,Posted: 18 August,all,Axyraandas,"I am pleased by the word 'cat' in the game. Thus, thumbs up."
76561197964256853,Recommended,676820,34321620,Posted: 17 August,all,DanceCommando3k,An awesome short story.  It's a text adventure that's tastefully simple and doesn't overstay its welcome.
,Recommended,676820,35078715,Posted: 19 September,all,Naru,"An interesting glimpse into a future world, with lovingly designed and rendered robots. Well-written, with some good moments of humor and mystery.It's a small, simple, but worthwhile game."
76561198319118499,Recommended,676820,34328367,Posted: 18 August,all,Firefarts!,"A brilliant example of a game that Does One Thing Really Well! It consistently looks great, it plays well, the story and characters are neat. Any actual challenge is mostly artificial but there is a hint button to help you past that if you don't feel like answering context-less riddles.It doesNOT, however, provide ""linguistic gameplay"" like the frog puzzle in Frog Fractions 2 (to google it is to invite monumental spoilers; this comparison is for people who know what it is and, like me, expected Subsurface Circular to be similar)."
76561197967002564,Not Recommended,676820,35009815,Posted: 16 September,all,Killer_Bob,"I think a game should either give excitement, give knowledge, or reward the player in some other way. I played this game over 2 hours and I was never excited, I didnt learn anything, and I ultimately didn't feel rewarded in any way. It's an all-text, interactive chat that last a couple hours. None of those are dealbreakers but I came away wondering about the point of it all. I must say it has soul, it has some good humor, it has good easter eggs, and it doesn't have any blatant negatives I can think of. It just wasn't very rewarding for me. Might be for others but I can't recommend."
,Recommended,676820,34315299,Posted: 17 August,all,shark hat,"This game is very short (about 2hrs) but is better for it as the story is quite tight. The plot is fairly linear, but during conversations you have options to give the robot PC a different kind of spin. It looks lovely, the UI is great and I very much enjoyed the subsurface station names. I would highly recommend it for a fiver!"
,Recommended,676820,34316924,Posted: 17 August,all,Lord Readaholic,"Really good. It was nice and short, but it wouldn't have worked if it was any longer."
76561198351209725,Recommended,676820,34317454,Posted: 17 August,all,Fletchcow,"What this game lacks in length,it makes up for in strong writing,beautiful visuals,Compelling story,world development,and Branching narratives.This game gets more story done in 2 hours then some do In 60.Wonderfully well done!"
,Recommended,676820,34316730,Posted: 17 August,all,Everland,"Great, short and concice experience. If you've enjoyed games such as Journey, and find the discussion of sentient robots place in society fascinating, this game is definitely a must have for you.The story is enganging and the characters feel like they have personality, even though they're literally robots and there's no voice over, Mike has once again managed to breathe life into nearly inanimate characters.Dialogue is also engaging since it doesn't just contain question and answer sequences, but implements something called 'Focus Points' which adds a level of depth and puzzle to conversations you otherwise wouldn't get.While I won't spoil any details regarding the ending, I'm very impressed with how Mike & Co. managed to create an engaging decision, that I had to sit and think about for a minute or two, considering the game is only a short 2 hours long. It reminds me of the ending to Life Is Strange, in the sense that the decision felt like it carried weight.Any criticism I have of the game, such as an unfortunate lack of void actors, can be wholely attributed to it being a short, and not a fully fledged product like Thomas Was Alone. With that said, I definitely feel like I got my moneys worth of entertainment, and hope Bithell Games will expand upon this concept by turning it into a fully fledged experience."
76561198016332539,Recommended,676820,34317020,Posted: 17 August,all,Jimmy Xia,"If you're debating either going to the movie theater to watch a 2 hour long movie, or to play this game, I would highly recommend it. The experience is a testament to creatively-told storytelling and morality."
76561198043113804,Recommended,676820,34317333,Posted: 17 August,all,DiamondDogmeat,"A short, but beautifully crafted story and experience. There are few games that make me pull out a pen and paper while playing, and even fewer that don't annoy me by doing so. The way the conversations, puzzles, choices, and dialogue options flow is surprisingly natural (ironically) for the setting and characters at play. By the end, if you play this all in one sitting (which I highly recommend you do), you may find yourself relating more to Teks than people. Definitely worth your $5, a wonderfully surprising labor of love from a talented team (with one or two delightful little easter eggs in there)."
,Recommended,676820,34318096,Posted: 17 August,all,Fex,"Gorgeous Text Adventure about the role of robots in tomorrow's society. The story probably won't blow your mind, but the characters are generally beautifully written.Short but well worth the price.I enjoyed every minute of it."
76561198162410567,Recommended,676820,34331394,Posted: 18 August,all,Awkward winkyface,"Very interesting game in an even more fascinating setting. Nothing about this game is mind blowing, but that is exactly it's charm. Essentially you're watching an interactive movie. There's very little to be said about Subsurface Circular, name referring to the tube you're bound to, that doesn't spoil the game.A small list of pros and cons is, I think, the best way to describe the gamePros:-Graphics are simple but effective-Story is interesting, characters are intruiging-Sounds are goodCons:-The main flaw I found in this game is that, despite it's premise being the outcome is yours to make, it might feel like you have very little control over the conversation. This originates in your options existing of singular words. You never quite know in what way the dialogue steers as you don't actually see the formulation-Many dialogue options don't have any actual impact, subjects don't have any form of lasting ""mood"". This disallows characters to be considered ""round"" by conventional means-Faced the same bug twice where a station would freeze upon arrival-Game shoves ""hints"" in your face before you even realize there was a puzzle. This part frustrated as I never got the time to actually do the thinking myself. I say this without spoiling anything, but if you're like me you will inevitably feel annoyed when these come byOverall: it's like watching an interesting filmhouse movie that relies much more on intelligence than explosions to keep you in your seat.My verdict: 7/10 - worth it on full price"
,Not Recommended,676820,34744328,Posted: 4 September,all,Vinrafel,"Video Reviewhttps://youtu.be/pr9_36So7zsQuick InfoSubsurface Circularis a game that could have been far more interesting than it turned out to be. As it is, it is a simple visual novel that ends up being an interesting, but not exceptional, read with poor gameplay. The visuals are almost completely meaningless, with most entities the player interacts with not moving at all throughout their conversations. The story clearly pulls heavily from Asimov’s works with an emphasis on seeing the rise of artificial intelligence from the A.I.’s perspective. However, in terms of gaming narratives this one is fairly simple given that the majority of the player’s actions have little to no effect on the outcome. If you’re looking for a quick, and rather light, read then this may well be the game for you. Outside of that,Subsurface Circularended up being rather disappointing from both a narrative and gameplay perspective.For more info see the video above or read the review at:Vinrafel"
,Recommended,676820,34342579,Posted: 18 August,all,Ma Honey,Intrigued by every second of it.
76561198053922320,Recommended,676820,34343110,Posted: 18 August,all,Beyonder,"I enjoyed this game very much! Nice for a good quick play, with an unusually deep and engaging story for its length."
76561197970541750,Recommended,676820,35020400,Posted: 17 September,all,acha11,"Interesting, brief. Little, but not small. I have a few quibbles, but I'm glad I spent my time on this."
76561197963487819,Recommended,676820,34920841,Posted: 13 September,all,Jacob,Best $6 dollars I've spent in a long time.
76561198005655387,Recommended,676820,35039613,Posted: 17 September,all,Fleeting Relevance,"It's goddamn amazing for what it is: a short, sweet, smart story. Just bear in mind you're only going to get 2-3 hours from a playthrough."
,Recommended,676820,34358910,Posted: 19 August,all,Don Alsafi,This game is my robo-jam.
,Recommended,676820,34316631,Posted: 17 August,all,CertainT,"Tried this without knowing too much about it, but a fan of this studio's previous work.  Played to completion in a couple of hours. An enjoyable game with an interesting mechanic that I've not seen before (quickly switching between conversations to open new paths).  Offered fair value for money, in my view.  Looking forward to replaying it with commentary enabled."
,Recommended,676820,34315575,Posted: 17 August,all,✪R1K0N,Amazing game. 30 minutes in and im hyped for every minute. every second is pure pleasure for a mystry and detective stories enthusiasit like meGraphics: 7.2/10Gameplay: 8/10Story: 9.6/10Bugs: i havent encountered a single bug/glitch. good job!Overall rating: 9/10
76561198083427357,Recommended,676820,34595027,Posted: 29 August,all,The Flare,Great great great great great
76561198334411319,Recommended,676820,34326415,Posted: 18 August,all,lordparkersirdeath,cool robot game. you are a smart robot in ways that are subtle but sensible in game. basically talk to robots of various levels of autisim.points in a few places for those familiar with how modern AI is trained.
,Not Recommended,676820,34376152,Posted: 20 August,all,junk,"Looks great, but that is it really.  The premise sounded great - i.e. you are a robot and you ""learn"" new things to cotinue your investigation - I was under the impression that you'd learn new concepts and new ""programs"" or whatever for your robot brain but actually you just learn some new questions to ask people, and you are literally stuck in one place - its not like other games (e.g. Moneky Island) where you need to walk around and try stuff, you just get a stream of characters who come to you and you have to ask them questions before they leave, and click the red button when it appears.It sounded like this great idea of this evolving robot, building up new programming and capabilities exploring the environment and achieving more and more as its abilities grew, but instead it is actually a sitting-still-simulator.  Yawn.  Refund requested."
,Not Recommended,676820,34326450,Posted: 18 August,all,hughie522,"I knew this would be a short game, but it felt really short imo. The graphics and sound were really good, but the dialogue was average and the story wasn't nearly as interesting as I thought it would be. An interesting concept wasted."
76561198084745747,Not Recommended,676820,34332681,Posted: 18 August,all,Hoba511,i thought it was a nice game finding out it doesn't have anything intresting
,Not Recommended,676820,34328255,Posted: 18 August,all,Shia LaBeouf,"Steam doesn't show, but I've invested around 20 minutes out of 2 hours that this game offers (no spoilers).  That's enough for me to tell you - it is garbage. Effort went into this, but far too little, in my eyes. Let me parallel here: eating a $5 banknote feels basically the same as playing this.People probably simply dislike this review without even reading. Oh well.It's a story driven adventure (""game"") - you're presented with text options which are so linear that my brain deflates - you, as a player have absolutely zero choice on how the story or at least the conversation goes. The questions our ""detective"" can ask sound like they were written by a 5 year old while he's made out to be with ""smart"" enhancements.Tek: I seem to be lostDetective: Are you not from here?Note - instead of directly saying that ""I'm lost, since I'm new around here"" or something along those lines, it's pointlessly made so that you need to ask, when it's obvious.Seems the developer also regards players as complete degenerates, since in the corner of the screen it says ""Find out what X wants."" - there's nothing else to do in this boring game, so I have enough brainpower to realise that myself.Another reason for that is even worse. You can choose to end the conversation, but as I've said - talking is the only thing you can do. It's so counter intuitive I'm simply baffled.I'm sure that example alone is enough for me to prove that this is not a game, but rather a linear, boring story conveyed through a chat. Although I can only comment 20 minutes I've played, I'm certain that the story drags on like this for those 2 hours aimlessly, seeing how much exposition is dumped at the intro and our ""detective"" taking on  completely unmotivated tasks. The intro dialogue could've had a conflict, a doubt and yet nope. Instead of cleverly using the fact that the ""detective"" is  obviously smart and self-driven to cause some sort of diversion while talking to the ""kid"". Oh, and please don't tell me looking at a map and answering a question when there's an option ""I don't know"" is gameplay, plus has no consequence.Either way, it seems like the developer spent more time making these moving images (some call it graphics, but not in this case) look pretty than developing an engaging story - or an intro, at the very least, about which they so proudly boast.What I also just realised from Store screenshots - it appears as if you spend the whole time on this train and solve a case at the same time? Isn't that a bit coincidental for the right people to be at the right train stop? Coincidences in storytelling are the purest showcase of inability to tell, well,a story.Honestly,  I'm better off eating my $5. Here's a suggestion. What if instead of making it look shiny, you'd spend those resources on making it more interactive and interesting to actually ""PLAY"". Speaking of their limited resources, I really despise their choice to make it more visually appealing instead of actually interactivity or at least produce a quality intro story wise. For me, that's questionable resource management. Best example how it's done right  - Undertale. A one man project, simple visuals, but a vast amount of quality content, gameplay and narrative wise, so no, budget sounds like a cheap excuse to me (no pun intended).Comment: Oh, you c*unt, it's not a game - it's an experience!Answer: ""BithellGAMES"".I did not finish it for reasons mentioned above. I don't care if it has an astounding build-up and ending. I lost interest, because I except the same poor level of quality through out the whole 2 hour ""game"", since the intro has to reflect your game and its intentions..  Any negative clicks simply feed my sinister outlook, muahaha.Now sincerely,f1uck off."
,Recommended,676820,34548204,Posted: 28 August,all,Xion,"Fair warning; all you really do in this game is read unvoiced dialog, make dialog choices, and solve the occasional word/logic puzzle. However, the compulsion involved is one of mystery. Beating around the bush, nipping at clues, catching the odd 'Red' herring (inside joke), and still not getting the full scope until the very end.Ultimately I enjoyed the totality of my experience with the game. I will make one complaint that the ""ending"" is two binary extremes. However, you can still infer your own contextual conclusion to your A or B choice.Narratively the game explores the beaten path that is automation taking over our general work-force. Something that's been tackled many times since the first major automation boom in the 80's. It also mixes in the implications of true AI of various complexities having taken over such general labor, and even specialized work. You are a Detective AI Tek(robot), and you find yourself investigating not only the main plot, but also the subset context of the world itself. Bound to a subway train for the entirety of the experience.I hate movies that are confined to singular spaces or relatively small locations, and yet I didn't dislike this game confining me to a single seat on a subway train car. Because the frequent delivery of world-building kept my mind's eye imagining the world outside. This made a 'world' of difference.The only kind of person I can see not enjoying the experience this has to offer is a self-absorbed, conceited, narcissist.The game costs less than a typical meal for one person, and lasts longer. No cost/hour excuses allowed."
,Recommended,676820,34520502,Posted: 26 August,all,Brackenblack,:D
,Recommended,676820,34531508,Posted: 27 August,all,bilsantu,"I bought it pretty cheap so I cannot really complain, no that there is actually anything to complain. Even though it's short, the story is well paced and its presentation is good. This is kind of like Choice of Robots but with actual graphics."
,Recommended,676820,34535309,Posted: 27 August,all,Harambone,"A game about the distillation of ideas, both in design and dialectic.By using the players intelligent removal from the real world of the game, and the most simple of adventure game mechanics, this game says a great deal with whats there, and consequently, what is not there is also just as important.Elegant, simple, powerful9/10"
76561198012448959,Recommended,676820,34520059,Posted: 26 August,all,Iconoclast209,"So far, I am very impressed.  This is a really neat take on a text adventure game, with some beautiful graphics in the background."
,Recommended,676820,34422928,Posted: 22 August,all,FluffySquirrel,"A lovely story based game exploring the life of future AI and how things might end upNot too long, but worth every penny if you ask me"
76561198320312887,Recommended,676820,34423117,Posted: 22 August,all,dreamcast210,"I highly recommend this ... interactive novel?Subsurface Circular focuses on telling you a tight story with interactive elements. You have the chance to make the story your own by your sentence selection but overall it won't affect the outcome,well, except for the ending.My son and I both played through this and enjoyed it thoroughly. The world building is excellent for the limited time you are with the game (90 minutes to two hours). That's not a knock on the length, as this shorter length is perfect for the story. You will read a lot of text, with graphical stuff happening in the background. The sound effects for menu selection and items while playing are very satisfying, and they complement the atmosphere of the entire game.Even at full price, this game is worth it. So pick it up, grab a cold beverage of your choice, and have a good time unraveling the mystery in Subsurface Circular."
,Recommended,676820,34424548,Posted: 22 August,all,LeChuckie,Probably the prettiest text adventure game you will play.
,Recommended,676820,34424859,Posted: 22 August,all,Jewk,gucc
76561197969030562,Recommended,676820,34428046,Posted: 22 August,all,Pizzicato,"Short, simple, quirky, very stylish and a storyline that gets significantly more intriguing over its course.Not a huge amount of meaningful interaction, but certainly a journey worth taking at the very low price."
,Recommended,676820,34427472,Posted: 22 August,all,megadustrial,"Short and sweet, it's a fantatically polished and enjoyable visual novel that is well worth the asking price. I'd love to see more games follow in it's style."
,Recommended,676820,34426106,Posted: 22 August,all,Haikumagician(No Sound),"So I was looking around at story rich games, and came across this one. The reviews were promising and i decided to check it out. So I bought the game and played it. The game is about an hour and a half long, but very rewarding and I really like it."
,Recommended,676820,34424315,Posted: 22 August,all,Kauhat,"Subsurface Circular takes advantage of it's short format. A handful of simple, but not underdeveloped mechanics within a single and claustrophobic environment were enought for the narrative to draw me into the unseen city outside of the tube.Great art and slick style."
,Recommended,676820,34461914,Posted: 24 August,all,D-e-f-,"Finished this last night. Went in with no expectations, was really positively surprised. This text-conversation-based detective narrative adventure set in a single location starts off fairly tame and straightforward but soon you will find yourself reaching for a sheet of paper to pencil out puzzles presented in the dialogue to solve a mysterious disappearance. Bithell's writing is nicely varied between intriguing mystery, silly humor, and grand scale social commentary that'll have you tear your hair out when faced with certain choices.I've not yet tried the developer commentary mode but I have some suspicion that it is fittingly integrated into what this game is.Also, the synth soundtrack is quite rad. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,676820,34462653,Posted: 24 August,all,FISH,"I'm glad that I convinced myself to buy this game despite some reviews that it is short and can be finished within 2-3 hours. I wasn't huge fan of text-based adventures but I fall in love with this one. It makes you feel as a detective who is just calmly sitting on the train and interrogate other Teks. You ask questions, you had to think sometimes to get the information if it's necessary and step by step it folds into one picture.Nice graphic part and beautiful soundtrack from Dan Le Sac.You have to try it.Maybe it sounds crazy but I hope there will be some sort of sequel with new story and mysteries.9/10"
,Recommended,676820,34455761,Posted: 24 August,all,sivis,"The game is amazing. Short, refined and great. Benefit/cost ratio is just through the roof!Once you complete the game you unlock developer commentary and it is pure genius.There is not much more to say without starting to get spoilerous."
76561198124164382,Recommended,676820,34455160,Posted: 24 August,all,chauffeurcattins,"The reason I like this is very complicated to explain. So let me say it in a different, more strange way.This game is like Thomas was alone, and yet so very, very different. A darker, more cynical and maybe even Orwellian tone.Its connections to TWA(Thomas was Alone) are strong enough that playing TWA will be beneficial, but not strong enough that you need them.In the end, this game is thought-provoking, and will make you question the future of human superioty."
76561198020935703,Recommended,676820,34453642,Posted: 23 August,all,Harry,"This is a wonderful exploration of text adventures, design and world building. There is a focus to the story that the development time and resources enhances to create a game that draws you in and keeps you wanting to find out more. The price is more than justified, in my opinion, for what you get in return.If you're a fan of more constrained science fiction, and can enjoy games that have a relaxed tone, this is a purchase you won't regret. Yeah, it's not a huge epic or action packed title, but just as short stories can be enjoyable and explore things differently to thousand page tomes, bite sized games like this can scratch an itch other games can't by their nature."
,Recommended,676820,34617842,Posted: 30 August,all,Rage Potato,Best train journey ever. 10/10 would talk to listners again.
76561198007485412,Recommended,676820,34618291,Posted: 30 August,all,Matthew,"Interesting, short little game. The fact that it can be completed in one sitting (2 hours, just about) allows you to immerse yourself in the narrative - it's similar to an art-house sci fi film and its stripped down aesthetics gives focus on the narrative. Lots of reading, and some reasonably good logic puzzles as well (I didn't try the in built hint system, but it looked like it would be impossible to get stuck).Not much you can say about the story without giving away key bits of information. The asking questions device that is used is great at keeping you engaged, and the characters you meet are sympathetic and for the most part wholly believable. Altogether, very well worth the small amount of money the game costs."
,Recommended,676820,34519059,Posted: 26 August,all,McMurder,"A short, interesting experience that is well worth the money."
,Recommended,676820,34543351,Posted: 27 August,all,mooware,"Short narrative game that consists entirely of conversations. Very well written. Great cyberpunk style, reflected in the visuals, background music and the conversations itself."
,Recommended,676820,34545467,Posted: 27 August,all,Iconoclast,"I got a good couple hours of gameplay out of it and I feel like it's worth the price despite its length. Both the plot and the game aesthetic kept me hooked during the entirety of the experience. It's not very sophisticated in terms of puzzles or real detective work (at least not to the degree that some other detective-oriented games like Darkness Within are) but in this case it serves to give you a good sense of accomplishment without having any moments that drag on. It's very streamlined in how the story unfolds and though it is rather linear, you have the option of pursuing different lines of inquiry as you please. Your choices feel weighty and do carry consequences.Overally, definitely fun and intriguing. I would like to see more games of this kind."
76561197987413156,Recommended,676820,34543825,Posted: 27 August,all,Medic313,Short but excellent investigative game. Pretty much like reading a crime novel with a modern AI twist. 10/10. I just wish there was more. I'm so hooked
76561198103866293,Recommended,676820,34562819,Posted: 28 August,all,ElDuderino,"It's basically a low budget text based game with nice robot images. If you only focus in technical details in games and action you can be dissapointed. However, for some classy gamers focusing on story twists and game design (dialogue branches as little puzzles to proceed), this is a small gem for you. You will be having a great 3 hours experience in that case."
,Recommended,676820,34351991,Posted: 19 August,all,Allthegoodnamestaken,"It doesn't necessarily do anything you haven't seen before in AI stories or mystery VNs, (other than taking place entirely in one subway car, I guess), but it does it all quite well. If you've got $5 and 90 minutes to kill, you really can't go too wrong here.The main story only branches at the end, but a decent number of the individual conversations have enough variation to justify further playthroughs if you're into that. Personally, I'm happy with my purchase after one."
,Recommended,676820,34353866,Posted: 19 August,all,PKOwl,"Saw this game, it only had 2 reviews, I bought it anyway and saw that it was good, wondering why it only had two reviews I checked and it was actually released the day I bought it. It's very interesting and has a nice story, if you've got the money I would get it."
,Recommended,676820,34354057,Posted: 19 August,all,steve,"I loved playing this game.  While I would have loved to have had voice acting, it was still thotoughly enjoyable and the the other sound and music set the tone perfectly.  It's great to play a conversational detective game of this quality.  More please, Mike."
,Recommended,676820,34351358,Posted: 19 August,all,KatanaMaster,I like this game a lot and I'm leaving a positive review because I want to help it do well.
,Recommended,676820,34353069,Posted: 19 August,all,Nerzogg,"7/10: ExcellentAfter a brief first playthrough of this game, I would say that it achieves a setting that is finite in its intitial design, yet broad enough for the players imagination to expand it, and a mystery narrative structured well enough so that you feel compelled to witness what events are further down the line.I appreciate that dialogue is used again in a game to pose a puzzle rather than complete exposition. Well written dialogue achieves setting, exposition, provocation and story with apropriate balance to each so that one does not outweigh the other, and to have this dialogue utilise much of its provocation within its puzzle, yet remain so unnassuming as to suspend belief, speaks of a talented writer.My only qualm would be how the story was concluded. Without spoilers, I would propose that it lacked a small amount of gravity in places. Not a huge defecit, but enought to where it is noticeable in the aftertaste.Anyway, great project, I really enjoyed my time with it, and it gives me the hope that storytelling for videogames can crawl out of the current rut."
76561198121049096,Recommended,676820,34353079,Posted: 19 August,all,SpookDro,"For the price the games great, theres a nice overarching story here that I enjoyed alot."
,Recommended,676820,34352476,Posted: 19 August,all,skycoop,"I absolutely love Mike Bithell's previous work, and this lives up to those previous games, albiet on a smaller scale. In a more general sense, I love the idea of a solid ~2hr experience for $5. I would love to see more games like this!"
,Recommended,676820,34355997,Posted: 19 August,all,zaphos,An interesting playable short w/ some simple but fun puzzles.  The entire game is spent sitting in a train and talking to various robots.  I enjoyed it.
,Recommended,676820,34356916,Posted: 19 August,all,Al__S,A mightily enjoyable little game. I'm going to need to go back and in and give it another go- I'm sure there's plenty I've missed first time round.
,Recommended,676820,34355658,Posted: 19 August,all,kewleus,"Fun single session game.Encountered an occasional visual glitch, but otherwise graphically pleasing for a text based game.It seemed to fail to progress to the final sequence, maybe I just didn't wait long enough, but I just saved and quit to menu, then continued and everything seemed good. I'll see if I missed anything in a subsequent play through. ( It looks like this may have been fixed inUpdate 1)Despite those two issues the story was compelling and kept my interest for the ~2.5 hours session."
76561198178482889,Recommended,676820,34357017,Posted: 19 August,all,Harrohinge101,"Very interesting and entertaining, even the smallest bits can keep you hooked."
76561198024248470,Recommended,676820,34359574,Posted: 19 August,all,One-Way Road,"game looks and sounds great and found the world quite compelling from such a small view point, however the ending had a gread build up but then the climax sucked♥♥♥♥♥at least the way it played for me, the alternate might be more satisfying I guess."
76561197970569644,Recommended,676820,34358403,Posted: 19 August,all,Vulin,Very cool and interesting but short experience.
,Recommended,676820,34358015,Posted: 19 August,all,Rescla,"Very enjoyable interactive storytelling experience. Took me about 2 hours to complete, definitely a one session game. Hope to see more of these short, polished and cheap experiences in the future."
,Recommended,676820,34358712,Posted: 19 August,all,Moryakov,"Brilliant story, made my day enjoyable. I loved playing this game. I recommend this game to like, everyone."
,Recommended,676820,34356831,Posted: 19 August,all,MaxTaggart,"An interesting story told in a clever way, with really nice visuals and sound."
,Recommended,676820,34368467,Posted: 20 August,all,glengraegill,"Love it, story driven games are mint"
,Recommended,676820,34368558,Posted: 20 August,all,video_tape.mp4,This game makes you think about future....
,Recommended,676820,34363433,Posted: 19 August,all,Tactful,"I'm a fan of Mike Bithell's other games, and saw him tweet about this one with very little promotion. Decided to buy it on the strength of his previous work, and enjoyed it a lot.Practically, it's a very simple text adventure about being a robot detective in the future. But the store is interesting enough and short enough to complete in a single session, and the conceit and writing is entertaining and sometimes thought provoking. Think all of the on the nose, dialogue-driven moral movements of modern Deux Ex without the combat.Enjoyed a lot, would recommend if you like games that are mostly dialogue choices."
,Recommended,676820,34365025,Posted: 19 August,all,Mr. McSinister,"A nice short little interactive story, with sharp imagery. The story was concise and intriguing, and the puzzles were challenging without getting in the way of the narrative.Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,676820,34403257,Posted: 21 August,all,Everscore,"Definetly a must buy for anyone who loves games with interesting stories, political and philosophical themes, and has 2 hours to spare. Keep it up guys!"
,Recommended,676820,34403226,Posted: 21 August,all,Jonesey,Fab game - so much fun and all for the price of a coffee! Very much enjoyed this narrative driven adventure. Give it a try - you won't be disappointed
,Recommended,676820,34410180,Posted: 22 August,all,ATeamOfSkeletons,"For this game, you will need atleast a level 10 in reading."
76561198031376462,Recommended,676820,34429248,Posted: 22 August,all,Buskea22,"I bought this game on sale, and I really like story based games.For ~$5, this is a great story based game. It's very linear, and the only major choice is at the end. The rest is puzzle solving. You definately get what you pay for. This is a $5 game, and you'll only really get ~3 hours out of it, but it is extremely well done."
76561198029349238,Recommended,676820,34423841,Posted: 22 August,all,Scroob Wolf,"Subsurface Circular is a short game, that feels more like a movie or book. The puzzles aren't terribly complicated, and the gameplay itsself consists of clicking a few different boxes. I found however, that everything in this game come together for a truly wonderful experience. The atmosphere, the faint music, and the dialogue make this game a very enjoyable experience.It costs around 5 dollars, and I would say it's worth it for about two hours of entertainment. This is probably not a game you will find yourself playing over and over again, but it is one that will end leaving you satisfied."
,Recommended,676820,34425815,Posted: 22 August,all,Wispeh,"A well told story that is surprisingly relevant. at the moment. Has all the mystery of a good detective game, but with some rather nice twists. This game wasn't long at all, but certainly damn fun to play."
,Recommended,676820,34424251,Posted: 22 August,all,Voillassant,fun and interesting game would like to see more to it as its fairly short but i suppose thats why its a small price tag to come with it also really nice art style would be quite the game if it was an open world game
,Recommended,676820,34437395,Posted: 23 August,all,DefenestratingPigs,"Normally I'm not one for story-driven games, but after seeing this come up on my recommended section and reading the reviews I decided to give it a go, and I am so happy I did. I love the aesthetic, so that really helped to pull me in, but the concept of the game and the buildup it so expertly delivers is incredible. (slight spoilers ahead)The final twist and dilemma had me enthralled, and I took such a long time deliberating the decision becasue of how the story had built up to it. It didn't feel rushed or drawn out, and all of the exposition throughout the game comes together at the end. It's an incredible experience."
76561198065806898,Recommended,676820,34422313,Posted: 22 August,all,God of the Ocean,"Short game, but I don't think I would have it any other way. Really gets you thinking."
76561198045357377,Recommended,676820,34442019,Posted: 23 August,all,Munkey Nuts,"Great story and mechanics.Not for those of you looking for an action heavy game, but for anyone looking for a fun couple of hours with a cool story in a cool world, then pick this up.Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,676820,34318906,Posted: 17 August,all,SumJuice,"Amazing text based game with an insanely cool looking design and feel to it! Everything feels silky smooth and reads well,  great story too!"
,Recommended,676820,34319935,Posted: 17 August,all,Girugamesh!,"Excellent story and writing. The world and characters feel very alive. Fans of sci-fi and mysteries will definitely find a lot to like here. As for value, even at 2 hours, the $5 price point is a steal.I sincerely hope this project is a success for Bithell and his team and they create more experiences like this in the future."
76561197976149844,Recommended,676820,34387413,Posted: 20 August,all,J.R. Hendricks,"This was a fun, relaxing,  immersive little exercise of ""What if?""I reccomend it, I also reccomend having a notepad handy."
,Recommended,676820,34388158,Posted: 20 August,all,Morian,"This is a really cool, quick little game that has some fun with its interactive fiction format and lets you be a robot detective.  Not too bad for five bucks."
,Recommended,676820,34386984,Posted: 20 August,all,SteppeQuiet,"I'm a huge fan of robot fiction and Subsurface Circular did a fantastic job referencing the greats while blazing its own trail.The Teks are distinctly not human. Something I appreciate as much modern robot science fiction features sentient machines that are indistinguishable from their meaty comrades personality wise. Their culture and concerns are nuanced and wholly their own.This is what good short form science fiction is supposed to be. Quick, sharp, clean, and intimate. A real pleasure. Easily worth twice what I paid for it."
,Recommended,676820,34366411,Posted: 19 August,all,@willoneill,"I liked it! The story didn't really pick up until near the end of the game, but I really appreciate the simple yet effective design and polish that went into this. Worth the dough. Short and sweet. Let it be."
,Recommended,676820,34388066,Posted: 20 August,all,Capitalist Jesus,"This game is phenomenal! I grew up playing tons of text based story games and the peeps at Bithell Games really out did themselves! The art style and music is extremely immersive. The interface and transitions are smooth. I love the design of the tecs, how the lighting and color both pop and fill their roles well. The story and characters feel natural.I'm really thankful you made such a stellar game and I sincerely hope we get to learn more abotu the Tek world in the near future, if this becomes a series of which you make many additions I will surely be the first to play them. I'm find myself intriqued by the Teks nature and curious of the politics and goings ons of their world.Thanks again! ^.^ <3"
76561198277148193,Recommended,676820,34384462,Posted: 20 August,all,zacharyfdeane,"A smart, stylish, and compact experience. Highly recommended for the price,"
76561198051124510,Recommended,676820,34377126,Posted: 20 August,all,Ternkios,"An interesting game, Short but with good re-play value for the other choices.All the main char is missing is a fedora and trenchcoat, Snarky dialogue is already in-game(especially if you spend any time talking to the listner teks)Beep Boop.."
,Recommended,676820,34378206,Posted: 20 August,all,[V101] Zach Wilson,"Fantastic. Play it before you read anything about it, and enjoy the conversation."
,Recommended,676820,34363867,Posted: 19 August,all,๖Pookie,"A mix of a captivating storyline, unique gameplay, and amazing graphics makes Subsurface Circular an amazing game.STORYYou are a robot detective riding a train. Your goal? To discover the cause behind the many disappearances of robots that have been happening recently. You will begin to question subjects on the train as you move from stop to stop, learning more along the way. It turns out that there is a lot more going on than originally thought.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay is smooth and not as boring as text based games usually are. The game tries its hardest to streamline the user along and uncover the whole truth behind the mysterious events with additions such as focus points or objectives, and the story is explained multiple times (sidenote: the train won't move to the next important stop until you uncover all the information possible). However, gameplay can be a bit boring at times. You may need to bounce between conversations with several robots before getting your answer and that gets repetitive after a while.CONCLUSIONSubsurface Circular is a great game and I recommend it. The fact is evident that Mike Bithell Games did an amazing job with the design of this title, however, I'm afraid most gamers really don't care for it, especially those that crave games with more energetic gameplay. Many people won't buy a game for just 2-4 hours of standalone gameplay. Uh-yeah its good. 8/10."
,Recommended,676820,34404140,Posted: 21 August,all,Melfice_Cyrum,"TL; DR Review:Pros:- Game is concise, it's impossible to get lost or otherwise lose focus of what you're supposed to do- Simple but still well-designed graphics and UI add to the setting- Storytelling done through exposition in a good way, helps develop the world around you- Only $6 base priceCons:- Game is only 2-and-a-half to 3 hours long atmost.- Though story is great, the replayability is lacking due to shortness of the narrative- Music consists of only a few tracks, with no OST available.- Requires patience and a LOT of reading; game is driven by dialog alone, which might bore some.Long Version Review:I'd never heard of Bithell Games before now.  Thomas Was Alone and Volume were completely alien titles to me.  I decided to grab this game when a friend pointed it out to me.  They hadn't played it either, but the concept: a mystery story set aboard a subway train with robots, was different enough to intrigue me.  And the execution: a text-based game using words to solve puzzles was instantly my jam.Enter Subsurface Circular.The premise of the game is incredibly simple and too the point:  You play as a Tek (the word for robots in this setting) detective who rides the subway, the titular Subsurface Circular, as it follows it's roundabout route.  While on the subway, you meet a fellow Tek, who implores you to investigate a missing friend of his, who is part of a string of unusual and inexplicable disappearances.  Since you cannot leave the train, you must converse with the various passengers, interact with them, help them, to uncover the truth.The game is made in the Unity engine, and while I'm no programmer/coder, I'm told this is a very good engine, and it shows.  The in-game graphics are crisp and clear, the UI is easy to navigate and use.  The text is easy to read, and my default, moves at a pace that makes it easy to read before it moves along (and even that can adjusted in-game).  The designs of the robots are all quite unique.  They share similar motiffs among types, but they look fantastic, often posed in a manner to convey body language that gives them their own personalities.The gameplay itself, like the game, is simple.  You engage in conversations with the passengers (each set of passengers is called a 'Sequence' of the subway, gaining 'Focus Points', key words or phrases, which serve as the 'inventory' of the game.  These Points can be used to gain additional information.  With these focus points, you can solve the puzzles given to you by the various passengers.  Some might ask for directions to a stop, others will want to hear a joke.  But don't worry, if you're truly stumped, the game has a hint system!  A '?' icon in the upper right will give you a generalized nudge in the right direction, while the in-game 'Guided Deduction Module' will assist you on the game's much more brain-wracking puzzles.The story is superb, for a game that's so short.  Pretty much the entirety of the setting is told through the dialog and Focus Points.  While not all information is relevant to the progression of the game, you can learn a massive amount regarding the world through the conversations, adding to your understanding of the setting.  Even then, Bithell kept some details vague and non-specific enough to allow the player's imagination to draw their own conclusions.  Whether you enjoy the 'twist', I feel the story supports itself well enough that the finale will not actually disappoint.Of course, no game is perfect, and even Subsurface Circular has it's share of smaller, but still prominent issues.  The first, is the runtime.  Even including the puzzles which require you to use your brain seriously to solve, don't expect the game to run longer than 2 or 3 hours.  It's practically anemic.  And while the narrative fits neatly into this, I wish the game had run a bit longer, added more to what was already a solid game.The fact the game requires you to do pretty much NOTHING but read might be a turn off to some.  Normally I wouldn't include this as a 'Con' for a game, not everyone enjoys having to spend essentially the entire game just reading.In addition, outside of unlocking an art gallery and a developer commentary in the form of a self-insert character for a second playthrough, there's not a whole lot to replay for, except simply for the sake of indulging in the game's aesthetics and music.I will point out that these 'downsides' are almost more nitpicks than real negatives.  For a game who's development cycle was a merefour months, there's so much here that I feel it's worth it to play this game, even if perhaps sci-fi isn't really your cup of tea.All-in-all, Subsurface Circular shows that you don't need years to make a good game."
,Recommended,676820,34406278,Posted: 21 August,all,Taylor Swift,I highly preferred this commute to the time I've spent on the Red Line in Chicago.
,Recommended,676820,34405733,Posted: 21 August,all,constantcompile,A three-hour-ish game with very well-written story and characters in a sci-fi setting.Recommended.
,Recommended,676820,34384155,Posted: 20 August,all,Silentcry4help,"To start, this game is worth more than the asking price. Only 6$ and i grabed it on sale for 4.79 it's easilly worth 10. The story is a little slow at the begining but have a very satisfying climax and conclusion. You can tell, even as a side project for the devs, they put alot of effort into this visual novel and it works wonders. With the dev commentary only availible after completion of the game, shows how the devs care and walks you through why and how the game was made. Pick up the game and support the Dev's that did a terrific job for such a small monentary gain."
76561198043711366,Recommended,676820,34429727,Posted: 22 August,all,Deaddropping,"I heartily recomend this to anyone with an interest in storytelling in the interactive medium. This game expertly draws in the player with a mystery that does not dissapoint, all told from the seat of a train. The gameplay could be compared to L.A. Noir with conversational puzzle solving. There is no failure state, but it still feels rewarding to figure out the correct awnser. The question the ending brings up is also something we will have to consider hard in the coming years.Also, the robots look cool."
,Recommended,676820,34469314,Posted: 24 August,all,Karink,"Great experience, only wish we could learn more about the universe of the game :)"
,Recommended,676820,34466612,Posted: 24 August,all,Witchunter,"One of the best, albeit short, text adventures I have ever played. A beautiful take on the genre."
,Recommended,676820,34361528,Posted: 19 August,all,Kapura,"It's a game where you are a robot who spends the entire game riding a train talking to other robots. And it's one of the most intriguing games that I've played in *years.* Brilliant worldbuilding, aesthetics, and story telling.Half the price of a movie, similar runtime, and it advances the craft of narrative gameplay. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,676820,34361877,Posted: 19 August,all,zanginator,"A fantastic story driven narative that sucks you in without you noticing,Set in a distant (but not to far off) future where the AI sentience has been achieved. Teks, the robots of this world, are doing the jobs that humans won't but even the ones they would. However, everything is not as it seems with Teks dissappearing with no one to blame.The mystery unravels from there and you get taken on an exploration of a mystery in the making.Highly recommended with a lovely art style, great narative and wonderful music."
,Recommended,676820,34361826,Posted: 19 August,all,deadliveshot,"A perfect way to kill a couple of hours on a quiet afternoon.  Minimalist yet charming.  Well-written, intriguing, satisfying, and very relaxing.  I assumed a visual novella like this would have little or no replay value, but having completed it in my first setting, I already look forward to a second playthrough.  For fans of other Bithell titles, there is an interesting narrative tie-in to another one of the developer's earlier games that piqued my interest.  Subsurface Circular was a pleasure, and I recommend it to anyone looking for something different that can be completed in a single play session."
76561198071421648,Recommended,676820,34361339,Posted: 19 August,all,Chaf,I was finally able to fulfill my dream of playing Thomas Was Alone without all that pesky platforming.5 Rectangles out of 5.
,Recommended,676820,34361449,Posted: 19 August,all,JME,"Subsurface Circular is a text-based story game that revolves around you, in a train, for the whole game. This would sound underwhelming to a lot of people, but this game offers many experiences, and choices to be made. This is by far one of the best choice-based games that I've ever played. For me, this game gets extra points for it's concept art, music, and design. Especially from someone who is incredibly into AI, robotics, etc. I split my play through into two days, and finished in about three hours. I recommend you not rush through this game, and read and absorb as much as possible. There are a few twists and turns which make this game interesting, and I really like the way there are actual riddle/problem-solving tasks with some Teks you meet. Overall, great game. One thing that I think could be added, is a short outcome preview of the city based on what choice you make at the end of the game. Would be cool to see. For the cheap price, I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,676820,34362865,Posted: 19 August,all,Ponytail Mark,"Great art.Great story.Great twist(s).For $5-7 bucks, honestly you can't go wrong with this one."
76561198017104329,Recommended,676820,34382971,Posted: 20 August,all,MrBlonde[GER],"Very COOL and laid back kind of game with an interesting story! Very well written, thought out and executed. Hopefully they will make more like this!"
76561198005850048,Recommended,676820,34382423,Posted: 20 August,all,Incarsio,10/10 made me contemplate the morals of random robots
76561197972265837,Recommended,676820,34382598,Posted: 20 August,all,c_*****,"A neat little story game,  lovingly crafted. The story is engaging, a group of faceless robots are far more entertaining and engaging than you'd expect, and the final choice you have to make had us debating it for a while.  It doesn't have a lot of replay value, but it's not meant to, and I'd say it's priced accordingly. I'd happily play another of these."
76561198078554182,Recommended,676820,34384602,Posted: 20 August,all,keaponlaffin23,"It's a short game with a small environment that is entirely narrative driven. However, it is very absorbing and has a couple good brain bending puzzles in it, aside from some good story telling."
,Recommended,676820,34382399,Posted: 20 August,all,edlago,"An unexpected game that came without short notice but one of these surprises that make you wanting more. Mike is famous for his strong skills in narrative (Thomas was Alone/Volume) and I'm glad he did a game only focused on that so we can appreciate all the charm and awesome story he built in Subsurface. Great plot, interesting characters, beautiful graphics and everything in this game is basically a gift for us with this small price. I hope the developers find the successs this project deserves because I can't wait what this team can do together with more funding. Brilliant game and well worth your time if you enjoy text-based games."
76561197995479709,Recommended,676820,34382985,Posted: 20 August,all,Anybody owns Wii U?,Nice and short textual detective story.
,Recommended,676820,34364680,Posted: 19 August,all,Dulloyd,This game is so amazing it cured my cancer.
,Recommended,676820,34678796,Posted: 2 September,all,cravessnow,Well worth the money. Beat it in one sitting and will play again to see how things can change.
,Recommended,676820,34767304,Posted: 5 September,all,AnalogousPants5,"Mike Bithel proves himself again as a writer; balancing an intriguing plot, well-developed characters, solid worldbuilding, and a few chuckles, as one would expect from him at this point.  Subsurface Circular and its robot detective story get you involved in the complexities and politics of a future world of an automated workforce, all from the inside of one subway car.Starts as a talk-em-up, becomes an investigate-em-up, eventually segues into an ethics-em-up. Not necessarily my favorite sci-fi game of all time, but the best execution in recent memory of a game exploring some classic, hard sci-fi themes."
76561198047367518,Recommended,676820,34768187,Posted: 5 September,all,Steven1055,"Remember, remember, the fifth of November, the gunpowder treason and plot; I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot.A game about robots and chaotic ideas; a paradox really, with only 1 way to escape it. A decision. This game has minor glitches due to its' simplicity and logic-based conversation, and is predominatly a game based around philosophy(see what I mean by a paradox?)Replay value isn't the best, especially since there are only two final destinations, but it makes up for it by representing a classic idea. No spoilers.Definitely worth a try, whether at full value or on sale. 10/10"
76561198070656264,Recommended,676820,34615604,Posted: 30 August,all,Shumzi,"great game, totally worth the money if you're willing to read the compelling story that is told in the game. very interesting and thought provoking."
,Recommended,676820,34652044,Posted: 31 August,all,G4 the Robro,Good AestheticsGood MusicGood Story... albeit short.also Robots
76561198045139614,Recommended,676820,34647836,Posted: 31 August,all,TsunamiHurricane,"As long as you know what you are getting into, this is a great game. Its a text adventure with cool designs and awesome music. Well worth your time and money. I cant wait to see what they do next."
76561198031819269,Recommended,676820,34662113,Posted: 1 September,all,"Glark ""Don't Uber Me"" Cable",A fantastic little game.Explore a surprisingly deep and interesting world by attempting to get to the bottom of an engaging mystery.All while never moving from your seat.Do yourself a favour and put an evening aside for Subsirface Circular.
,Recommended,676820,34625850,Posted: 30 August,all,KeyGW,This game successfully takes a wonderful narrative story and spices it up with plot twists and a little bit of puzzle. Definitely one of the better story games I've played!
,Recommended,676820,34642009,Posted: 31 August,all,KitsuneAntifascistBurger,"Great story combined with surprising twists and wonderfully vibrant protagonists. First playthrough in one sitting, I will definitely come back to experience all the possibilities the story has to offer."
,Recommended,676820,34654799,Posted: 1 September,all,Greedo Buck,"Great story with some nice sci-fi ideas and a few good laughs.Gameplay is simple, and length is short (but the right length for what it is)."
,Recommended,676820,34785996,Posted: 6 September,all,Araol,It's six dollars for a really good book. Get it.
,Recommended,676820,35078455,Posted: 19 September,all,Vekter,A Grade-A visual novel about a mystery in a not too far off future. Cheap and short enough to be finished in one sitting. An easy recommendation to anyone.
,Recommended,676820,35036083,Posted: 17 September,all,ExcaliburJoe (Joe),"Really wonderful experience. I love that games can be things as far apart as this game and, say Zelda. Very well worth the time and it is also quite awesome to have a thoughtful and timely narrative."
,Recommended,676820,34382334,Posted: 20 August,all,Copyntoothpaste,"Do I recommend this game? Yes, and no. The gameplay is interesting, definitely unique to many of the other games I've played (not just on PC) would be an amazing VR experience. Game in its entirety is beatable on the first playthrough in around 2 hours which is extremely short. Would have have wished for multiple stories considering its length. The achievements are handed to you which I personally don't like, got 10 of them in my first run I believe which is insane. Haven't really had any issues with the game other than that."
76561198042018570,Recommended,676820,34877866,Posted: 10 September,all,Maxwell's Field Equation,Fantastic
,Recommended,676820,34871323,Posted: 10 September,all,Zeus,"This game is fantastic. Very good narrative, and allthough the game is text based (meaning all the action takes place through conversations) the graphics look fantastic and add a lot to the atmosphere of the game. Played it through two times in a row, just to experience the different reactions on the conversation possibilities. Nice! Very nice indeet!"
,Recommended,676820,34875615,Posted: 10 September,all,NRS | Wheezy,"Intriguing detective noir story wrapped in robots. Good stuff, well worth the price of admission."
76561198058469100,Recommended,676820,34919643,Posted: 13 September,all,Sgt. Pepperoni,Excellent and thought provoking.
,Recommended,676820,34963883,Posted: 14 September,all,Meganaught,"I'm rather new to the ""Text-Based"" and ""Visual Novel"" genres, but I have to admit that I really enjoyed this game. It's story was rather in-depth and felt like it was laying out an entirely new world for me to explore. The vocabulary that was used in this game far surpasses anything that I've seen in similar games. It was refreshing to read a meaningful dialogue rather than empty filler. The visual aspect of the game and the general feeling of the environment also contributed considerably to the engagement in the story. Overall, I enjoyed this game, and highly recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,676820,35012533,Posted: 16 September,all,Veggieleezy,"I went into this game expecting a nice little couple-hours-long interactive visual novel, and completely got my money's worth. Mike Bithell puts his characteristic sense of humor and definition into the writing, making each character and their role feel unique and important. I genuinely found myself curious about the story involved, and about halfway through my mind was blown by a connection I hadn't even put together, and I felt so good about this game's existence that I tabbed out to write this review.Definitely worth the asking price in my opinion, or if you would rather wait for a sale by all means. But if you enjoy Mike Bithell, you will enjoy this game."
76561198308142549,Recommended,676820,35021531,Posted: 17 September,all,francesco.pratolongo,"Master of minimalism Mike Bithell is back with this text-based adventure, short in length but not poor of style.A lovely tribute to Asimov's sci-fi thrillers, surely an entertaining game.Hope that Bithell will release more short games like this one soon!"
,Recommended,676820,35042176,Posted: 18 September,all,Duck,"This game, although kind of short, is a very thought provoking look into the future of robot-human relations. Very much worth the price, but it is a one-off, so expect to finish it in one sitting and never touch the game again."
,Recommended,676820,35037231,Posted: 17 September,all,Umashi,"This is not the type of game I would normally purchase. I enjoy mechanically intensive games almost exclusively. I purchased this game on a whim and am very happy I did so. The game took me about an hour and forty minutes to complete but it felt like no time at all. The game is engaging, the story is deep, and it touches on so many aspects of culture and society.It's a game that entirely features robots, and you never leave where you are. Despite this, the game manages to discuss immigration, racism, slavery, human (and non-human) rights, and so much more. The game does not tell you what to think of these issues, rather it presents you with a society that contains these issues and lets you make of it what you will.I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone and everyone. It will surprise you and leave you satisfied in so many ways."
76561198404634600,Recommended,676820,35095490,Posted: 20 September,all,BluLantern,"Absolutely love I just love how well the story was written, the memorable characters, and all the choices you can make. The final chapter is what got me the most, no spoilers, but you make a very important choice. The UI is simple and easy to use, certain mechanics are amazing, especially in chapter 6, various dialogue options had me crack a smile and laugh. I just love how intelligent the game is, its not for most, but a select few. My final point is the just how much I could tell that the game devs cared about what they were making, there was heart. My one point of Critiscm is how the game is just too short. I LIKE WHAT IVE SEEN AND I WANT MORE!!!But all in all, Thank you Bithell Games, youve made a quality game, I could see you guys cared, and I dont see that often and thank you, for my favorite game Ive seen in 2017."
76561198067984485,Recommended,676820,35097807,Posted: 20 September,all,stuff ur face,The Thomas Was Alone joke got me goodEnd of the game had me thinking of the meaning of life
,Recommended,676820,35110321,Posted: 21 September,all,TheKarpuk,"This is the exact kind of game I'm down with playing these days: Cheap, thoughtful, and relatively short in a way that suggests they didn't feel the need to pad out the length with reiterations of the same gameplay concepts.In some ways, it's the opposite of Bithell's earlier work, Thomas Was Alone, since this game has almost no voicework, but also uses conversation as a mechanic, something the player had no control over in the TWA.Games like this live or die on the strength of the writing, and Subsurface Circular succeeds remarkably well on this front. There wasn't a single conversation I found tedious, every character revealed some new aspect of this future robot culture. It seems to follow the basic concept that if a mechanic or a concept doesn't advance the story or provide something interesting, just cut it out.I would love it if people like Bithell kept putting out these sort of games, it's a satisfying use of my time."
,Recommended,676820,35247537,Posted: 27 September,all,Balderk,"A nice little story, wrapped up in about 2h30min.Another hour if you care for the dev commentary or want to exhaust the ""listener""s discussion trees.Gameplay is pretty simple (select discussion paths), and there's a couple of puzzles to solve along the way (there's a ""hint"" button in case you're stuck on a puzzle, didn't try it though).The story itself explores some pretty conventional ""robot future"" possibilities, but it's the way you uncover the world by talking to the passengers, without ever leaving the train, which gives it its charm. There's some interesting, tought-provoking decisions to take towards the ends, with a good ending that wrap itself up nicely."
76561198160433325,Recommended,676820,35350310,Posted: 30 September,all,StolenMadWolf,"Subsurface Circular is a small game that can only really be given a short review. But luckily, the game still makes a fresh change of pace from most games on the market. As a visual novel or rather, text based adventure, it certainly delivers.You play as a Tek Dectective, a smart robot on the underground train on the Subsurface Circular line of a city. You are soon brought into an investigation to try and discover a truth.I won't spoil you on the details, but it is a facinating and thoughtful story which makes you stop and think about what is actually happening in the world this game portrays, with little mentions of the other works the devolopers made, leading to a decision which you will be struggling to make a decision on.As you play through the game, you will find yourself solving puzzles which may prove tricky at first, but there is normally a logical and clever way of sorting them out, making them very rewarding to do.Now, the game is short, and is meant to be played in a single sitting. But I do believe that you will get your moneys worth. Now, if you don't like text based adventures or visual novels, then don't get this game. But for those who want something a little bit different or like such games, you will certainly enjoy this one."
76561198015817971,Recommended,676820,35147800,Posted: 23 September,all,pietrik313,"Great game. It's basically a text adventure with a nice art style. The story it tells is good and while it's short with ~2 hours, it doesn't outstay it's welcome. And with a developers commentary you can play trough it again to get more out of it."
,Recommended,676820,35215247,Posted: 25 September,all,Helladope Madfresh,"Absolutely, fully enjoyed it."
76561197970879397,Recommended,676820,35208957,Posted: 25 September,all,Greven,"Great atmosphere and an interesting story. A couple of places I felt that I was forced to follow a given path in the conversation, but nothing that broke the experience."
,Recommended,676820,35478622,Posted: 4 October,all,Taylem,"This is a very simple game far as game-play as it is all dialogue driven. But, don't let that fool you. It is a very intelligent game, where the player is pulled into a conspiracy that is bigger than they could imagine; all from the seat of a subway.The music is simple, yet elegant and fits the theme very well ...The graphics, again; clean and polished yet not overdone with unneeded eye candy. Perfect for robots sitting in a subway car engaging in conversation.The game is a bit existential and maybe even a bit political as some dialogue touches on subjects of ""doing jobs other won't"", ""racism"", etc. While none of this was overly preachy nor too slanted towards one ideology or the other; there is an overall feeling of a more liberal approach to it. Just to be honest. But, this does not affect the game's choices nor is the protagonist just a droning puppet to make a political point.This is a very short game. But the engaging story is worth the price- especially for deep-thinking players."
,Recommended,676820,35470662,Posted: 4 October,all,Ziberian,"This was the first ""text-based"" game I tried/played, I was hesitant back then because of the lack of other elements (sounds, visuals etc.). In this game the sounds and visuals are really great + ofc the most important: the story is pretty good as well."
