user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,681330,34440919,Posted: 23 August,all,pinback,"A remarkably unique take on the space trading genre, Helium Rain is doing Early Access right.  You'll find bugs, typos, all the old favorites, but the developers are extremely receptive (they even have their own Redmine server you can log and track bugs in) and quick to turnaround fixes and enhancement.Past the Early Access considerations, you're left with a very compact, but utterly hypnotic space trading/combat game.  ""Compact"" because HR eschews the current trend of ""fifteen trillion stars!"" for just a handful of planets and sectors, but those planets and sectors are never without plenty to do, from running simple courier missions to building space stations, developing a trade fleet, commanding an economic empire.  Fly one ship while the rest of your fleet is own doing your bidding (and hopefully making some money while they're at it.)  For me it's almost reminiscent of something like Euro Truck Simulator 2 in that regard.  Except in space.  And with guns.On the surface, look at the screenshots.  The washed out, high-contrast colors and dreamlike music confer one of the most ""chill"" space games I can remember.  The clean UI is occasionally fiddly, occasionally brilliant, and while it might look a bit too much like your cable box UI, it does the job and continues to improve.Even this early, I find it one of the more compelling space games in my library.  And unlike some games that provide an entire galaxy but leave you wondering what to do next, more than once I've forgotten what I'd planned to do because something else more interesting came up, and then forgot I was doing THAT because something even more interesting than that came up.  Even while you're blissing out to the celestial look and feel, you'll never be bored.If any of this sounds good to you, and you don't mind the vagaries of Early Access, I'd say, hit that Buy button immediately."
76561197971039937,Recommended,681330,34478595,Posted: 25 August,all,kbennett_thetoad,"HAVING PLAYED MORE SPACE COBAT/TRADING GAMES THAN I CARE TO MENTION SINCE THE MID 80's STARTING WITH THE ORGINAL ""ELITE"", NOW AT JUST OVER 70yr OF AGE I FEEL QUALIFIED TO PASS MY OPINION.HELIUM RAIN IS A DIAMOND IN THE MAKING, AS WITH ALL DIAMONDS IT DOES NEED A LITTLE POLISH, BEEN PLAYING ABOUT 6hr. AND HAVE GOT USE TO THE INTERFACE AND SHIP MOVMENT, THE NEWTONION MOVEMENT IS A JOY AND THE CHALLENGE OF DOCKING IS GREAT [ DONT BOTH WITH DOCKING COMPUTER IT WOULD SPOIL THE FUN ] ONLY CRASHES I'VE HAD WAS WITH THE KEYBOARD COMMANDS INTERFACE, TRY TO CHANGE THINGS TO MUCH AND IT GET CONFUSED AND CRASHES.  I FEEL THE GAME CAN ONLY GET BETTER.  ONLY THING THAT'S IS A LITTLE FRUSTRAING IS THE SMALL WHITE RETICLE, IT COULD BE BIGGER AND COLOURED.THE DEV'S SEEM KEEN TO IMPLIMENT IMPROVEMENTS, PREHAP THEY WILL MAKE AN OLD MAN EVEN HAPPIER.KBTHETOAD"
76561197984742329,Recommended,681330,34369311,Posted: 20 August,all,Rhofasul,"Great game so far. I only scratched to surface of its features but for now here are some pros/cons and I'll probably update this in time:Pro:- Really motivated developer: Quick response to issues(bugs) opened in their bug tracker- Quite a lot of tutorial contracts which will introduce features step-by-step without forcing the player to actually completethem- Very stable game- Dynamic economyCons:- Minor con: It is playable at 4k resolution, but some menus will get quite small, so I would advice to play in 2560x1440 for nowFixed with the latest patch :)"
76561197970806666,Recommended,681330,34420160,Posted: 22 August,all,Window Licker,"This game is a lovely take on a dieing breed.So, I just did something that I never do. I stopped in the middle of my game to write this review because I honestly want to support this developer.I'm not one for writing long reviews that outline every detail. However, if you are a fan of the X series or Avorion for the empire building/economical side of things, but also appreciate being able to get a hands on experience this game is for you.The developer is extremely active.The UI is extremely clean and functional after you get a feel for it.I hope to see a lot of support for this game, because it's scratching an itch that's been left from the earlier X games.(Disclaimer: I know I mention the X series here a lot, and that's because this game has a very similar feel. It IS a different game, and it's at a stage where the dev could take it any direction. That excites me with the possibilities for this game's future.)"
76561198061974601,Recommended,681330,34451785,Posted: 23 August,all,[LINUX] facePlanted,"Stable engine with nice graphics and which supports high DPI and high refresh rate (120Hz with vsync in my case).Nice music and nice tutorial / progression.I've seen maybe 30% of the game and I like it _very_ much, I like the gameplay in general, the trading mechanics, the fleet automation (with commercial routes) and got a taste of combats.It's a dream coming true to finally have a promising Elite / Frontier successor, with cool devs and thank you so much for supporting Linux.Much better than the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s team of Elite Dangerous."
76561198062259956,Recommended,681330,34566422,Posted: 28 August,all,amst,"I have been looking for a game that recaptures the magic of X3 for a long time. It is rare to find a space sim that has the same ethos as X3: your goal is to build an empire, and you build fleets to protect that empire, rather than the more common philosophy of ""it's fun to blow stuff up, so that's the main goal"". But the devs are well on their way to delivering this, even though the game is VERY early access. I'm really quite surprised at how much there is since it was released (in EA) like a week ago. I really, really hope they continue to develop this game. So if you like space trading sims, it is playable as is but will no doubt get better and better. Probably its biggest advantage over X3 is a pretty sane interface.The rest of my review is notes and suggestions to the devs:- The number of sectors is just too small for a long-running game. It is nice to start, though.- More goods, more stations, more ship types, and more weapon types are needed. I'm sure these are all forthcoming, although the current content is great for the current stage of development.- I haven't done any combat yet although I couldn't easily find commands for a military fleet to ""patrol this sector"" (with all my stations) and so on. There is apparently no need or purpose to build a military fleet to protect my traders from pirates etc. I'm pretty nervous to try combat actually, as to do that I'd have to declare war, and there is apparently no ""revert to save"" option. (EDIT: I was right about ""no revert to save"" being a problem, because once you get into a war with one company, you'll shortly find yourself in a war with everyone...but wrong about the ""no combat ships needed"", as it turns out)- If research is supposed to be a key part of the game, there needs to be a lot more to research. In particular, (more) ship upgrades, tiers of ships/weapons, and so on.- Contracts do not seem to scale with reputation, ship capabilities (other than military), or anything else. So later game, contracts become useless and too small to bother with really. (EDIT: I think it does scale with the needs of the factories, so that as NPC factories level up, contracts get bigger. If so, scratch this one).- Not sure about how I feel about the ""you have to discover new sectors via VIP or telescope"" mechanic. Seems a bit contrived.- The diplomacy system seems underdeveloped, at least at this point in my playing. I'm not sure why it benefits you to curry favor or hurts you to lose it (as long as you lose favor with less powerful corps).- No incentive for exploration. I'm all about the trading sim obviously, but it would be nice to have more things to do while you wait for your factories and trading fleets to make you obscenely wealthy.- It hurts me to say this because I fear it will get nerfed, but the Atlas seems overpowered to me. Basically the cost difference between bad and awesome ships is too small IMO.- I built a habitat thinking it would make me credits from taxes or something, but it seemingly consumes resources for no reason. Is there some benefit to population?- Sometimes I am in the middle of autodocking and it cancels for no apparent reason. It may be because I frequently ALT-TAB (or the Linux equivalent) out of the game while I'm waiting to dock. Speaking of autodocking, it should just be built-in, not researchable. Manual docking at the beginning is annoying as balls, and it was the first thing I researched anyway.- I think instead of in-game tutorials, at least for the intermediate concepts, like making a trade fleet, there should be an in-game wiki or something. I got halfway through ""making a trade fleet"" and then forgot how to do the first few steps of it.- Oh, BTW, thanks for Linux support. I only buy Linux games so this expanded your audience by at least 1.- Are there audio settings? I'd like to disable the music sometimes (EDIT: found it, didn't look hard enough, wasn't in an Audio menu but just general settings).In general, I'm so excited about this game and wish I could give you more money, if I knew it would result in more development. Very good work so far."
,Recommended,681330,34466744,Posted: 24 August,all,Uriopass,"Good gameplay, good graphics, good game.In Helium Rain you never get bored, you always have a new route to make, a new contract to fill, a new station to build. And whatever you do, the world reacts to it. If you destroy an iron mining station, less iron will be available and the price will go up. Local actions have global consequences.Usually I'm not into theses type of game, but HR does it well, with detailed tutorials and a smooth learning curve. You are not thrown alone in an unkown universe, with gazillions of stars and nothing to do.Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,681330,34596391,Posted: 29 August,all,sthowe1,"I really like this game so far, here's why:This is the biggest one for me: it's fun immediately. There's some complexity here but it lacks the vertical learning curve of X3 or Evochron. Piloting is fun and doesn't take long to get used to. Mouse look, WASD, QE to roll, and Shift/Ctrl for strafing up and down. It doesn't need to hide anything behind obtuse mechanics, the whole feel is streamlined and efficient.Never thought I'd say this, but manually docking is...really enjoyable. This game makes me feel like Riker inEncounter at Farpointevery time, I love it!Intuitive GUI, pretty colors. It got easy to fly through the menus after just a few contracts.The graphics are cool and look good, yet it runs smoothly on my potato laptop.The contract system is great. One of the things I dislike about some other space trader games is having to keep track of prices for all the wares to try to get the best deal. Some require pen and paper...Contracts do away with that, you accept one or three and make the money upon completion. There are certain restrictions like you can't be at war with the destination, but there doesn't seem to be a time limit for completion.The scenery...love the look of this game with the cool temperature palette and fresh hardware designs and I have never played a game that looks like this before. The lighting is stark and well done.Anyway, I'm still rocking a single ship in the first solar system so there's tons left to see like fleets and empire building, but right now it's looking pretty good."
,Recommended,681330,34381989,Posted: 20 August,all,Sarstan,"This game is early access. That's something to keep in mind.I've encountered a couple of very minor bugs, none of which interrupt the game. It runs stable, great frame rate, and haven't had a crash at all. Which can't be said for a lot of other games in early development on Steam (and in full release too).The game itself feels like the X series with Elite and mildly inspired Kerbal Space Program. The physics make it interesting and while at first I was concerned it would be a chore to fly around with the momentum, the game is good about adjusting to your controls and where your mouse is pointing (or where you adjust your view if you use a gamepad).The game does feel sparsely populated and stations are relatively close together. I haven't played very long (4 hours in), but there doesn't feel like much reason to explore just yet. On the other hand I'm still doing tutorial contracts and understanding the game, so there might be a lot that opens up. There appears to be a story/plot that you can follow, but seems to be ultimately an optional contract to start.Trading works like you would expect. Stations require specific resources. Some produce specific resources. You purchase the products and sell them to places that have them in demand. One unique aspect in the game is a live economy. It's a welcome aspect that causes natural changes in prices and I look forward to using this to my advantage as I progress in the game.While the interface seems relatively bland and light, it works very well. The docking information is very helpful in lining up your ship and feels satisfying to have the magnetic bonding occur when you get close. Finding the right information in the menus is a bit of an issue. It feels cumbersome to look up where locations are, how long it'll take to fly there, then enter another menu to look up economic information. On one hand I'd hate it if it made it extremely clear since half the fun of a game like this is finding a trade route, not just having it handed to you. On the other, I'd like to see this design improved in the future. As you start to get additional ships, this sort of management process is more crucial. However there is an option to make trade routes that I assume send your other ships out to do the route automated. If that's the case, then there isn't much issue once they go on their merry way.Ultimatly I'm happy with this game at this price point. The game feels light on polish and interface, but feels relatively solid in features and content. I'm hoping to see a wider variety of locations, ships, equipment, and items to move in the future, but there's a lot of potential here and the developers are very active on Reddit and on their own forum. This is cleary a work of love, not for a quick buck."
,Recommended,681330,34335799,Posted: 18 August,all,Nanosmo,"Enjoying the Game so far.If you enjoy buying and selling, traveling the stars, building things and trying to find the best trade route this game is a great addition.Once I get further in I'll update my review!"
,Recommended,681330,34447642,Posted: 23 August,all,linuxpunk,"Interesting space sim/space trade game.I like that the setting is much more sci-fi than other space sims that fall more into space-fantasy (X3 or X Rebirth). Graphics are up to standards and controlling your ship is hard, as the game strives to have realistic physics (so you got inertia and no friction, your spacecraft won't slow down until you hit the backburners).I appreciate the Linux supportI'll update this review later, but so far, it gets a thumbs up from me."
76561198355421793,Recommended,681330,34764016,Posted: 5 September,all,Shinigami,"A good game, pretty much like the X series, but more dynamic / less tedious.Also very responsive developers, I have posted a bug to the issue tracker and it was fixed in like 1 day."
,Recommended,681330,34721723,Posted: 3 September,all,Dhuran,"This game nails the lonely deep space colony feel 100% with the graphics, art and music. The UI is clean, functional and I also found it intuitive so far.Gameplay-wise, it seems very similar to a cleaned up X3. I attribute a lot of that cleaner feel to the way the game handles trading and travel. There are no gates, and transfering to different orbits takes days, but days can be fast forwarded through. Days also act as turns for resolving automated trade activities and constructions (and other events during war or metorite intercepts).The combat was responsive and fun. It seems like it can be easy to disable parts of ships, but destroying them takes a lot more. This turns out to be a good thing since the combat ends when ships are disabled rather than destroyed. So even if you loose a fight, you likely will only need to pay to repair your drifting damaged ships instead of having to construct entirely new ones. I haven't tried combat using larger ships yet.Definately can recommend this one. The developers are also very active, listen to observations/suggestions, and are willing to discuss them. In some cases they have implemented suggestions very quickly. The game already feels mostly finished and it runs great (no stuttering/performance issues, and no crashes)."
,Recommended,681330,34719940,Posted: 3 September,all,DeepOne,"A love at first sight for any X-series fan.First impressions after 3h:- wow, for an early access title it's amazingly stable!- nice graphics and a well-thought-out UI--> the game is being built around a very solid, already functioning technical basis- non-scripted economics model- own stations, production chains, trade routes--> how long I've been waiting for all that!- regular updates with significant improvements and adjustments- features and ideas are being proactively discussed with the community--> EA done rightAll in all, Helium Rain is very well playable and worth the $15 even now.With the potential of turning into a truly unique gem."
76561197982167072,Recommended,681330,34625189,Posted: 30 August,all,CuddleMuffin,"Was going to write a review about how this game is everything I like about the X series and more, but looks like everyone else already noticed! Definitely worth a buy!"
,Recommended,681330,34801696,Posted: 7 September,all,Praise The Memes,"After having played it for about 7 hours as of making this post and having reached late-game content I think I can now comment on the games Pros and Cons in my own oppinion.Pros:Beautiful art design - Whether it be stylized stations and ships reminiscent of the early years of Sci Fi, or the rings of a Gas Giant cutting through the sky, the game is simply beautiful and eyecandy in some areas.Gameplay similar to the X Series - It is hard not to compare it to the likes of X3: Albion Prelude. A smaller, more refined attempt rather than featuring dozens of specific zones to explore and trade in. It is sadly more simplified though, where sending ships to automatically trade instead makes them sell to all stations within a Sector who are willing to buy, instead of setting a single station to manually trade with. But it adds its own level of complexity to ship systems. You can disable engines, weapons, power. You don't need to destroy a ship to win the fight. Movement feels good, combat feels good. There's not much more to say here. Its good.The AI: If any of us have played the X games then we should all know the AI is terrible in those. I've been pleasantly surprised by Helium Rains AI pathways. Auto-Docking is cleaner than i ever could have thought possible. Though bugs do persist that requires me to manually dock sometimes.Responsive Developers - As far as I have seen the development team appear responsive to suggestions and tweaks. It is always nice to see an Early Access game that is cared for publicly.Cons:Exploration - Rather than going through Warp Gates to reach zones, you instead 'Fast Forward' after selecting a spot orbiting one of the four planetoids in the Menu. It can feel as though it is removing you from the flow of the game as days pass by in-game before you reach your destination but for you it is merely 1 second per day. It feels too much like teleportation since you can do it from any area to any discovered zone. It takes seconds to reach the other side of colonized space, causing this sensation of disconnection with events in-game.The Menus - Though the UI is certainly well designed and easy to navigate, half of your time will be spent inside of it. This also suffers from taking you out of the perspective of the Universe. The game feels almost half like an Information terminal sometimes. Watch gameplay of Helium Rain and you will see a Window taking up the entire screen with text more often than you would think. Not a con if you like this terminal-focussed gameplay, but for me it can become frustrating not knowing whats going on around me while im inside of it. (The game continues in real-time when you open it up)Star System design - The trailer and screenshots shown tend to focus on the handful of Zones that genuinely look breathtaking. But these are far and in-between. Most of the regions you will explore look barren, with only the odd few asteroids to give aesthetics. Along with this, these systems tend to have the Stations clumped together in close clusters. Giving the impression that these were rushed into creation to get the economy up and running first, aesthetics later.Factions: Each Company in the game has a monopoly on their chosen industry. You are the new comer, someone who can choose which industry to focus on and act competitively against one of the Dominant Corporations. There exists a reputation system, which I tend to love in Video Games. But I dont feel it is handled well in Helium Rain. There are no set rivals for each company, aside from Pirates. I haven't waged war yet to see if it affects reputation, but I feel it is a large miss for reputation to not be dynamic. If you want to be cosy with one faction then another should totally begin to hate you for it.  You could go the entire game being neutral to all and friendly with some and face no consequences. But that's just my opinion. I liked how Freelancer handled it is all. You simply couldn't be neutral with everyone at once, someone will always hate your guts, which kept things dynamic.Economy - Speaking of the Economy, it leaves much to be desired in its current state. I have found simply saving up for a large transport and then buying a full cargo of water and parking it in a Sector that consumes the most of it for trading can make the entire purpose behind the games ability to buy stations and wage wars completely mute. With 2k a day in profits, you can simply click the Fast-Forward button and leave it at that. Gaining a hundred thousand within 50 seconds. You simply do not need to do anything else to make money. And if you really wanted to abuse the economy, you could repeat this step by buying more transports and selling resources where they are most consumed over time, your supplies will always be bought first so there's no need to worry about the AI selling them before you. The game has a very unbalanced economy and the existence of a fast forward mechanic seems to work against the premise of doing missions and undercutting your competition as you will simply only be doing them for the early game. It is just not worth doing anything other than sitting through the fast forward process because the Time Wasted versus Profits Gained ratio is so far out of scale that its just more beneficial to just not bother at all. Building stations in fact act more as a drain to your income than an actual benefit.Conclusion:All in all the game is still early in development and these are issues that can and likely will be fixed given enough time. I'd completely recommend the game in its current state as long as you enter into it with a refusal to abuse the economy and take all the fun out of it. This game is of a dying breed and has high potential, I look forward to future updates."
,Recommended,681330,34346394,Posted: 19 August,all,oxygen,"I played it for about half an hour and it's already getting annoying. The docking mechanic is very unreliable, half of the time instead of the ship docking (all approach parameters are fine) i end up on the other side of the station or half inside it. Also the game misses UI scaling which makes it impossible to play at 4K resolution.Edit: The missing UI Scaling for high DPI monitors was added just a day after i wrote the inital review. Props to the developer. Docking is still unreliable but i guess i live with it for now. I'd like change my review to neutral, but as that's possible it's thumbs up for now."
76561197993682888,Recommended,681330,34372158,Posted: 20 August,all,KIng in yellow,A cool little space simulator with newtonian physics and open source engine to boot.The game in it's current form is a solid foundation that hopefully will grow to be something truly special.
,Recommended,681330,34979025,Posted: 15 September,all,Malakie,"Good flight model, game play is smooth..  Looking forward to seeing where the DEV takes this game!  Right now, I would defnitely recommend supporting it!One note:  DEV needs to add HOTAS controller support.. and later, Tobii 4c support too!"
,Recommended,681330,34535651,Posted: 27 August,all,The Enclave,Entertaining trade based space sim with a dynamic economy. Reminds me of ETS2 and X3 ina a good way. Havent got to combat yet but have seen other factions fighting over sectors and it looks good.
,Recommended,681330,34547626,Posted: 28 August,all,s|k,"I very much enjoy playing this game. The economy bits are really fun. I like figuring out where I can create a trade route to make more money. I like having to solve problems I run into. The game has a very authentic space colony feel. Like if there were space colonies in the next 100-200 years they'd probably would be just like this.My favorite latest thing is the ship switching. I can switch to the freigthers in my fleet and individually tell them to autodock, and then switch to my fighters and see all my ships doing what I want them to, and then sometimes you see one of your other fleets enter the sector while you're doing all this and it's just a super cool thing. Especially realizing that you only start off with one ship, and you build this big empire in a cool space colony."
76561198000532039,Recommended,681330,34491435,Posted: 25 August,all,Ikaruga,An excellent space sim made by big fans of X3 ! Still Early Access but already has a huge potential !
,Recommended,681330,34566102,Posted: 28 August,all,FG9K Moist Pancakes,>be me>buys this game at 11 am in the morning>plays for an hour or so>mom tells me to go to bed early because i have to wake up at 6 the next day for practice>checks watch>9 pm>                       o h
,Recommended,681330,34513758,Posted: 26 August,all,LoAF,I think this is what X-Rebirth was supposd to be like.... GET IT. Its amazeballs.
76561198047826057,Recommended,681330,35243548,Posted: 27 September,all,CHOPPER,Love it
,Recommended,681330,34723069,Posted: 3 September,all,THE SHARK,itsagoodagame
76561198083791157,Recommended,681330,34340303,Posted: 18 August,all,Lil Mayo,The game play's like Tungusta forest OG laced with a bit of the Grand Teacher man.
