user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198031665431,Recommended,687260,34805438,Posted: 7 September,all,So Say We All,"I took a chance on this game because I like Visual Novels, crime dramas and story driven games. Boy was I not disapointed.Unlike most VN's, this game isn't just all static and plain backgrounds with motionless sprites. Aside from also being a side scroller and point and click mystery ""who-done-it"", there is also some animation added at certain points that play out much like an animated tv show (anime, if you will) and during dialogues, the characters bodies move slightly and blink their eyes, giving a sense of immersion that you normally don't get from a stereotypical VN. It's the little details that count.Basically the story revolves around the main character, Detective Ayami Ito, who is investigating a hostage case from a few months earlier. Without giving too much away,you're partner and love interest gets caught in a similar stance and things go horribly wrong. Stripped of your rank and police resources, you then spend the remainder of the game ""investigating"" what happened, leading you down a rabbit hole into the darkest places of the Tokyo nightlife, from back ally crime syndicates to ancient myths to suicidal cults, you have to make decisions on how to approach the witnesses and get the info you need to move on. Whether you take your meds and emerge as an uncorruptable beacon of hope, or a paranoid, nerotic, self-hating mess is up to you.The game isn't terribly long, took me about 6 hours to complete one play through, but there are multiple paths to help keep it from being too redundant. This is one game I won't soon forget."
,Recommended,687260,34947335,Posted: 14 September,all,DINNYFORST,"I spit non-spoiled review into two section (English and Thai language)การรีวิวไม่สปอยล์นี้แบ่งออกเป็นสองภาษา (อังกฤษ – ไทย)---------------[English]---------------Tokyo Dark is side-scrolling adventure game developed by Cheerymochi in 2015 Kickstarter project. The game represents combination of story-driven visual novel style and choice-based element, setting in deep dark corners of Tokyo.You play as detective Ayami Ito, searching for her missing partner, and uncover the truth of Tokyo urban legend. The story pacing is well done, intrigues player with clear goal, but tricks you with psychological elements. The dialogues are well-written and natural; some are related to philosophy and mythology as supporting elements.The art style is totally optional; it is what I expect from Kickstarter. Each scene has own quality soundtrack that capture the feeling and atmosphere expect very few unpolished background. The game also includes few animated sequence from Graphinica (Production Company behind series such as Hellsing, Long Live!), which it might be reason of release price.In term of gameplay, you progress the story by searching clues in area and asking various NPCs for information. Gathering information sometimes requires puzzle solving, but it is not particular hard and allows multiple approaches.Ito’s mental state represents in S.P.I.N features (Sanity, Professionalism, Investigation, and Neurosis). Most of every decision does matter, it has own consequence that affect some of her S.P.I.N stats which can lead to her different perspective, choice, and endings. It reminds me old mechanics from various crime games and well implement into VN style.However, I feel like S.P.I.N system is easily manageable and doesn’t emphasize player awareness due to less punishment. The game design introduces the importance of choice by disable save-load system on your first playthrough and enables broken memory features to let players experience different choices. It’s quite smart design that supports repeatability although there are only six slots. The game also has startup issues and game-breaking bug on release which they are fixed in latest patch, but still remain some UI display issues.Overall, Tokyo Dark is quite short experience (4-6 hours for first playthrough), but fill with interesting gameplay, well-written psychological storyline, and strong dark atmosphere. If you interest in this kind of genre, Tokyo Dark is great choice to try.---------------[ภาษาไทย]---------------Tokyo Dark เป็นเกมแนวผจญภัยมุมมองด้านข้างพัฒนาโดยสตูดิโอ Cheerymochi จากโปรเจคระดมทุนปี 2015 ตัวเกมนำเสนอส่วนผสมระหว่างนิยายภาพและระบบตัวเลือกท่ามกลางบรรยาากศอันดำมืดของมหานครโตเกียวคุณจะได้สวมบทบาทเป็นนักสืบ อายามิ อิโตะ ออกตามหาคู่หูของเธอซึ่งหายตัวไป และเปิดเผยความจริงของตำนานเมือง Tokyo Dark มีจังหวะการดำเนินเรื่องที่ดี ชัดเจน แต่แทรกลูกเล่นเชิงจิตวิทยาในระหว่างการดำเนินเรื่อง บทสนทนาระหว่างตัวละครที่เขียนออกมาเป็นธรรมชาติ หลากอารมรณ์ตั้งแต่ จริงจัง ชวนขบขัน ความรู้สึกภายในของตัวละครนั้นๆ บางครั้งยังแฝงไปด้วยหลักปรัชญาของชีวิตและตำนานปรัมปราที่เสริมน้ำหนักของเรื่องราวในส่วนของงานศิลป์ตัวละครและพื้นหลังมีคุณภาพ แม้ว่าจะมีบางส่วนของพื้นหลังที่ดูแข็งทื่อไปบ้าง แต่ล่ะฉากมีเอฟเฟกต์และเพลงประกอบเสริมบรรยากาศออกมาได้อย่างน่าประทับใจ รวมทั้งฉากอนิเมชั่นจากบริษัท Graphinica (มีผลงานเบื้องหลังอนิเมะชื่อดังอย่าง Hellsing, Long Live!) และอาจเป็นเหตุผลของราคาตัวเกมที่สูงกว่าปกติTokyo Dark มีระบบการเล่นที่เรียบง่าย ผู้เล่นดำเนินเรื่องผ่านการรวบรวมเบาะแสภายในฉากและการปฏิสัมพันธ์กับ NPC ข้อมูลสำคัญบางจุดจะผ่านการแก้ปริศนา โดยตัวละครสื่อวิธีออกมาเป็นนัย และบางปริศนาสามารถแก้ด้วยหลากวิธีนอกจากนั้นอีโตะยังมีสถานะของสภาพจิตใจที่เรียกว่า S.P.I.N (ขับเคลื่อนด้วยตัวแปร 4 ประการ ภาวะจิต, ความเป็นมืออาชีพ, การสืบสวน, สภาพประสาท) เกือบทุกๆ การกระทำของผู้เล่นจะส่งผลถึงค่าต่างๆ มากน้อยตามสถานการณ์ และยังส่งผลถึงฉากจบของเรื่องราว ระบบดังกล่าวเป็นกลไลที่เคยใช้ในเกมแนวสืบสวน และ Tokyo Dark ก็สามารถปรับใช้ให้เข้ากับธีมของตัวเกมได้อย่างดีอย่างไรก็ตาม ระบบ S.P.I.N ค่อนข้างจัดการได้ง่าย แม้ว่าจะมีบางสถาณการณ์ที่ไม่สามารถหลีกเลี่ยงการเปลี่ยนแปลงค่าได้ ค่า S.P.I.N ควรมีผลในเชิงรูปธรรมปัจจุบันนี้ มากกว่าเป็นเพียงตัวแปรที่ส่งผลต่อฉากจบหรือบางบทสนทนา ตัวเกมยังไม่อนุญาตให้มีการใช้ระบบรีโหลด-เซฟเหมือนนิยายภาพทั่วไปในการเล่นครั้งแรก ผมมองว่าเป็นการออกแบบที่สอนให้ผู้เล่นรู้จักความสำคัญของแต่ล่ะการกระทำ และเรียกร้องการเล่นซ้ำสูงเพื่อค้นพบฉากจบทั้ง 11 แบบ ในเวลาเดียวกัน ผู้เล่นบางท่านอาจจะรู้สึกถูกบังคับและจำนวนเซฟสล็อตที่มีเพียง 6 ช่องอาจจะไม่เพียงพอที่จะครอบคลุมทุกฉากจบ ตัวเกมมีปัญหาทางเทคนิคในการจำหน่ายวันแรก เช่น ปัญหาการเริ่มเกม และบัคที่ไม่สามารถดำเนินเรื่องต่อได้ ซึ่งต่อมาได้รับการแก้ไขแต่ก็ยังมีปัญหาด้าน UI เล็กน้อย เช่น การแสดงผล ไอคอนที่กลืนกับฉากพื้นหลังเป็นต้นแม้จะมีปัญหาบางส่วนและระบบที่สามารถแสดงศักยภาพได้มากกว่านี้ Tokyo Dark กลับมอบประสบการณ์อันน่าประทับใจ (ใช้เวลาเฉลี่ย 4-6 ชั่วโมงในการเล่นครั้งแรก) ด้วยส่วนผสมการเล่นอันลงตัว เรื่องราวชวนติดตาม และการนำเสนอบรรยากาศโตเกียวในอีกแง่มุม หากคุณเป็นคนที่หลงใหลแนวสืบสวนลึกลับเชิงจิตวิทยา Tokyo Dark เป็นหนึ่งในตัวเลือกที่คุณไม่ควรพลาด"
,Not Recommended,687260,34869320,Posted: 10 September,all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","Tokyo Dark looks interesting, but it doesn't go much further than that. The storyline is essentially just a mash-up of various Japanese horror tropes like they were trying to check as many boxes as they could, and it all comes together to form a plot that basically never manages to surprise you. It's advertised as a mix of point-and-click adventure and visual novel, but in reality it's basically just a visual novel that also lets you walk around. There's a grand total of a single puzzle that amounts to clicking on flickering lights in order, and occasionally you get the choice of either skipping a 'puzzle' by shooting something or taking a few steps to the left to click on something else to solve it a different way.The game presents itself as being similar to Telltale's choice-based adventure games, and you have a 4-way stat system for Sanity, Professionalism, Investigation, and Neurosis, but neither of these matter much in practice. Most of the time the game is too scared to punish you for any of the minor choices, and in my two playthroughs so far the stats haven't made any visible difference at all. The game has 11 endings, but the replay feature barely works so it's hard to justify trying to get all of them - you only get the ability to manually save after your first playthrough, but you're limited to 6 save slots and can only save at predetermined points in the story, and some of these spots are poorly placed so that you have to scroll through several minutes of text to get back to them. There is a skip function, but it's just as broken, and half the time it won't let you skip text you've already read while other times itwilllet you skip text youhaven'tread before. I only got what seems to be the two ""main"" endings, but I really don't care enough to go back and look for the other 9.It isn't an awful game, but I think it's at least overpriced at $18. It's fairly buggy and the features that do work seem half-finished at best, and chances are the story is nothing you haven't seen before. If it'd been priced at $10 I could maybe recommend it, but it's not worth almost 20."
,Recommended,687260,34896212,Posted: 11 September,all,Rulio,"Well, keep in mind I don't like horror and paranormal-related stuff and I've always been reluctant about point'n'click games. Tokyo Dark just appealed me out of nowhere, resulting me to give it a try even if I don't like the genre. But, it was so much more surprising that I would ever imagine.Pros.► Graphism, artworks are pretty clean while some levels are really welldone. The promoted cutscence made by that one studio looks fine but no need to bet on in neither. UI is pretty clean too.► Audio, pretty great OST for an indie game and overall sound effects work great in installing the game's ambiance.► Storyline, I've really hooked the storyline. Despite all the psycological horror theme, I've really enjoyed every bit of it. From detective business, to police HQ moment, to help people out and everything after that. Well built stroy with a good amout of definitive choices and momentum changing choices.► Characters design, the main grills characters (Itō -you- and Reina), especially Itō-waifu, own a pretty unique and well-created design. However Tanaka (your partner) falls a bit into a perfect, caring and altruistic hasbundo cliché► Deep ambiance, Tokyo Dark has no trouble to quickly create its own ambiance leading to insanity moments, crutial decision-making momentum and sometimes a more relaxed pace.► Optimisation, runs smoothly without any trouble.► SPIN system, nice touch to the game leading advanced character design.► Visual novel and point'n'click hybird, well it is an interesting hybrid to be honest, having the freedom of point'n'click and the story-telling of a visual novel.► Endings, this game own 11 different endings resulting of your choices plus 6 secondary endings linked to background characters which is pretty impressive tbh. About the ending I've chose (spoilers mah bois),after a rough start of doing everthing I could to help Itō leading to horribles consequences, after all the efforts of getting back on tracks thinking if I couldn't help myself I could help the others, during the final showdown between Itō and Reina, the game really gave the feels I've haven't done this much to help someone that ruined the character's life. The ""Alone Toghter"" ending, which is the first I chose was so powerful, well written, so satisfying and, oh boi, those feels. Those damn feels.Neutrals.► User Interface hitboxes, even if I have said the UI looks good, it unfortunately, sometimes, has bugged hitboxes, leading to pick the wrong button. Also, on some startup, the location info seems bugged leading to everyplace is called ""<LOCATION>"" or something like that.► Game design new trends, like placing a puzzle with lights in the middle of a chase or put longass but interesting stories when approching the end. It's not a bad point because it keeps us on track with the game, it's just a little underwhelming, which, I think, was the point.Cons.► Unnecessary ""jumpscares"", it's not proper jumpscares hopefully but I got startled every single time from the beginning to the moment you have to pack things in your office (because I don't found any of them later) leading me to be really tense up to the end. Shoutout to the flashing mask in a deep dialogue in the sewer tho.► Resolutions settings, there is N O N E.► Dialogue interface that rarely mixes the person that speaks or rarely forget to add your interlocutor sprite.► Dialogue interface hiding UI and other gamebreaking bugs, while the previous cons doesn't really affect the game, those will make you restart a new game  because they lead to corrupted savegame files, as far from what I heard. For exemple,the pills scence have the dialogue interface bugged, so you must try to click the doorknob in blurry mess if you want to got to another place which will creat a new clean savefile. Hopefully the devs, that have acknowledged it, are working on it.TL;DR.If you're startled at almost anything I still will recommend you Tokyo Dark with all my heart due to his great storyline, possibilities, great detective aspect, uniqueness and non horror cliché game design. And because of Itō, of course. If devs read this, I want to say thanks a lot, I haven't felt anything in months (I know most of the others players wouldn't felt as much as I did playing this, but I have been personnaly hit by this game).94/100"
,Recommended,687260,34797349,Posted: 7 September,all,Danny,"Interesting clicking game. You are the story ruler in this game. Every choice matters. Be careful with S.P.I.N. system!Anyway,8/10 Graphics10/10 Story9/10 Art10/10 SoundsI recommend it!"
,Recommended,687260,34875115,Posted: 10 September,all,Witch Queen,"This game is GREAT! I had wanted to back it when it was a Kickstarter project but I was hopelessly broke at the time. I'm super happy with how it turned out though. Fans of Visual Novels and Point and Click Adventure type games will not be disappointed. I haven't cleared a playthrough yet but honestly I'm already looking forward to my next playthrough and the different choices I will make along the way. The game appears to have several different endings, so I'm fairly excited to see where my choices will take me.That being said... This game is not without issue. I have a lot of difficulty just launching the game. There have been several times where I have to boot the game, close the process in Task Manager and repeat until the game actually launches because even though Steam says the game is running it hasn't booted for me. If this happens to you and you have already started the game DON'T VERIFY YOUR GAME FILE INTEGRITY. I made this mistake after going on a walk with my dog.... The game wouldn't load so I tried to verify the files and LOST EVERYTHING. Once the game finally loaded my save was no longer there (I really wish this game supported cloud save). All in all I lost about 3 hours of my time but it was quickly regained since the bulk of it was dialogue and reading that I could skip since I already knew what it said. It was a disappointing error to run into but I am still very much enjoying myself and wholeheartedly recommend the game despite the flaws.It's not perfect, but damn I'm having a good time."
76561197995116102,Recommended,687260,34850943,Posted: 9 September,all,Snapple Nestle Lithium,A point and click adventure I enjoyed quite a bit. Took me about 4 hours for my first playthrough. Following the footsteps of an occult mystery with Ito and stressing over decisions made for a fun evening.
,Recommended,687260,34802322,Posted: 7 September,all,Majestic Rice,"A decently lengthy point-and-click game, It has a nice plot and gameplay mechanics that engage the player pretty well. One thing to note is the save system; I was unfortunate enough to have my save deleted 3 hours in which might have been caused by my anti virus (Avast) thinking it has a virus for whatever reason.I dont really review things but I thought that this game deserved some praise, and would say that this is a good game worth buying if you are into anything relating to horror, mystery, point-click games in general and perhaps anime.I also have not finished the game during the time of this review but the initial impressions have been statisfactory.UPDATE: Now after finising the game and doing seven of the eleven endings I can say that this was a really great and interesting game that kept me hooked due to the variety of different outcomes, choices, and story it provides; it just kept making me want to go even further than the ending!If you had a thought about buying this, I would definitely say go for it!"
,Recommended,687260,35010874,Posted: 16 September,all,Virgil_Harris,"A number of story driven games love to boast that ""your choices matter"", but few actually deliver on that premise without sacrificing quality in telling the story. So we either have to suffer the choice of getting a bland, copy/paste, insert yourself as the protagonist story and choices you end up not caring about; or we get gripping story but you reach the end only to find out you might as well have played one with no choices at all, because all you got really was ""choose ending A, B, or C"" even though that doesn't fit the type of character you've been shaping for the last 40 hours (*cough* Bioware *cough*).Tokyo Dark however whispers in your ear 2 hours in and says, ""hey, remember those few silly things you did the first ten minutes of gameplay that you thought didn't matter while you were getting used to the mechanics? Those will now be haunting you and remember there is only auto-save, you casual."" For that alone, this casual thanks Tokyo Dark. And with it's fascinating blend of visual novel, point & click puzzle solving (which I usually don't go for), and horror mystery with mechanics bringing back fond memories of Eternal Darkness (you yungun's ask yer folks or nerdier older sibling) this game will suck you in quick. And the multitude of endings will have you coming back for more, so the short playthrough time is a blessing if you want to see it all and still have a life. My only critiques would only be nitpicking about things others might love (I'm back and forth on the artstyle, as an example).Tl;dr your choices actually matter, the storytelling is gripping, and doesn't feel forced. And it has some really nifty game mechanics. So kiss Bioware and its EA overlords goodbye, and purchase this game.P.S. Also, not sure... but I think the developers really really like cats."
,Recommended,687260,35249328,Posted: 27 September,all,Cute Tomoyo Sakagami 💖✙✠,"For me a very good game, I would call it masterpiece and a new type of an VN.It has a great horror crime story and the characters are very nice in that game and Detective Ito is still the best and the music and sound effects fit is quite to a horror game, I can feel, the developers made it with much love and the graphic is nice aswell.In this game, you should be careful what decisions you are doing, even a little (maybe in your eyes useless) could have a big change for common actions or for the ending and always take care of your sanity and it made an auto-save or your decisions, that you have to think what you are doing and there is no way to return and it is not like in another VN´s. :PMaybe a bit more content in this game would be nice, but it is okay aswell.What is also nice here a lot of nice cutscene and pictures of your decisons and they are well made.I would say get this game and enjoy the story and the horror here, well it not a horror like in Outlast but the horror feel here is quite nice.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1145871604Pro and Cons in short form:Pro:- Nice horror crime story- Contains a lot of cutscenes and pictures- Great characters- Nice soundtracks and fitting sound-effects- Much endings up to your decisions- The atmosphere in this game is really nice and its well drawned and well madeCons:- It should have a bit more of content for this price (up to the buyer for me its okay at least)- The puzzles or decisions are sometimes to easy or you can see what is coming, when you choose for one- I guess, maybe its only me, the Spin system doesnt change much of decisions or I made wrong decisons- I know there wouldnt have always to have a happy end and yeah it doesnt fit it in that game aswell, but would be nice if would be there real happy end with a happy Ayami :D"
76561197972276575,Not Recommended,687260,34869058,Posted: 10 September,all,marclev,"I completed this (haven't bothered with New Game + yet), so it's obviously not terrible or anything like that, but on balance I'm struggling to outright recommend it. If there were a ""Neutral"" option, I'd probably choose it, as I can see it appealing to some people, but be aware that it's not really a Point and Click Adventure in the sense that most people would understand.Yes, you do point and click to walk around the scenes and interact with people, but in 4.5 hours of gameplay, it only has one actual puzzle (where you have to push a series of buttons in the correct order), and one mini-game (an arcade machine). Mostly, the game leads you by the nose to the next bit of the story with very little freedom.There is a karma type system, where the choices you make affect later conversation options and the ending, which seems quite well developed with lots of branching paths. The game also makes a big deal about your ""SPIN"" stats (Sanity, Professionalism, Investigation, Neurosis), but in practice they don't seem to have much impact on gameplay and can largely be ignored.So, as a Point and Click Adventure, it fails spectacularly due to the near-complete lack of puzzles, which is why I'm choosing to not recommend it. If however you can accept it as a supernatural thriller ""visual novel"", then I guess you would probably enjoy it and moving around the gameworld does in fairness add a lot to feeling immersed in the story.(Parently advisory: The story and themes are dark and mature, this is not a game for kids)."
,Recommended,687260,34848809,Posted: 9 September,all,Gentaro,"I really enjoyed the artwork, music and story of the game. One of the things I liked most is that your choices really affect the gameplay, I found myself regretting choices earlier in the game more than once. After playing through it once, you get to choose the new game+ mode where you can have savepoints to dive into the different outcomes of the game.It's quite short, but I definitely see the replay value.One of the better games I have played this year."
,Recommended,687260,34858963,Posted: 10 September,all,一番キツネ,"Very Interesting game. It's a ""point and click adventure"" meets ""visual novel"".Story is amazing so far, its fun, it doesnt get boring and the artstyle is amazing imo. I would recommend it.9/10 Graphics10/10 Story10/10 Art10/10 Sound and MusicBuy it! Let's go!"
76561197983332160,Recommended,687260,34803908,Posted: 7 September,all,Thanatos,"I've just finished my first playthrough and i'm looking foward to unlock all endings. Very solid game, that kept me up playing for 7 hours straight, beautiful graphics (with animated cutscenes), awesome atmospheric soundtrack, thrilling story and cute characters (too cute for DARK Tokyo). 8/10"
,Recommended,687260,34852352,Posted: 9 September,all,Jordan!,"I wasn't familiar with Tokyo Dark until recently, and I'm glad I made the decision to purchase.This feels like the next logical technological leap that visual novels need to move in.The story itself is competant and I was intrigued to complete the game without wanting to take a break because every reveal had me wanting more.If you haven't played a VN I would recommend Tokyo Dark, it's a great entry point to a niche genre -- albeit theres far more ""adventure"" elements than VN throughout.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rm0w-5TCih4"
,Recommended,687260,34863498,Posted: 10 September,all,Clumsy,Game is amazing! Every decision is final so you have to think carefully... well unless you want to start from the begining.
,Recommended,687260,34824733,Posted: 8 September,all,Chain,"I just finished my first playthrough, and I have to say I am very positivly suprised as a non Point and Click player.The story is mysterious, brilliant and so delicously dark.And the best of all, no inventory management or clicking on every pixel to find things in your surroundings!In my opinion its worth every bit of the asking price, with 11 endings."
,Recommended,687260,34966027,Posted: 15 September,all,Ace K,"This is definitely a game for those who enjoy the visual novel genre, but if your willing to take a chance with it, this game does have a lot of unique features that seperate it from many others.Probably the most noticeable feature is that your choices truly do matter in this game, and the way they do that is not only simple but rather ingeneous: After making a decision (like say shooting at a lock instead of finding a hairpin to pick at it), the game will autosave, meaning that if you want to redo that decision again, you'll need to start the entire game over from the beginning.The story, while not very memorable in my opinion (though it's probably because I only stopped after getting one ending), does have a unique array of characters that help compliment the game, helping you unravel the seedy underbelly of the Tokyo nightlife. It'll keep you engaged if your a fan of crime and psychological horror stories.The artistic style is not bad as well; it really captures the Tokyo nightlife: Showing the cheerful facade that we associate with the city, while exposing the nasty underbelly with very earthly colors and rushed paint strokes. And finally there is the music, which, personally, really does sell the game: It gives you the pinging sense of dread that something is off."
,Recommended,687260,34850465,Posted: 9 September,all,DarkChaplain,"A fantastically tense, unsettling game. I have a few technical nitpicks (like not having separate audio sliders and some detection of the interaction-boxes), but damn that first ride was satisfying.Seeing how there's still countless endings and different choices to make after how much time I put in so far for a single playthrough, I'm excited to dive right back into New Game+ and Broken Memories."
,Recommended,687260,34859211,Posted: 10 September,all,NeverwinterMoon,"Stylish artwork, beautiful soundtrack, trying to balance decisions to keep the main character from losing her sanity and a gripping plot make this game an intense and captivating experience. My only complaint is the lack of inventory puzzles usual to a point-and-click adventure. There are some items to collect and utilize but it's always very clear how to use them.  Instead, the gameplay is more focused on making various decisions around different situations. Each decision affects the character's stats.EDIT:Originally, I bought the normal edition of the game, but after I played it for a couple of hours, I decided to upgrade to the Collector's Edition - to support the developer (maybe I will even listen to the music some day - it is that good). After the brief update (the game actually re-downloaded fully after the update), I ran into a very annoying technical problem - the game would become stuck on the splash/loading screen for a very long time, slowly running counter from 0% to 100%. Every time. This never happened before the update.I went out to look for a solution and found a suggestion on the forums from the game creators themselves - it involved using the compatibility mode on the executable. After doing this (and I actually had to kill the game process a couple of time, just as the post suggested), I finally managed to get the game to launch fast again. Feeling excited, I entered the game to find my save game gone. Forever. Money nicely spent on the game upgrade, I thought :("
,Recommended,687260,35090358,Posted: 20 September,all,mossy,"PROS:- A pleasant surprise in the Visual Novel genre where you feel the weight of your decisions.- Contains a couple of animated cutscenes and some idle animations- Memorable characters- Multiple endings, so lots of replayability- Good choice of sound effects and soundtrack- Auto-save locks your decision, so it forces you to think on your decisions- Story was very enticing with the concept of questioning realityCONS:- Not enough content for the price point (opinion)- Random times for voice-acting- ""SPIN"" stats don't feel integrated well enough (opinion)- No manual save, so you're forced trial-and-error to find the other endings- The puzzles (if you can call them that) are too easy"
,Recommended,687260,35213175,Posted: 25 September,all,Kwilco,"Compleling story, great art. If anime+horror+noir+detective sounds appealing at all to you, you'll probably like this.Has many endings, but the game doesn't give you great tools to see them all very easily. The interface is also a little clunky in spots. Don't try to play with a controller plugged in, that currently breaks the game."
,Recommended,687260,35047149,Posted: 18 September,all,đ£∂ϯħ,"I wasn't expecting much from this game but Tokyo Dark ended up being an amazing experience for me, you play as a female detective searching for her partner/lover and the journey towards finding is a scary and dark one, and there are choices you can make throughout the game that will effect the ending you will get from several diffrent endings, if you enjoy horror thrillers and detective games you will love this game and is a must buy especially for the low price of the game!"
76561198162713459,Recommended,687260,34822464,Posted: 8 September,all,kikoni,sick game if u like-mystery games-anime (main character is a cute anime girl detective)-good soundtrack-some replayability once u finish a storylinekinda short tho but im on my second playthrough 8 hours in
76561198088054584,Recommended,687260,35002902,Posted: 16 September,all,SirKenny ケニー,Very intresting game hope to see more of this kind games on steam i will give it 9/10
,Recommended,687260,34820521,Posted: 8 September,all,altria154,"If you enjoy visual novels then this game is highly recommended for you. Problem solving is intuitive and the SPIN attribute system is a nice touch. The game runs smoothly and the story is engaging throughout, with exploration being rewarded."
76561198028486139,Recommended,687260,34913912,Posted: 12 September,all,Ishimaru,For a side scrolling point and click visual novel game this is really well done. It really keeps you on your edge of your seat wanting to find out what's gonna heppen next and what will happen based on your choices and decisions. The mechanics for managing your mental state is also a very nice touch to the game. Base on your actions some stats will increase and some will decrease so it makes you think twice about your choices in game. There are many ways to solve the problems in the game and couple of different endings so this really has replay values. I really enjoyed my time with this and it took me about a solid 6hrs to complete the game and I'm already diving back in to get the different endings. I give it a 7/10. <:3
,Recommended,687260,35010886,Posted: 16 September,all,Zyna,"Just finished Tokyo Dark about 15 minutes ago. I don't often pick up an anime/visual novel/point & click adventure games but I am glad I decided to give this one a try. From the moment I started the story I enjoyed the eire atmosphere that the game portrayed was enough to keep me playing until the end. I need to go threw for another play to see what the other choices offer, and I look forward to it!The only criticism I can offer up is the audio/music in the game. I understand that is was a kickstarter backed game but the music loops after awhile can get on your nerves.Otherwise play the game! 8/10!"
,Recommended,687260,34825375,Posted: 8 September,all,DutchVidya,"There are a LOT of bad VNs on Steam now. This is not one of them. Tokyo Dark is a compelling, Anime Noir story about the occult, superantural, loss, revenge and sanity.Beginning to end of one playthrough was just over 3 hours, and now a New Game + button sits on the menu, enticing me to see what the other endings are. I want to see if keeping my sanity and professionalism changes how I react.At 12 bucks, for what will end up being 8 hours of compelling storytelling - this is one of the good ones."
76561197973479914,Recommended,687260,34958825,Posted: 14 September,all,NepNep,10/10 a good story with a lot of endings depending on what you do ingame only problem I had with it is framerate issues
,Recommended,687260,35038343,Posted: 17 September,all,Jenner,"Interseting story and (for the most part) well told. Puzzles are fairly weak. I was expecting something more Blade Runner-ish but it's really just a modern ghost story. I enjoyed it, however."
,Recommended,687260,35033344,Posted: 17 September,all,fantomchoder,"Awesome game. I like visual novels with a point & click interface to allow for a non-linear story with multiple endings. But unlike a point & click game, there aren't any puzzles to solve but rather you're just making choices in the story along the way. The story itself was solid with good writing and characters that kept me interested until the end. The graphics and animation were excellent, as well as the sound. Definitely recommend this.The only minor complaints that I have about the game are: a) still not sure how to run in the game even after finishing it... just randomly works at times but it's rare to have long distances to walk so never bothered me, b) few occurrences of doors that would show an ""enter"" overlay but it wouldn't work... fairly sure I wasn't supposed to go in there but would be nice to just not show the inactive overlay then, and c) not sure how much of a difference the stats points really made but it's not like it took any effort to keep them in check."
76561198357196081,Recommended,687260,35069086,Posted: 19 September,all,Hit,"Finally a visual novel with enough choices to be called interactive.However,stats could use improvements to be more impactful and some bugs need to be fixed."
,Recommended,687260,34954748,Posted: 14 September,all,Lord Death-Em-Up,"Very good, if somewhat short game, in the mould of Broken Sword, but with more horror, less humour and at best, melocholy endings - don't expect anything light and fluffy here - it's not afraid to show seedy sides to Tokyo and surrounding areas.In-game graphics are very nice, especially the movement of Ito.  The short animated cut-scenese are typical Japanese animation - not exactly my taste - but they do work.There is only one ""tricky"" puzzle to solve, the rest is just working out what to do next.The characters you meet all have different personailitys and by the end, you'll find out what happened to a few of them, mainly due to your (in)actions - don't expect everything to be happy though!Music is atmospheric and fits in well.Overall, well worth getting, especially if its on sale."
76561198003077467,Recommended,687260,35497919,Posted: 5 October,all,poltergeist4444,"After putting 15 hours into the game and obtaining every ending and achievement, I have to say that I enjoyed Tokyo Dark. It's by no means a perfect game, but it's a unique and interesting take on classic point-and-click adventure titles.Many games take place in Tokyo, but few touch upon the seedier aspects of its familiar locales. You're basically exploring the bad parts of town in this game, while following a story steeped in the occult. It's less of a police procedural, and more of a personal story about one woman's struggle with grief. The writing is consistently good and entertaining (even though you might stumble across a spelling error here and there), with a creepy, unsettling atmosphere throughout. There are no jump scares, just an ominous sense of foreboding from beginning to end.One thing to note is how much this game feels like a well-balanced fusion of Western and American elements. The story, the locations, the interactions, the history... all of it feels very true to the Japanese setting, draped over a framework of a game born from Western indie design sensibilities. I think the combination works very well. You get something that comes across as very authentic, yet it's darker and more uncomfortable than similar games developed solely in Japan.One of my biggest complaints, is that it feels like there could have been more opportunities for meaningful choice. You do a lot of reading in this game, and that's fine, but when it comes time to make a choice, much of it boils down to managing your stats, which in turn influences future choices and the endings available to you. There are only a few points in the story where it feels like the choice you've made has radically altered an otherwise fairly linear narrative.Secondly, this game encourages multiple playthroughs, and there are many sections that you'll have to replay over and over again. Sometimes you're given the option to skip a long dialogue, but more often than not, you'll have to click through conversations one line at a time. More ""skip"" buttons would be appreciated, or a ""skip read"" option, like the one most visual novels employ. This is only a minor nitpick though.It's evident that a lot of care and passion went into this game. There are a handful of impressively animated sequences (not bad, considering that I've seen bigger games with bigger budgets skimp in this department), as well as a beautiful and sorrowful soundtrack. Key characters are drawn very well, with a variety of expressions and poses, though many of the secondary characters (especially male ones) are drawn with a bit less polish. It can be a bit distracting at times, but it's not a dealbreaker.If you're looking for an eerie story to play this Halloween, you could do much worse than a blind playthrough of Tokyo Dark. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,687260,34896521,Posted: 12 September,all,bun,"Not much to say, the story is quite dark and intriguing in a way since it's a mystery game and all. Art is pretty good and there are some short video cinematics that are good quality by my standards.The music does well in setting the creepy atmosphere though it's very loud and you'll have to lower the volume of the entire game if you don't want to blow your eardrums.Disappointed that there were no voice lines other than a few grunts or phrases at the beginning of each dialogue, really felt lacking when they've got short animations yet no voice overs.There are multiple endings that are based on your choices in the game, those choices also affect your Stress, Professionalism, Investigation, and Neurosis stats, and endings or choices may be altered depending on those stats.All in all as a person that isn't very invested in the visual novel genre, the plot was interesting enough to keep me hooked. I'd definitely recommend it to anybody that shows interest in anime styled games and dark plots."
76561198258581204,Recommended,687260,34911491,Posted: 12 September,all,pilot talk,Is this a point and click adventure or a Visual novel? A little bit of both and it works well. The story is Dark with a slight of humor it is sure not to take itself over the top serious but not goofy enough to kill the suspense. The characters are full of personality and I am really looking forward to completing this game.
76561198092169216,Recommended,687260,34804075,Posted: 7 September,all,hookkingdom68,"Ok. I'm not very used to play Visual Novel games but after playing around  1H30 I have to admit that I got totally absorbed by its atmosphere and its story.The way the game is designed perfectly match the background where this story's being told. Additionaly to that, sounds and musics helps to being even more absorbed by the events occuring in that creepy Tokyo.Even if I did not beat the game yet, I would recommend it to anyone in search of a good story englobed by nice designs and atmosphere."
76561198075792913,Recommended,687260,34898683,Posted: 12 September,all,Stormstriker021,"I'm writing a review.I never write a review.I bought the collectors eddition.I never buy the collectors Edition.---------------------------------------Tokyo Dark is not perfect.It can lag at times, the point and click walking is annoying.The Interface could use some work.But I love it. It just needs some tweeks to make it perfect.I love Ayami. (the protaganist).The plot is solid.There are multiple endingsAnd I felt bad for the antaganist, so good writing?Its a game well worth checking out."
,Recommended,687260,34801047,Posted: 7 September,all,mzmz,"20mins into the game but game looks really great. Every decision you make matters which decides your S.P.I.N. Think really carefully before making a decision. I'm at -7 sanity and I kept thinking why did I make this decision.BGM goes along with the story, nice settings."
,Recommended,687260,34815009,Posted: 8 September,all,Kalfyra,"Im used to play quite often Visual Novel games and this one isn't bad but isn't great either.SOUNDTRACK : really nice, give overall the right mood for every kind of situtation, even if isn't memorable 7.5/10STORY : It start ok, maybe a bit too slow , i ll finish it before give a full review about it tryng to avoid spoilers. right now 7/10ART: Well... my profession is actually being a developer artist... and... well... is bad, i mean, i love anime/manga style , but this one is really bad, ugly expressions, the chara design of the men is awful, the protagonist too much similar to motoko kusanagi (is overall too much generic) , really ugly animation ruining the overall mood of the game....The problem of the enviroment art is about the setting itself: if u call a game Tokyo dark, i want in the start recognize some place of it , not just show overall japanese cliches (i lived in japan for one year, in Tokyo). The rendering style  of the enviroment isnt so bad and give the right mood for the game. There are so many things i would suggest for make it look better, as an example, giving expressions to the portraits of the charas in the dialogue window.VOTE : 4/10UI GRAPHIC : Clean and essential. 7/10GAMEPLAY : simple, like all the graphic novels, mixed with  point and click elements. Not bad but didnt really bring anything new  7/10Overall isnt a bad game, specailly as a first game for a small studio, i would give it a shot without hoping for anything amazing. For now my vote is about 6/10"
,Recommended,687260,34886903,Posted: 11 September,all,The7JuiceMan,A Short but sweet detective light novel with 11 endings!
76561198064655005,Recommended,687260,34925239,Posted: 13 September,all,King jm1,"I've only done one playthrough so far, but I quite liked the somewhat unique story this game has to tell."
76561198004138387,Recommended,687260,34815323,Posted: 8 September,all,Venom Snake,"Absolutely breathtaking! 10/10A very rich story, countless choices and consequences.A very atmospheric game, accompanied by a stunning soundtrack, Tokyo Dark is a very good horror/mystery investigation game.If you enjoy a good story, highly recommended."
,Recommended,687260,34874590,Posted: 10 September,all,noryn4rlp,Great game - very beautiful and dark - one of the best horror games on Steam - play Downfall next if you haven't already - these are similar.10/10 - thank you to the developers so much for a beautiful VN horror game!
,Recommended,687260,34888928,Posted: 11 September,all,[:D] bac0n & 3ggs,So far so good. This game is basically the evolved form of a visual novel. Storytelling is really good and had me glued to my seat for the 3.5 hours I've spent so far.
76561198068771047,Recommended,687260,35055467,Posted: 18 September,all,Jesus of Bullets,"Shot a lock, a bamboo shoot, knocked out a police officer, shot another lock, shot a pervert, held anothe rpolice officer hostage, and then went insane.Then I went home and played Tokyo Dark. It was pretty good."
76561198072794505,Recommended,687260,34885432,Posted: 11 September,all,General,"A game made right. At this moment I am only 2 hours into the game, will edit when I am exposed to more content. Anyway it's already much better than SOMA, a game I feel I was tricked into buying by the ridiculous hyping.And yes it's a point & click. Some may find it a bit boring. But it's ideal for casual gamer. If you are a casual gamer like me, you probably won't regret buying it."
76561197994100111,Recommended,687260,34799825,Posted: 7 September,all,Nicobay le pokemon,"good story , multy ending , nice art , maiden cat lady .im not a big fan of novel game , but i love gore/horror/psycologique game .so i gave a try , and i dont regret .game is not : scary , not stupid jumpscare etc , all the feeling pass via the story , and that a good point ."
76561198039937061,Recommended,687260,35206824,Posted: 25 September,all,Cyberlennoxxx,it's gud
76561198034405727,Recommended,687260,34903787,Posted: 12 September,all,Volquine,Very good game !
,Recommended,687260,34916970,Posted: 13 September,all,『MatrassK』,Tokyo dark is beautiful game that you have to play!!
,Recommended,687260,34912264,Posted: 12 September,all,notmywaifu,"Oh boy, this is my first review.Let's get started. So, first of all I was needing new game(s) to play and this popped up, seemed cool because I'm already a fan of sci-fi/horror/gore/VN stuff so I said why not and headed right for the collectors edition.1 - I LOVE Ayami. She is a good protaganist and a female one too.2 - I like the story. The story is solid because you can get hooked on characters easily. Just like I am hooked on Ayami and You feel bad for some characters too.3 - The animated scenes are really well done.Some things that I dislike though; sometimes it crashes and I have to start a new game all together, may just be me though. Some times pointer lags; that's a given on a new-ish game but hey I love this game. Still haven't nearly finished it yet. 10/10 recommend."
,Recommended,687260,34801094,Posted: 7 September,all,FlashPlex,Saw the demo. Waited for release. Added CherryMochi on Twitter. Checked all DevBlogs and updates. Waited even more for release. Bought it. Played it. Loved it! <3
,Recommended,687260,34808999,Posted: 7 September,all,Anonysaurus,This is great.
,Not Recommended,687260,34911806,Posted: 12 September,all,avwarren,"I was so put off by the mock anime art, which is sadly so poorly drawn, that I stopped playing it one hour in. Cheap jumpscares didnt help either. No thanks."
,Not Recommended,687260,34806039,Posted: 7 September,all,Let'sGoTenjiku,"Mediocre art and a bland story. It begins by constantly referencing the events of a case gone horrible wrong six months prior to the start of the main story only to make you flash back after things just start getting interesting.There was a lot of potential with how they could work the sanity, Investigation, Proffesionallism, and Negotiation stats, but they didn't really feel like they went anywhere.The ""spooky"" jumpscares never worked because the art was so sub par and the overall mood felt ruined. I would like to see a more in-depth point and click adventure made with the ideas this game presents by the creators, but for a Kickstarted game with release by a major publisher, they could have done better."
76561198087335000,Not Recommended,687260,34894470,Posted: 11 September,all,>3<Chloe,Stupid piece of Shxt. Fatal bugs make me fail to launch this fxxking game and lost my savedata.How can u sell an incompleted work??
,Recommended,687260,34982182,Posted: 15 September,all,Lestrade,"Writing is engaging, characters are interesting, and the overall vibe is deliciously on-point. The choices you have to make are often difficult, which adds weight to the plot. Top-tier soundtrack really elevates the experience."
,Recommended,687260,34856986,Posted: 10 September,all,Puella14,"This game was a lot of fun for me to play. The story is interesting and although it's ""only"" Point- and Click, it never got boring. Be warned though, it's also really dark and depressing from time to time (atleast in my opinion, I'm not that much used to dark stuff). One playthrough took me 5.6 hours but I'll definitly not stop here and go venture out again to check out the other 10 endings and to see what happens when I take a more insane or unprofessional way ;) I also really liked the visuals and the music, both always fit very well. The game is not only dark and grim tho since cats are also a major theme of this game. (As a cat-lover myself) This was a nice and funny contrast to all the dark themes :)Edit: I just watched the trailer for the game and I haven't seen like 70% of the stuff shown, with the path I took so revisiting is definitly worth it and I'm excited for my next playthrough."
76561198039559264,Recommended,687260,34846003,Posted: 9 September,all,darius180,"Personally, I'm not a big fan of VNs or adventure games.  This game is an exception.  I strongly recommend it."
,Recommended,687260,34856146,Posted: 10 September,all,Monika (Ripple),"Haven't gotten true ending yet, pretty good game so far but it's currently buggy at the moment."
76561197969404710,Recommended,687260,34854949,Posted: 9 September,all,Chaos The Terrible,The was my pleasant surprise of the weekend. Enjoyed it a lot~
76561198312605632,Recommended,687260,34846539,Posted: 9 September,all,c# demigod,Mark:9 / 10Pluses:-very good soundtrack-nice history-maybe I will open one more ending-cute graphicsDislike list:-dialog persones are blinking synchronously...
,Recommended,687260,34835266,Posted: 9 September,all,Russisch Brot,"I really like this game, but i encountered a gamebreaking bug.The quest looking for Omega, after you are escorted out of the club i just see the next picture, nothing happens.Quit to main Menu, Continue, just the same, nothing happens.Restarted the game and my savegame is gone. Well... thanks.edit: after starting over everything is fine.Plus really fast response from devs. Thank you guys ^.^"
76561198146796162,Recommended,687260,34828566,Posted: 8 September,all,Avocado at Law,As you can see I haven't played much yet but i have been hyped for this game for a logn time and it has not disappointed at all
76561198290999014,Recommended,687260,34873133,Posted: 10 September,all,Nanoxion,"Pretty good game, creepy and mysterious."
,Recommended,687260,34864651,Posted: 10 September,all,arisa94,Find it quite interesting 30 minutes into the game. I am a bit annoyed by the text speed though. It would be a lot better if we can set the speed.
,Recommended,687260,34875202,Posted: 10 September,all,Itō Ayami,Spent three days trying to get all endings. Tomorrow will be my fourth day. I'm too addicted.
,Recommended,687260,34851615,Posted: 9 September,all,Drakensson,"Greetings from a fellow game-directorVIDEO VERSION:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEcVNtx59Lw&feature=youtu.be------------------------------------------------------------First off, let's start with saying that this game is unique. It's unique to get a 2D side-scroller that features large HQ modern anime-sprites instead of small retro garbage visuals. This is extra rare on Steam, there are even less of them here. If you think this is not a rare combo, and that it is mundane......well, then you know jack about the game industry. So, kudos to the dev for that.BUT! The game has a gimmick wich also is the biggest flaw in the game in my opinion.A side-scroller where you move the player by clicking and dragging the mouse is horrible and a disgusting feeling that gets tiresome and eventually causes pain in the hand, especially when the rest of the game must be progressed through by the mouse. This mouse-walking also makes movements inaccurate. It is extremely easy to run past your intended destination. It seems that the director was so desperate in making a point-and-click game that he forgotergonomics and......well, common sense. It would have been better to move with the WASD and then do the interactions with the mouse. It can thus still qualify as a point-and-click, so calm down. No need to panic. As it is now, this is a flaw wich is not just a flaw, but it is bad game-design.The other flaw is a flaw wich is so typical to Asian games that it almost becomes cultural. Chronic if you will. An overload of (uninteresting) dialogue. Tons of text. Text that is not really important for the story. That's not good. And that too, makes the hand hurt from all the clicking.Stop it, get some help.The good parts are the visuals as said. As well as the atmosphere combined with the soundtrack.The soundtrack is ambient, but it is more sound-design than actual music. Grand textures, drones and SFXs forms ""music"" that sounds like something coming from the mastermind Diego Stocco.Top that with choices & consequence system and fully animated cutscenes, and this game is trulya rare gem of a kind we don't have many ofSCORE: 7/10"
,Recommended,687260,35178981,Posted: 24 September,all,SaintOfRock,"After the hype for this game caught me after it was recommended to me as it was still in kickstarter founding...one line occured to me ""The Hype Is Real""I was really looking forward to  the game's release and got it one day after the release. And if have to say...I was not disappointed. The game is really worth its money and after you finished it once...you get hungry for another ending. (The game counts 11 endings),This game has so much love in every detail and the graphics have their own fantastic style...i really liked the idea behind the walking shadows when you move around a scene.It all fits perfect. And once you start to get in the depth of the story and start to learn more about the story behind the characters, the game has you. Especially the last hours had me really intensely, as i could not stop until i finished it.The auto-save function is an interesting point...you made wrong decision? DEAL with it, as the game offers no manual savepoint. So you really have to think about your actions and answer. There is no tutorial needed...you learn a lot while playing it the first time...and even sometimes...even not reacting to something..causes a reaction...Another brilliant idea is the Spin System. This makes you to have a regular look at your state of mind, as this has effect on the choices you can make or actions you can chose from.If you are looking for an intense, interesting, point and click mystery adventure...this is a really good choice.  I also have to mention, that the story is not for children.For the german players....place a dictionary next to your keyboard...you might need ^^ (yes, i am german..and i needed it sometimes ;))"
,Recommended,687260,35192540,Posted: 24 September,all,SolisDevil,Very engaging and lots of replayability
,Recommended,687260,35164234,Posted: 23 September,all,ShXrkCZ,+ Story with multiple endings+ Art style (Graphics)+ Sounds / Music+ Detective Ito+ Characters- Few bugs- Skip in NG+ do not work very well- S.P.I.N system seems to me to be unfinished- Too bad that no VA (but I understand)8/10
,Recommended,687260,35233046,Posted: 26 September,all,Chunky,"Hesitated due to the price, but it was well worth it. Really enjoyed the game, and would recommend it to anyone on the fence."
,Recommended,687260,34957547,Posted: 14 September,all,Froxin,"A really nice short piece of art. The storyline is great, the cute scenes are just enough. The choices are really hard since it's not about a clear moral compass sort of choice, it's sort of dependent on whether you believe in fate and/or free will or not, but even then the choices really do a number on you."
,Recommended,687260,35139270,Posted: 22 September,all,Tom,Awesome game especially considering the price
,Recommended,687260,35404018,Posted: 1 October,all,Neopolitan,"Wonderfull game.At this point, I've only seen one 1 ending though, I'll be working on seeing the others.Great story and a great branching story.The only bad thing is that it's only offered in english and I think Japenese (?). So if you don't understand either, well you can't play.10/10"
76561198041949046,Recommended,687260,35487458,Posted: 4 October,all,Barkander,A good story driven game. A bit pricey for its content but it's worth it.
,Recommended,687260,35505418,Posted: 5 October,all,namenotinuse,"An atmospheric, well-written adventure game with a noir vibe. Fairly linear, but you can choose how to approach different situations and there are a couple important choices, leading to multiple endings. Difficulty-wise it's definitely more on the casual side, and it's not particularly scary or gorey either. More of a supernatural mystery adventure thingy."
