user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198315236014,Recommended,689650,34454482,Posted: 24 August,all,Quinton,Patch:R18 Explicit Patch download link:https://www.dropbox.com/s/k9fubr3vdd3va92/patch.rar?dl=0Download and unzip it to www\img\picture.
,Recommended,689650,34477587,Posted: 25 August,all,末原 恭子,"Before anything let me disclose that this game is a VISUAL NOVEL. I have to mention it here because the 'Visual Novel' tag seems to be missing on the store page. Also, I strongly suggest for people to get the uncensored patch here:https://www.dropbox.com/s/k9fubr3vdd3va92/patch.rar?dl=0Now on to the review.Because the game seems to have been made through RPG Maker (and the missing Visual Novel Tag), one would think this would be a similar game to Dark Elf, Violated Heroine or The Heiress etc. Maybe not as raunchy or pervy, but at least similar in gameplay. Well, no... this is far from those two titles as the only gameplay this game gives you is the ability to decide and make a choice on whom you want get boned by. The only time you get to control your character is when it lets you walk around a closed space in the end of the game, in a hub where you can view the CGs! This is 100 percent just a visual novel! You don't get to choose quests, you don't get to meet a variety NPCs that you might or might not want to get boned by, and you don't get to fight monsters that you might or might not want to purposely lose against to get very intimate with. You just click on with your mouse, reading through the story, until the time for you to make a choice on which one fancies you the most: the whimp, the tsundere or the psychopath. I personally recommend the tsundere.Let's talk about the translation, it works but it's garbage. I can't be dishonest, tho I like the game, the translation is garbage. For a story driven game having translation as bad as this is just not good. It's not a long game, I criticize the use of machine level translations for something only this level! Would it cost the developers a fortune to hire someone actually just a little competent to translate something this short? Come on... that's just lazy and stingy.So, if the gameplay is bland (i would dare say nonexistent) then the plot is your go to factor on whether to buy this game or not. I'm happy to say that I liked the plot. You're a beautiful knight, the pride of your kingdom, graduated with the top marks from your chivalry school and that earns you the hearts of all the people you walk into. Then you stumble upon a conflict about a magician bearing a grudge against your kingdom which nearly haunted them down to extinction. He puts a curse on you and that's really where the story begins.Before reading forward let me just say that for its price despite the flaws I recommend this game so you can stop reading now because there are some spoilers after this line.You okay with spoilers then? Good. So when I played this game and reached this point I was thinking ""Ah this is where i fight for my life and for love and struggle against the curse!"" In which the game said: ""Ahahahaha... NO! You stay in bed little girl! How dare you try to do something significant! Here are straws with the names of two guys, choose well because the one you pick will shove his manliness inside you at the end of this whole escapade."" And so I did, I chose the tsundere one and after he cured me OFFSCREEN, he suddenly decided that as a reward he had to bang my character.Me: Fair enough, he probably had to fight demons OFFSCREEN just to cure me, he deserves it.Him: i bought the flower for the cureee doiiiiMe: well okay then, I can't wait for this arc to be over so I can finally do something interesting....Game: The End.... No seriously, it just ends! It ended after 2 consecutive cgs! I managed to only get to view 2 pics I could've drawn myself after thirty minutes of this game! That's my main problem with this game, it's too short! I was just beginning to get interested! Why not explore the plot of magic's vengeance against those that persecuted it and make more content?!In the end i wasn't very satisfied, but by being so cheap I think this game earned the right to exist. I just wish there was more. I mean, I didn't expect the game to end just after my character lost her virginity! I wanted to explore the kingdom! I wanted to explore beyond the boundaries of the kingdom where the magicians escaped to! I wanted more of the world where my androgenous character was born! Instead a guy just explored me and it ends! So overall, if you want to experience a very very very short visual novel that offers very very very little decision making, i personally believe that it's just the right price. So if you're willing to shed some spare change, please do try it."
,Recommended,689650,34453621,Posted: 23 August,all,Fr0zen Angel,The English translation is pretty bad. I just started and the translation keeps making me laugh. But the sentences are still understandable so I'm fine with it. :)Edit: The longer I play it the worse the translation gets (or maybe I'm just getting more irritated lol). And lots of typos too. No proof-readers I guess.
76561198016420293,Not Recommended,689650,34752664,Posted: 5 September,all,Marwie,"Sadly, this is NOT a good game. At all.It is a pity it had both cute sprites and pictures, cause they seem terribly out of place in this short, shallow game without any substance. It almost seems like everything about this is just excuse to show few sexy pics, but oh man; you can easily find better smut elsewhere.So why that bad?First, translation - its bad, and makes you constantly wonder what author had in mind. So at some point you just skip through it. Especially because of second problem - the story. It starts slow, has one major plot point that comes out of nowhere andrenders the main heroine useless, then one of the guys resolves it by himself behind the scenes just to get his way with her as a reward. The end. Frankly, its even a bit insulting how obviously whole plot is just excuse to show some (badly translated) sex.This is not worth buying and reading through, honestly."
,Recommended,689650,34454832,Posted: 24 August,all,Saitzu,"Well, the first thing you notice when you start the game is the english.The english used for this game is worse than basic but if you can manage to ignore it and read it the way it should be written, you will enjoy it.Not even 2 minutes in the game you have already 2 achievements and a cg. The achievements are not in english, so you don't really know how to get them unless you are able to understand the language in which they are written (I guess?).The cg's are pretty good, I like the style and the colours.I have to admit that at first, I had no idea what the MC was, boy or a girl. Sometimes they refer to the MC as a male but then the MC refers to itself as a girl so I am pretty confused not only by that but his/her looks too.For now, I can say that with the low price it has, it  is worth it."
,Recommended,689650,34471219,Posted: 24 August,all,Naruchin ☆,"Can you stomach a machine translation with extremely weird errors (e.g. full stops replaced by double question marks for whole chapters) that allows you to get the gist of the story, but not much else?- Yes: get the game, since it's cheap and fairly entertaining.Visually it's cute: sprites and CGs are pretty, and the pixel sprites are consistent. The music is also not half bad.The story itself is decent. The characters are well defined, and despite how verbose everybody is, at least the plot exists and moves forward (however, it feels really slow towards the end). The progression of the romance makes sense, which surprised me, and MC is not too bad. There are 4 endings: 2 for Marlowe (1 good, 1 bad), 1 for Phil and 1 for Yufia.Warning: the translation of the R18 scenes is extremely poor and looks more like a word jumble than an attempt at prose.- No: don't get the game.To the publisher: I saw some people offer on the forums to proofread the script. Consider their offer, as a good translation is important for story-focused games :)"
,Not Recommended,689650,34453428,Posted: 23 August,all,HarunoTC,"Admitely I'm barely a few minutes in or so ( written 5, steam told my I hadn't even played 1 minute ) - The biggest warning that should be known to all is the English is pretty bad. You can get the point of what's being said enough, but the wording definitely wasn't proofed.https://puu.sh/xib3D/35fe00162b.pngIt's not /all/ bad and I'm still very curious to play it - however I had my doubts anyway when it barely cost me a pound. ( That and they had refund info up before the game was even released. )Visually however, s'cute."
76561198080327441,Not Recommended,689650,34487824,Posted: 25 August,all,Presenteira,"I like the style of the art and the character design is good. The story seems interesting and I think I might really like it if not for the awful translation. I generally get what they're trying to say but it's pretty tiresome and takes me out of the story, and other times I just have no idea what they mean.I guess you can't ask too much for such a cheap price... but I think it's a pity because a bad translation can ruin an otherwise good game."
,Recommended,689650,34526617,Posted: 27 August,all,Master C,"It is a visual novel so don't expect a RPG gameplay.The translation is not bad at the beginning.Some words are partially spelt after a few chapters.Every sentences end with a question mark after a while.Well, you'll need an auto-correction ability in order to fully understand the translation.About the achievements... In fact the descriptions gave no information about how to get them.The 9 simplified Chinese characters form the following two phrases:贵圈真乱口嫌体正直The first phrase means something like ""your gang is really in a mess"".It is a negative phrase to describe a group of people who do something out of the rule or without control.It fits in the scenarios like internal discord, or even worse like random sex, drugs, etc.The second phrase means ""you say you don’t want it, but your body is honest"".Usually it is used to describe a girl... I think you know what I'm talking about."
76561198037349435,Recommended,689650,34879134,Posted: 11 September,all,MastemasGirl,"The translation is bad, but its so bad you can't stop laughing. I would recommend this to anyone who buys games with bad translations just to laugh at the awkward engrish. It also has a strange mix of CG and RPG sprites and generic music. It's really a shame though, because the game has a really good story that is ruined by this terrible translation"
76561198069159152,Recommended,689650,35281345,Posted: 28 September,all,wrb41977,"This is... well, this is an interesting game. It seems to be a port of a Japanese game... through a Chinese translation to English... The latter translation being... a bit splotchy. The game also seems to make use of RPGMaker assets, though not in a way that allows you to do anything.The story itself is... interesting. Young female knight, cursed by a magician. In order to reverse the curse, a certain flower must be found. One of three men shall find it, depending on your choices. One of which being the magician who cursed you in the first place. Outside of one neutral ending, the person appointed by your decisions will return with the healing draught, heal the girl... and then cement their love for the girl by joining with her.There is a patch which adds a little detail to those scenes, but... not what some of you are hoping for...While I think the game decent enough to recommend (barely), it seems a bit of a drop in quality from their first game, Super Star..."
76561198217295837,Recommended,689650,34492152,Posted: 25 August,all,Lotus Someday,"Ah, for two dollars this game is worth it. Just be warned that the english is pretty bad, but it is laughable and you can understand what is going on, so its a win either way."
76561198067350864,Not Recommended,689650,34777783,Posted: 6 September,all,IRIN,short and boring game use 3 hr clear all routeenglish translate  is pretty bad
76561198274105799,Recommended,689650,35345972,Posted: 30 September,all,azuchimotonaga,"I bought this game when it was discount, but I have not played it until a day the network connection failed.The content is so short that we can clear it only within four hours.This matches its price.CG is good and story is not boring.Just like reading a book when you were a child，but it is not suitable for minors. LOL."
76561198263576752,Recommended,689650,34702419,Posted: 2 September,all,tahja1829,"Okay, I know this game has gotten a lot of hate because of its translation, but let me tell you honestly: It's not that bad. Now I know a lot of people will probably scoff at that but I honestly could read everything fine and could tell what the protagonist was talking about and what was going on. Was it perfect? No. Within seconds of the game start there are blatant errors in dialogue and such but it is not completely terrible. I'll admit that there are times when some things are a little confusing but if you are a strong reader, you will love it. The worst translation that I noticed was in Youfia's route.Before and during his sex scene the translation is really bad and hard to make out so just be aware of that.As far as the game goes, I loved it! The art was beyond amazing and I was very much interested in the way the game was created. The use of RPGMaker as a dating simulator is something I've sketched in my mind but I've never seen it actually done and honestly it wasn't that bad. I loved the cutscenes, the character movement, and the reactions not only from the characters' pictures but also their avatars on screen. It was interesting. The only con with it was the poor map layouts. Some were just ugly looking while others were attractive. Nothing too distracting though if you are in it for the story and not the maps.As far as the characters go, Adelaide was a great female protagonist who struggles with her identity as being a woman but wanting to be a man as a knight. She is very intelligent and is not like most stupid female leads in dating sims so I loved her. I'm just a bit sad that we could really see her in action becauseof the curse.Phil was so adorable but he has sort of an obsessive side when it comes to the lead. I loved him but also felt compelled to choose him because he was with the protagonist through everything. He definitely had a fair amount of screen time so it only felt right to go with him first.Youfia is a good choice for tsudere lovers, I guess. I'm usually a fan of them also but he just didn't have as strong of a presence as Phil in the game. Plus he was always finding an excuse to hit the protagonist XD. Anyway, their relationship is interesting and goes way back. Again, Phil just had a stronger presence to me.Finally, Marlowe was a character that I had high expectations for. He didn't really meet them, however, I still enjoyed his character. He is nothing like how he is first introduced, just a heads up. I also felt that his side of the story was kind of out of the way.I just didn't see the point of keeping the protagonist in a prison the whole time. I don't know. But it was still cute that they were there together.He kind of had a weaker presence and there wasn't any romance whatsoever before you move into his route.Anyway, to wrap this up, I honestly loved this game. This art was beyond amazing. I'm so disappointed that Steam had to censor the more ""mature"" art but it was still so good! I got this game on sale so it was a good price and overall worth it even at its full price. Buy the game if you are a strong reader and don't mind having to piece together the text every once in a while. You'll enjoy it.7/10"
,Not Recommended,689650,34697955,Posted: 2 September,all,Taz,"It's a really badly-translated visual novel that was put in RPG maker. No RPG features whatsoever. There's no gameplay other than the choice feature. Unless, you want a moving chibi sprite VN, with pretty CGs and bad writing. I was hoping for a JRPG with a battle system, quests, dating sim system and stuff. None of that. I can't get into it because the machine-translation is that bad. If I'm ever bored to death, I'll play this £1.59 garbage. Honestly, if you enjoy it, good for you. I can't stand this. It may or may not be the good, as in, story. I'm not gonna bother to find out. Hopefully, if the company can actually get someone to translate this nicely with good understanding and writing, I'll change my mind. I got tired of this after reading the introduction. The company is obviously just wanting the monies and ripping people off rather than delivering an actual thing worth the whole money as a cost. Call me when this Visual Novel with no RPG gameplay gits gud with translation."
76561198130464705,Recommended,689650,34466003,Posted: 24 August,all,EvaKarino,"Yes, the English is very jumbled up, however I am still able to understand whats going on for the most part, so its not such a big deal for me. The story looks interesting and its a game unlike any i have played so i'm not complaining,especially when I payed less than 2 bucks for it. I hope they release a patch to fix the English one day, but untll then its fine."
76561198087829022,Recommended,689650,34458559,Posted: 24 August,all,taina psilva,"Bem o que dizer desse jogo? O inglês dele esta muito estranho.... Mas ele tem um clima interessante e sinceramente o preço dele está bom. Estou curiosa por ele.The english is bad, but the game is cool, i mean i'm curious about it, and story and all.And the price is cool too or cheap, the GUI is missing somethings but this looks like the game style."
,Recommended,689650,34460423,Posted: 24 August,all,รักมิวสิคนะฮับบบบ,Random Question Marks.Weird Grammar.So Weird.I tried
,Not Recommended,689650,34460028,Posted: 24 August,all,Kryztal,I'm conflicted on whether the main character is a girl or boy.I know it's a girl. It's intended to be a joke.
,Recommended,689650,34804290,Posted: 7 September,all,minkie,"If you can get past the hilarious machine translations, this visual novel is pretty charming and definitely more likeable than other, more expensive titles that are available -provided you download the uncensored patch.I absolutely hated Phil and his entire route, but Youffa was pretty nice and Marlowe quickly endeared himself to me. It's clear that Marlowe's route(s) was much more fleshed out than the other two characters, but at $1, I really won't complain. I also rather liked Adelaide as a character. She's a refreshing departure from meek r18 otome heroines.Check it out if you're bored and are a fan of fantasy rpgs from the 4th gen"
,Not Recommended,689650,35167976,Posted: 23 September,all,keriapride,"I bought this game because it was cheap and the art looked pretty. And those are probably the only pros you'll find for this game.Translation is bad, controls are pretty much nonexistent (really, no accessible pause/save menu?) I seriously don't have any motivation to finish it."
76561198079326441,Not Recommended,689650,35200804,Posted: 25 September,all,vervainiasi,"The music was well done and really lends to the game. This might be because the music and art were really everything positive about this game.The art, I can't complain, even if the flowers were a bit over the top on the CGs lol. I even like the little old school RPG look for when the characters move around. It was really cute. The stylistic choices work very well. Although if you are looking for smut try elsewere.The story was actually fairly interesting from what I could gather. The MC is a very popular knight who is following in her fathers' footsteps. But the translation makes it quite difficult to follow.The Translation, OMG, the translation. It was like the developer took the script ran it through Bing Translate then chopped the words up, tossed them into a hat and picked words and phrases out at random. I get that this game was originally a Chinese game, but they could have hired a native speaker to proofread the translation. The developer spent time making a lovely soundtrack, beautiful art, and from the bits, I gathered a touching story. It is a shame that it was ruined because of a terrible translation.Also, the romance seems a bit jarring and sudden. With one route consent is dubious. Though this honestly might be because I skipped the majority of dialogue because it was giving me a headache. Yet another reason why translation is important. Especially with a visual novel, where the majority of player interaction is TO READ AND MAKE CHOICES.I cannot stress how badly this game is translated. It is not just a word here or there this is an issue throughout the whole game. Since I cannot post the screenshots I have here if you are curious to both the art and just how nighmareish the translation is I have them and a review posted on my websitehttp://wp.me/P707Yu-7M"
