{"reviews": [{"recommendationid": "33950165", "steam_purchase": true, "votes_up": 2, "weighted_vote_score": "0.488426", "voted_up": false, "language": "english", "author": {"last_played": 1501596147, "steamid": "76561197981934486", "num_games_owned": 170, "num_reviews": 54, "playtime_forever": 733, "playtime_last_two_weeks": 0}, "votes_funny": 0, "review": "Put simply, this game's sale price, one or two weapons and about 2 or 3 levels are its only saving grace. If you can get it to run at all, of course. I'm not the type of person that gives a thumbs down for nothing, so I'll delve a little deeper.\n\nBefore I go on, a word of warning: this game is wildly unstable and hard to get up-and-running properly. This is also one of the main reasons I gave it a thumbs down, it's just too damn unstable, even with all the patches, fixes and running it at 1366x768 if you have a 16:9 monitor, it's the only resolution that looks good and runs relatively well, anything above 1000px in height crashes every third quickload.\n\nBut let's say you got it to run, so what are you getting? As far as presentation goes, it's dated, but not entirely garbage. The weapon models are done alright, the character models not so much, but the enemies some of the environments are what stood out to me. The sound design is also pretty good, music is minimal but effective in helping the visuals set a really dark/gloomy atmosphere, the weapons sound really good too. The problem is, they only sound good.\n\nThe weapons in this game, while cool on paper, are the most puny, unimpactful pieces of trash I've ever seen in an FPS game, which is a shame, because in the original Blood, the enemies were tough, but the guns packed a punch hard enough to balance it out. Here, the vast majority of enemies take A LOT of ammo to kill. For example, there are these bug-like creatures that take 70 assault rifle rounds to kill. EACH. Granted, you can carry 500 rounds, but what the hell does that help if there's 3 of them along with some other (even tougher) enemy types, that maybe take 100 assault rifle rounds and 20 Tesla charges to kill? The Tesla cannon is the only weapon with some semblance of punch, but ammo for it is scarce. The Napalm launcher has been neutered to the point of insignificance. It simply kils nothing. Weak. I don't know if this is a problem with the actual weapon damage or the enemy hitboxes, but the bottom line is that the way the guns and enemies work together SUCKS. The only cool weapon is the Hook thing you get in the Nightmare levels, which spawns portals that shoot out chained hooks that pull the enemy towards said portal; if you spawn enough of them, the sorry sack of meat to end up in its grasp will literally by ripped apart slowly. Cool stuff. Why not more of that and less generic, bulletchomping crud?\n\nI think the main problem with this game is simply that it's artificially difficult to the point of ridiculousness; unfair, cheap, and most importantly, not fun, 80% of the time. I'm not new to 90s FPS games (in fact, if you have a quick look at my library, you'll see that it's pretty much the bulk of what I play) and I completed the first Blood, but this game is just... frustrating. Most enemies are (as mentioned) bullet sponges, hit-scanning enemies have an accuracy so high that two of them will get you from 200HP to 34HP in a matter of seconds, hard-hitting projectile enemies are often spawned in small areas with no way to dodge the projectiles or even the splash damage, ammo is distributed poorly, health even more so, the boss battles suck (especially the Nightmare boss) etc. It doesn't click, most of the time is what I'm saying.\n\nI could go on and on about this but let me just use the Behemoth enemy type as an example. It's the boss of chapter two. I had to empty 100 sniper bullets and the ENTIRETY of my Tesla cannon to defeat it. In chapter 3, it's a fairly common enemy type, and it's not even one bit weaker, not to mention the game often spawns two at a time. Sure, they infight with other enemies, but you're still wasting massive resources to defeat an enemy which ultimately doesn't even need defeating because you can just run past it. In general, the balance of resources vs. enemies that good FPS titles like DOOM, Quake, Shadow Warrior, Duke Nukem, the first Blood etc. got down to a tee is completely absent here. I literally speedran/skipped upwards of 2/3 of a level because I just couldn't be bothered to stand there and pump hundreds and hundreds of rounds into these tenacious wastes of disk space. Let me illustrate the situation: in the penultimate level, the game spawns three of these large, tough and powerful Lich-like enemies into a narrow-ish corridor. They fire napalm-like fireballs with huge splash damage and you have nowhere to dodge. Hm, should i just... run past and avoid them completely or use up all my hard-earned ammo so that I'm left ammo-less for the sure-to-follow boss encounter?\n\nThere is a forgettable and rushed story in there somewhere, but the voice acting is bad (even Caleb's voice actor, who is excellent, has some downright cringy moments), the villain is an annoying, pompous tw4t, the Chosen are about the least memorable crew I can think of. The expansion is less than two hours and has the most lazy writing I've seen in a while and the most annoying boss in the entire game (who the hell makes a boss that shoots undodgeable homing projectiles?). The only way I could beat it without cheats is to literally get it stuck in the world geometry and hold LMB until the thing dropped and I had the intense satisfaction of listening to Gideon's disgusting voice narrate the end of this nightmare.\n\nThat's not to say this game is ALL bad. It has a vibe that really hadn't been done before and honestly hasn't been done since. The controls are great and smooth, as they should be for a 90s FPS, the levels are non-linear and the architecture is, for the most part, well designed (even though some levels like the subway train or Cabalco offices are lazily re-used up to THREE times), and in terms of actual good gameplay; what about the other 20 or so percent that ARE fun? Well, the gore system and gibbing in this game is immensely satisfying, when everything clicks, it's pure 90s FPS mayhem as it should be, but this is sadly so rare that I can just barely state these moments exist.\n\nAll-in-all, unless you're a die-hard Monolith fan (which I can't blame you, they made much better things than this disappointment) or you find the prospect of bulletsponge enemies and frequent crashing fun, I'm having a hard time recommending this game, even if it does cost 1.5\u20ac during sales. If it ran properly, I'd probably give it a \"barely recommend\" and just caution everyone to be aware of it's questionable design and cheapness, but since it's also a buggy mess, I just can't recommend it.", "timestamp_updated": 1503445099, "written_during_early_access": false, "comment_count": 0, "received_for_free": false, "timestamp_created": 1501597716, "votes_down": 2}], "success": 1, "query_summary": {"total_positive": 42, "review_score_desc": "Mixed", "review_score": 5, "num_reviews": 1, "total_negative": 44, "total_reviews": 86}}